I took seven months off from Twitter and almost forgot that we're supposed to hate each other we need a total and complete shutdown of Homecoming until we can figure out what’s going on … (Revelation 16:13-16) … BREAKING Two girls at the high school accidentally got the same dress for Homecoming -- and apparently the world must now end. "For the sake of the gospel, we are prepared to bear all losses—even the loss of our freedom and our lives." Chinese Christian Leaders Sign Joint Statement Affirming Religious Freedom    @StCharlesInst via @mcbelz do we think the camera-man ever told him? … Midlands Voices: “Moneyball" techniques can transform ranching in Nebraska    … via @owhnews “...so it emphasized the importance of a vibrant and autonomous civil society, the centrality of federalism, local community, and voluntary association of the kind that Tocqueville saw as the indispensable complement to the atomizing, destabilizing forces America had unleashed.” … “Conservatism began as a defense of America & a critique of France—which is the essence of Burke’s argument. He saw democracy as a challenge—which demanded acute attention as hierarchies collapsed, and society changed, in order to ensure that too much of value wasnt thrown away.” … Conservatism seeks “to conserve the liberal democratic state against the corrosive effects and flaws of liberalism itself...Conservatism defends the individual against the state as an evolving tradition born in the English common law from the 12th century on, a tradition that...” … well worth a read...  America Desperately Needs a Healthy Conservatism by Andrew Sullivan … GREAT @JonahRemnant podcast with @BenSasse is like burning up the Constitution in a spoon, mixing it with vinegar and injecting it into your bloodstream, also, Scarface reference, and @JonahNRO on cats … “Most Republicans didn’t vote for Donald Trump; they voted against Hillary Clinton. Most Democrats didn’t vote for Clinton; they voted against Trump.” … “One of the dominant features of our time is that more and more people define themselves by what they hate. For many partisans, what motivates them the most isn’t support for their side’s policies but their hatred of the other party.” … not that I remember … i’m figure-skating now. my profile pic is real-time … Takeaway...  Commencement Speakers: Stop telling kids to "find" their passion. Passions are developed by work, not "found" by magic.  Studies show that urging young adults to "find" their passions makes it less likely that they'll actually end up with one. … Abstract  “5 studies examined implicit theories of interest—the idea that personal interests are fixed [versus] developed. Whether assessed or experimentally induced, a fixed theory was more likely to dampen interest in areas outside existing interests.”   … “In one study, we evaluated mothers’ praise to their toddlers and then checked in with the children five years later. The more the mothers gave their children ‘process praise’ when they were toddlers, the more the children had a growth mindset.” … Praise for raw talent may actually make kids less resilient in the face of challenges and setbacks. … “Process praise” (for persistence, problem-solving, hard work) is far more useful for kids than praise for raw intelligence or natural talent.  Studies show that praise for talent doesn't motivate more hard work — but praise for persistence does. … you shld reconsider whether those people are really friends … Stop. Scheduling. Fall. Weddings. …  …  … We’re should require that presidential and vice-presidential candidates’ tax returns be disclosed. And... … We should prohibit Cabinet members and their immediate family from soliciting donations from foreign sources. If you hold one of the highest and most sensitive positions in the executive branch, there should not be any question about who you’re working for.  And... … Despite promises every campaign season to drain the swamp, Washington continues to get swampier. This place is filled with greed. It's time to clean up the mess.   No more looking the other way — Let’s actually drain the swamp. … I saw a commercial for cemetery plots, but that’s the last thing I need. … Web services “might decide to implement the directive globally, which would diminish American users’ capacity to share memes, political satire, or news articles online.” … “No one fore­saw the app economy com­ing” — but  U.S. leadership in 4G made it possible, producing a huge impact in jobs and business revenue. In 5G, the stakes are even higher. … America’s 7-yr-olds are right — that this is one of the funniest things ever written... … “I will send a fully armed battalion — to remind you of my love!  “...Don’t throw away this thing we had, ‘Cuz when push comes to shove, I will kill your friends and family — to remind you of my love.” This is completely untrue. And she said it already aware that journalists have debunked it.   But this is how politicians lie to court base voters. … Cow wins beauty pageant … my son just offered his sisters $100 bet that he saw an anaconda. (They wanna google to determine likely snake species/geographies before accepting terms...)pic.twitter.com/V56ChelJWa get. out.pic.twitter.com/KSnNQJmLO8 they don’t really have “rules”.... … Check out this formation: The ghost of Mike ⁦@Coach_Leach⁩ lives in Nebraska flag football...pic.twitter.com/WToHCBzSO4 This kid is a beast. Put him on your fantasy team.   64 yards of receiving in the first quarter...pic.twitter.com/cKm5h57PeE Nebraska vs. Colorado.  A new chapter begins.  #GBRpic.twitter.com/G69C8BqvzE He is accelerating the trend, obviously. But it didn’t start two years ago. (Eg, you should check out the polling on the giant share of Democrats that believed George W. Bush knowingly concealed the 9/11 plot against America.) … yep — regularly consider it  (except the “from Dem” part) … Without these things, more conspiracy theories are inevitable. … We need more shared facts.   We need more reporters who want to do straight reporting.    We need to bring back the old, brighter line between news and opinion/commentary. … I fear we’re headed toward a place where hefty majorities of both sides of the electorate are going to regularly embrace unsupported and blatantly false assertions.   Technological fragmentation of media enabled it, and siloed fan-servicing media practices are accelerating it...  … same thing happened 37x during senate hearings this week... … we’d be a lot healthier if everyone read and debated this … The Coddling of the American Mind by Greg Lukianoff and Jonathan Haidt is well worth a read... … (you’ll belly laugh...and also cry) … worth a watch... … Nevermind.  (turns out some people who sleep in my family think this might be ours) … I'll never forget practice leading up to this game and Coach Osborne saying we would score on our first play. Love the rivalry! #BeatCU #GBRpic.twitter.com/VOzx6K63SQ “The legislative branch is becoming a parliament of pundits, in which both parties teem with people desperate to emote, preen, and shriek for voters and donors who follow politics like it’s a form of entertainment — and, in this case, a theater of the absurd.” …  … Meanwhile in (illegally annexed) Crimea... … Here’s how Nathan Gerry introduced himself on NBCpic.twitter.com/3zdzRQyNFM No, that would create a huge Quorum issue. … pic.twitter.com/i8C9EQDa5E Tweet of the Week: … “shirt exchange”?  I grant you that the hearing went really late last night (and I am normally in early-to-bed-guy), but to my knowledge, no one was shirtless at any point at this event... … just to review... Russia Today is not a news source.  It is a propaganda outlet of a hostile foreign power. … Yes and amen.   #norms … Kavanaugh says judges should not: *attend campaign rallies, *donate to candidates, *put bumper stickers on their cars, or *signs in their yards.  He also doesn’t vote. Doesn't think this is obligatory, but he thinks it’s helpful to reinforce the independence of the judiciary. Nailed it! Many people call @SenMikeLee the “Turd Ferguson of the Senate” — but Mormons are usually prohibited from driving like the Bandit.   Celebrity Jeopardy! Burt Reynolds & Sean Connery  - SNL   via @YouTube "It's been four years since North Korea's petty little despot hacked Sony Pictures because he didn't like a movie that a free and open society produced,” Sasse said.  “Cyber war gives outsized opportunities to North Korea, and it's important to push back." … if only the Founders had had the foresight to frame a process to change the document in an explicit, legal way... … kicking off Day 3 at the Kavanaugh hearing … another one from Coach Osborne.... “We never celebrated much when we got into the end zone, because we liked our opponents to understand that we’d been there before...” … Shatel: Husker fans didn't like 'rivalry' with Colorado, but they loved to hate Buffaloes  (Via  ) … P.S. and thanks for letting me talk about Twisted Sister — and Major Marbles … SCOTUS shouldn't have an aisle, says Sen. Sasse  … via @msnbc “The rea­son this in­sti­tu­tion punts its power to ex­ec­-branch agen­cies is b/c it’s a con­ve­nient way to avoid re­spon­si­bil­ity for un­pop­u­lar de­ci­sions. If your big­gest long-term pri­or­ity is just re-elec­tion, then (sadly) giv­ing away power is a good strat­egy...” … “What we mostly do in Congress is not pass laws but give per­mis­sion to bu­reau­cracy X or Y to make law­like reg­s. We write gi­ant pieces of leg­is­la­tion with undefined terms—& then say the sec­re­tary of such-and-such shall pro­mul­gate rules that do the rest of our jobs..” …  … We thought Dr. Huxtable was our role model, and we were wrong.   Elvin is. … Just stumbled across the “Klobuchar Conference Room” behind the #KavanaughConfirmation   ( @amyklobuchar⁩ works hard....)pic.twitter.com/Yx162OLaYJ Me too.  … … can i coach football and do that on the side? …  … Sen. Ben Sasse: "Judge Kavanaugh doesn't hate women and children. Judge Kavanaugh doesn't lust after dirty water and stinky air. No, looking at his record, it seems to me that what he actually dislikes are legislators that are too lazy and risk-averse to do our actual jobs"pic.twitter.com/RDV2DNZzeb Watch this clip of @BenSasse ... then watch it again. #Kavanaughpic.twitter.com/4JegXIA4S8 We can and we should do better than this. It's predictable now that every confirmation hearing is going to be an overblown, politicized circus. And it's because we've accepted a bad new theory about how our three branches of government should work.  down with #OccupationalLicensing … one protester screamed out: “I needed a background investigation to work in a laundry mat!”  (huh?) … "the Blessed Sacrament Bulldogs..." The American people see right through this — and the result will not be more serious deliberation. The result will be (yet again) a smaller Senate, and a more tribal electorate. … This stuff will make us sicker, not healthier.  Sending out fundraising emails DURING A HEARING about opposition to a Supreme Court nominee is not the job of a Senator. It is cynical play-acting for a political base.  … pic.twitter.com/NYqXJKX4iC Full Stmt from @BenSasse responding to Trump Tweet on DOJ investigations into GOP Reps —>pic.twitter.com/hgoZzNYAFO Kid 1: Is vaping a liquid that closes your lungs? Kid 2: It's more of a flavory steam?  Kid 3: What's wrong with that?  Kid 1: I heard it makes you dumb.  Kid 3: Me too.  Kid 2: I don't believe it. it was a heckuva ball game...pic.twitter.com/gaGLHNYrlx forgiven, coach.  but you shld probably call your office: "Butler, a team with no scholarship athletes and a 35-and-a-half-point underdog....”  … … if this is your cat, please come get itpic.twitter.com/xJdNY3qujU if you're a parent of school-aged kids, this unusual book about education is well worth a read...  How to Be Unlucky: Reflections on the Pursuit of Virtue CiRCE Institute  … via @amazon gross … too soon … “Any Christian who believes we’re ‘one election away from losing everything’ has forgotten how to sing the psalmist’s warning, ‘Do not put your trust in princes, in human beings, who cannot save’ (Psalm 146:3).” … “This happens whenever the church confuses the kingdom of Christ with the kingdoms of this present age. Jesus didn’t come to jump-start [your politics]. And he rebuked James& John for wanting to call down judgment. He’s not a mascot for a voting bloc but the savior of the world.” … worth a read... … why can't we have nice things … it is un-American to cancel football live shot from inside the stadiumpic.twitter.com/V2c4Rqykf3 you’re welcome … Dear Pastors in Nebraska- Can we please push back service start times by 90 minutes tomorrow morning? Signed, Everyone … Yes. … entertainment during the lightning delay...pic.twitter.com/iINDVBBBoG i just ran into Noahpic.twitter.com/fw8zwHK3GC and stop vending at #husker games?   Nah — Have been doing this since 1983... … it’s actually me struggling to make change... (I was told there would be no math) … Let’s do this.pic.twitter.com/oO5UQwEJ5F Hey President Bush- There are 90,000+ fans here in the lightning delay in Lincoln who could also use a piece of candy... #GBR … Can we do the Tunnel Walk again? … So @BenSasse tweeted this one year ago @OgallalaFB. … Nice to see @BenSasse out here making runza vending great again #GBRpic.twitter.com/qo1RaWzWUA Section 103 … Let’s do this.pic.twitter.com/2nKXBvHp6z The Victors.pic.twitter.com/OO89a9LHDv lots of this around Phoenixpic.twitter.com/Ek9Jc5h3ua “Vladimir Putin hated John McCain. And it was an arrow in John’s quiver — a badge of honor.” … “McCain’s willingness to take on the sacred cows of both political parties was why a lot of people in DC hated him — and why a lot more people across America loved him." … “As McCain reminded us in his farewell charge...  America is an idea.  America is a cause.  America is about liberty.  America is about universal human dignity." … "You can go to Japan to live, but you cannot become Japanese.  “You can go live in Germany, but you can’t become German...You have to have been born a member of the tribe...  “[But here] anyone can become an American if you embrace our values."  -McCain, riffing on a Reagan quote … Have been reading McCain's most recent book (The Restless Wave) on this flight to his funeral.  One thing that repeatedly stands out... Lifelong impatience with anyone who played footsie with racists. … my 7-year-old now insists on being woken up exclusively to Twisted Sister.   if you wanna join in, here ya go —>  We’re Not Gonna Take It  Shorter deadlines help us tell ourselves the truth that perfection is not the goal — and that we’ll need feedback and revisions. … (my bad) … To honor John McCain’s legacy, the Senate should do something that would make both parties uncomfortable.  Bill Moos for president … “Q. How smart are they?” “A. Oh, they're dumb. They're dumb as a box of rocks. I mean, they're a big rodent, they're not smart. I think of them kind of like cows, in terms of their personality. Like, ‘Give me a patch of grass, let me eat, leave me alone, I'm good.’” … (v-mail from my kids)  “Dad, we think we should get a capybara. How do we persuade you?”  Me: what’s a capybara? (googling...) Fact 1 —> adult weight is....70 to 140 pounds. Fact 2  —> … those people were not “more conservative” … I can’t believe this happened again … communist … Text from my wife... “Love you. G’night. Squirrel is on second shelf in my duck boot.”  (ummm...Any translation help?) (I’m also a JFK fan, but if you think the cooling off period before Hannah can tell a joke is >55 years....twitter might not be the venue for you) … (gotta be honest that i’m blanking on this too — but there was a lotta bad whiskey in the 1770s) … this is #FakeNews  … Ben Sasse has issued a statement on this Trump tweet:  "This is simply wrong. Trade creates American jobs, period. This is basic economics, and actual American experience for the last 75 years." … (no comment) … I think the real political divide in this country is between people who are willing to laugh at themselves and people who aren't Is “trying to flee mortality by being a moron” one of the options? … #ToughButFair … #LoveYourPassion … (I’m gonna miss him terribly) … This looks like a nice picture....In reality, he’s calling me “stupid bastard” — again.pic.twitter.com/SZWcGRcxZn I worked a UPS delivery route for a bit in 2016 — Bearly survived.   (my kids are going to kill me for that joke) … am on a conference call....  A guy who hasn’t added any value for 7+ minutes (not that atypical) just chimed in: “Guys, I just dropped my iPhone off a three-story balcony! And it’s fine! Where are we?“ “James defines pure religion in part as looking after ‘widows & orphans in distress.’ Galatians declares: ‘neither Jew nor Gentile, slave nor free, nor male & female, for you are all one in Christ.’ My wife & I not only felt called to adopt, but we believed race was no barrier..” … something is deeply wrong in America  — as both the institutional left and the alt-right are regularly attacking evangelicals who adopt … worth a read … McCain and prisoners in neighboring cells modified a language of tapping (like Morse code). They’d use it to tell each other poems & stories from their youth. I once asked how long it took.  He grunted: “Who cares?! What the hell else were we going to do?“ We had infinite time.“ Having been cussed out by the Chairman a few times, this sounds legit....  “Sen. McCain manifested his famously hot temper early: As a toddler, he would hold his breath until he blacked out.” … I’ve been in multiple war zones with this man, and I never ceased to be amazed & moved at young servicemen/women delaying their promotion ceremonies until John McCain arrived to preside over their formal oath-takings. #hero … Our nation aches for truth-tellers. This man will be greatly missed. … Yes They’re also great to listen to as audio book.  (If you’re doing it with students as a class, though, Dallek is better because more efficient with lots of the same material...) … (dinner)  My wife: "Why were your eyes open during the prayer?"   7-yr-old: "It helps me focus. ‘Cuz if i close my eyes, I see a bunch of toys around Jesus." Between 37% and 40% of workers “say their jobs make no difference” — according to new surveys.  Those numbers are huge.   And they have major implications for youth culture, for populism, and for broader despair. … “A bullshit job is one that even the person doing it secretly believes need not, or should not, exist. That if the job, or even the whole industry, were to vanish, either it would make no difference to anyone, or the world might even be a slightly better place.” … parts of this should be argued with, but well worth a read.... … Abe Lincoln has some enduring advice for us...  “If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time — or die by suicide." … Putin intends to pick at every scab, every culture war skirmish, and especially every racial divide in America.   We’re going to need lots more Americans to be aware of these info-ops campaigns, and a lot more of us to call BS on screaming at each other about everything. … 1. This is what’s happened to humanities majors on American campuses since the 2008 financial crisis:  …pic.twitter.com/o5bjv11MWv face it, we’re just better at corn than you are … P.S. when one of your accts goes back-and-forth betw posting grainy videos of inter-racial fistfights & stand-alone tweets like "Fug the National Felon League!!!" it seems maybe a tad too obvious that division is the goal  (oh, one more: Follower counts under 23 are suspicious) … Note to bot farm managers starting the late shift in Stalingrad- *select screen names that don’t end in exactly 8 digits *profile photos shld have a face *for the bio, it’s useful to have a place *most Christian conservatives dont lead with "CHRISTIAN CONSERVATIVE" as our profile … all I can think of reading this story is the genius of Kate McKinnon’s spaceship story....   … umm....actually, it might … Sen. @bensasse (R-NE): "I find it really difficult to envision any circumstance where I would vote to confirm a successor to Jeff Sessions if he is fired because he is executing his job rather than choosing to act like a partisan hack."pic.twitter.com/oqI3oXH0DX bunch of mistakes in here   … “But the best of all was when Lucy came rushing upstairs shouting out, ‘Aslan! Aslan! I’ve found Mr. Tumnus. Oh, do come quick.’” … “The courtyard looked no longer like a museum; it looked more like a zoo. Creatures were running after Aslan and dancing round him...”pic.twitter.com/0U54FwCwYS – bei Dining Hall - Camp Cedars “In big cities, people are choosing to share rather than own a vehicle that sits idle most of the time. The number of Germans 25 and under getting driving licenses slid 28 percent in the past decade, and the story is similar in most major economies.” … #LoveYourPassion … Breck is fishing with Grandpa (& his hand has apparently grown freakishly large since getting to Minnesota)pic.twitter.com/pi1ydFJ8aI “Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts.” … please oh please let there be tapes … “Learning benefits from reflection—or cognitive quiet...Sleep is a fascinating example. It’s possible that we tidy up our knowledge while we’re sleeping deeply. One recent study shows a good evening of shut-eye can reduce practice time by 50%.” … “A growing body of research is making it clear that learners are made, not born. [It’s possible to] develop expertise faster and more effectively. In short, we can all get better at learning...” … “The National Guard says that, of the recruitable population, only about a quarter are fit enough to serve.” We have a population-wide obesity problem. …  … also highly recommended...  Tomorrow 3.0: Transaction Costs and the Sharing Economy (Cambridge Univ Press), by Michael Munger  … … i’m less worried about this aspect of the sharing economy than Tyler is — because I think that choosing to yearn for smaller garages & closets might be healthier than limitless yearning for more and bigger — but he is well worth reading here (as usual)... … The Natl Academies of Science study on synthetic biology aimed to determine how soon the manipulation of organisms to produce diseases or toxins could pose a security threat to the US.... … G’night, twitter. We have a burial service when we get home — the rabbits made it five days.... (I predict one of the kids is bawling by verse three of Amazing Grace) Well worth the ten minutes... (His father left the house at 3:45am every morn. Why? "Maybe one of my boys will catch me in the act of excellence...")  The Wisdom of a Third Grade Dropout Will Chan...   via @YouTube three cheers for community picnics....pic.twitter.com/7W7q8pDpCv fella is apparently having a rough weekendpic.twitter.com/8lecrI3aNU We have a winner...  A package of strawberries found under the seat of the truck... (I owe you $5, Mr. Blizzard — Will be in touch) … close enough, Mr. Blizzard. A package of strawberries left under the seat of the truck for a week of 90-degree Nebraska days... (I owe you $5 — Will be in touch) … (should never happen anywhere in america, tbh) … $5 to the first person (or bot) that can correctly identify this:pic.twitter.com/U0tYS1BoWo In light of responses that can't engage a topic without just screaming ANTI-TRUMP! or TRUMP! try this hypothetical: Suppose Trump dies of a heart attack tmrw *do our culture wars evaporate? *do you think America unites? *does Putin stop undermining our public trust? (no, no & no) … One of the giant costs of the Trump-centric framing of the Mueller investigation (by cable news chyrons & by the President himself) is that few Americans understand Putin's agents are now picking at the scabs of every cultural skirmish we have--from race to guns to media tribes. … “Fewer parents are volunteering at their children’s schools just as new research shows it yields benefits from better grades to lower rates of depression...” … Thanks for having me, General. (And seriously, don’t feel bad — I should be able to walk again by Thursday or so...) … "rosegold" is not a real color just heard the best dating story ever... a 60-something Nebr. woman just recounted her first date in high school:  The guy picked her up on a unicycle, and suggested she jog alongside to get to the dance worth a read... … “County-level maps show striking correspondence between areas with the highest obesity rates and those with the greatest increases in mortality (located predominantly in the South and Midwest).” … espn should bring back the 'Jacked Up' segment just for this video … Forget the NFL. Forget the WWE. I nominate her Swamp-Drainer. … This is a great idea. Some books are better and some are worse than others, and it's healthy to acknowledge that. As @BenSasse so well put it: "We must be able to grapple with ideas we don't like, and internalize the distinction between a bad book and a wrong book." … Pure Genocide. Lord lead us as we seek to support our persecuted brothers and sisters. Hebrews 13:3 … “The exoskeletons don’t have motors, or even batteries, but provide ‘passive assistance’ in the form of arm support from five to 15 pounds. By giving more arm support the higher a person reaches, the device takes strain off of the arm muscles.” … we’re signing off of twitter for tonight and heading back to the more uplifting content of #TheOcho … ...quote from the bath tonight...  "Dad?" "Yeah?" "If I go into the neighbors' yard after a rabbit with a gun -- but only a tranquilizer -- will they be really mad?" help me out Twitter...  My neighbor says that these bush-camouflaged caterpillars can bring down everything. Overreaction, or the end of days?pic.twitter.com/Xiy45pdbIa nuff said...pic.twitter.com/UHA7y1NvSW sautéed onions their intergalactic, planetary, planetary, intergalactic skills are mad good … athletic directors understand that all service academies can be trap games...but Space Force Academy is especially dangerous … I’m no expert here but i think that’s frowned upon too   not recommended … “The Russian attack on Georgia also displayed the effectiveness of Putin’s narrative of grievance. Although Russia committed the aggression, many in the West blamed others for ‘forcing’ Putin’s hand.” … please don’t.  If you do, I will auction them on twitter … I rarely read comments but just glanced..Oops  So a periodic Twitter Service Announcement: *this is my personal (not govt) account *I have kids, friends & too many pets *if you're looking for constant politics, that's not what my fam & I use this for *please feel free to unfollow … we can’t be friends … What I always liked most about working for @bensasse was how he had everyone pretend to hate me and constantly hurl devastating insults my way. Funniest two and a half years of my life! #LoveYourPassion … (i didn’t realize that one was in the trust tree. my bad) … "paparazzi" … Lol. This is true. They do have crotchless pants though. I wear those for thanksgiving dinners if it’s just family. current debate from the backseat: “What do you call a bunch of locusts?”   Leading candidates.... *school *loci *meal *herd *flock $68,000 says this is where ⁦@GitRDoneLarry⁩ the Cable Guy got his blue ostrich assless chaps.... … Lincoln: this is Florida Man kinda stuff. Let’s get it together … h.s. football coaches shld show this as a technique video at 2-a-days this week … pic.twitter.com/wyS8dsExGi three cheers for grandpaspic.twitter.com/hBXej4YtZV my dress cargo shorts are for more formal occasions, like the church picnic … some folks in our office take team unity pretty seriously … Correct. By law, All new public payphones in Nebraska must use exclusively Chinese characters. … “...mental health marketplace is giving free, confidential therapy sessions to Flushing faithful who fill out a form asking for their most difficult moments as Mets fans.” … great to meet some Daughters of the American Revolution at their state meeting in Kearney today. Thanks for the way DAR teaches our kids civics...pic.twitter.com/JiaWXOM8Xh this place had a line this morning … echo chambers stink … nicepic.twitter.com/UYFX3P4wcB text from the Uber driver... “how bout i pick ya up in the northbound lane?”pic.twitter.com/iFinZTT0RO In the experiment, men accepted the request to volunteer 51% of the time; women accepted 76% of the time. …  … “The Great Amer­i­can Read” is a list of Amer­i­ca’s 100 fa­vorite works of fiction...  *a poll of 7,000+ U.S. read­ers *books must be pub­lished (though not nec­es­sar­ily writ­ten) in Eng­lish *a se­ries counts as one ti­tle *only one book per author. … Fifteenth anniversary of PEPFAR — some very efficient numbers: >14 million lives saved.     … Percent of people reporting “exciting” sex life by...  pic.twitter.com/5yajrqCvJF a dozen fascinating maps... … “The im­age of a dan­ger­ous world has never been broad­cast more ef­fec­tively than it is now, while the world has never been less vi­o­lent and more safe.” … Red kidney beans are piling up. Growers are worrying. Customers are canceling. This is how tariffs ripple through U.S. agriculture. … Silicon Valley is weird...and genuinely pricey.  Just had a **homeless** guy (on a $1000+ bike) ask me: "Sir, could you spare twenty or fifty dollars perhaps?"  Me: "I've never heard that before."  Him (laughing): "You never know. You never know, man." My Bloody Valentine … This is just breathtaking to watch, not only for Campbell, but the blocking and the physicality of the defense and the plays themselves. My goodness, what a sport college football was and is.  … Some important swamp-draining is likely to flow from Mueller’s Russia investigation. (But because both Trump and Trump-obsessed cable channels focus manically on the Trump organization, much of the public hasn’t yet noticed this side benefit from Mueller.) … A long thread on conservative intellectuals' responses to Richard Nixon and the Watergate scandal.pic.twitter.com/8Jugs2AhaH the editor who wrote this headline is still bragging to his or her friends... … (phone rings from Nebr)  My wife: "Our son got a doubleplay! He caught an infield pop-up, then ran to third and beat the kid who didn't tag up!”  Me: "Lemme talk to the stud!"  7-yr-old: "Dad! I got a hit, right up the middle, that hit the Coach in the nuts! He went down hard!" “sleeplessness undermines the whole body.”    When you wake up at the same time every day, you’re in balance naturally.  Good thing milking cows as a kid put that rhythm into me.  Fantastic reading.  Thanks @BenSasse … The Kochs are much more interesting than the crap many journalists swallowed whole when Harry Reid was slandering them on the Senate floor … The Kochs (again) defending free speech and real debate on campus -- for both conservative and liberal ideas.    … Yep - this phrase isn't about Trump. Congress has been punting power to the exec branch -- decade by decade, both parties -- since the 1930s … Even though the average American works much less than a century ago, we sleep--on average--two hours less per night (because of screens). … "When this circadian rhythm breaks down, research shows we're at increased risk for diabetes, dementia, & heart..." … please watch your language … This isn't true. Nickelback is Canadian, and we are at war with Canada … All this is good, but note especially: "buy a goat"... … Thank you to the Root family.   As the son of a man alive today because we were given the kidney and pancreas of a teenage girl who died in a tragic car accident, you’ll never know how much your gift means. Melissa and I pray God blesses and comforts your family. … America’s Entitlement Crisis Is Also a Global Security Crisis … is that Manafort in the background? … "....disguising the shark as a baby." Sounds right. … to be honest, I didn’t even know my kid was on this flight … To whoever burglarized Scott Frost’s home.  Just know the whole state of Nebraska is looking for you and will open up a can.pic.twitter.com/cCzhXlVMgX Rewatching the @B1Gfootball media day coaches pressers. Has there ever been a coach more representative of his school and program than @coach_frost at @HuskerFBNation?!? Excited to see him bring Huskers back to being a powerhouse year in and year out. #AllBusiness i was told there would be french fries … Pretty savage to say a guy in Texas will end up like Kennedy. Especially when the Cruz family is also involved. … "Congratulations...Slow down and experience the joy," says Frank. … I just found @senorrinhatch 's personal acct … Funniest thing I’ve heard an elected official say in a loooong time: @BenSasse quoting Homer Simpson on @MorningEdition “Sorry doesn’t put thumbs on your hand Marge!”pic.twitter.com/deyyAr3jk6 watch yer tongue … Well said.  Also a shoutout to silverado pickups (our two have a combined 400k miles...and we expect ~300k more)  … "When your kid tracks dirt through the kitchen, chew him out. But when he wraps the car around a light pole, just hug him" -a wise dad today Scott Frost being the only B1G coach not wearing a tie is the ultimate power movepic.twitter.com/xFH3O8bexU like grandma always said: fireworks, the 4th of July, and chicken wing ice cream are what made 'merica greatpic.twitter.com/MZurIJsfZ6 something is very wrong with us … On This Date: Carl Spackler's battle against a gopher indirectly led to Danny Noonan and Ty Webb winning a $160,000 wager against Judge Smails.pic.twitter.com/xHuFjggidE my kid just sent me a note that his biggest learning today is "not to rile" one of our dogs (but we have THREE dogs)pic.twitter.com/9DljqhBLIq Good on VFW National for this statement.  Some individual reporters do biased or sub-par work, but booing the press in general is an unhealthy trend. Democracy depends on shared facts and on a vibrant First Amendment. … "I live in the most productive state in the history of agriculture right now. Our people feed the world," Sen. @BenSasse says of the state he represents, Nebraska. "They don't want bailouts; they want more trade."pic.twitter.com/BGr1cLmgVn Sen @BenSasse: “This trade war is cutting the legs out from under farmers and White House’s ‘plan’ is to spend $12 billion on gold crutches.”pic.twitter.com/qzUpviCJWo also this is why I don’t drive uber in Iowa anymore … Iowa again. … Iowa. …  … 4 tips from @bensasse on how to help your kids lose well. … same … "When a lizard drops its tail, if it does it wrong, could it dislocate its shoulder?"  -our fourth 7-yr-old lizard/tail question today #IowaStateFair1997 … I can’t believe someone broke @ChuckGrassley ’s record   Man breaks world record for slicing watermelons on stomach … "Her dad, who isn’t a doctor, is listed as the attending physician." … worth a read... … breaks from twitter are healthy... … Tonight, everyone should drink to the long-term freedom and security of Montenegro! To the long-term freedom and security of Montenegro! pic.twitter.com/sPbPb5l9JC The sound of freedom.pic.twitter.com/HWZPDJI0pV Standing ovation for 29 Medal of Honor recipients. Thank youpic.twitter.com/yo1dAYmDTh A better thing, Mr. President, would be to declare: "Russia is the enemy of America and our allies, and we will expose and respond to their continued cyber-attacks against our nation." … N.B. I'm a little rusty on Twitter skills, and accidentally threaded messages 3, 4, and 5 exclusively under #2 . Sorry for the funky format. 8 (of 8). President Trump should have only one message for Putin tomorrow: Quit messing with America. 7. I don't think President Trump should be dignifying Putin with this meeting. When Reagan met with Gorbachev, he did so from a position of strength & moral clarity about the evil empire that the Soviet Union was, and w/ a clear purpose to end the Soviet Union's threat to the US. 6. No matter how much Putin flatters the President, he is a KGB thug who jails political opponents, encourages/orders the murder of Russian dissidents and defectors at home and abroad, and who directs a military that bombs women, children, and the injured in hospitals in Syria. 5. Remember, Putin ordered the influence operations that have been exposed in the most recent indictments, did not hesitate to invade Ukraine and Georgia, organized a coup in Montenegro, funded xenophobic political parties across Europe, and crippled Estonia with cyberattacks. 4. Putin is an enemy of America. He sees us as his main enemy and is engaged in ongoing attacks on our nation through information warfare and hacking our infrastructure.  It’s not just that he messed with our election in 2016; he attacks us regularly, and will again in 2018. 3. Putin is a crook and a liar.  He has broken almost every agreement he has signed with the United States, including on Syria and Ukraine. He has become one of the world's richest men through embezzlement and stealing from his own people. 2. Putin is a murderer. He has ordered the assassinations of political adversaries and used outlawed chemical weapons to do it.  He oversees Russian military units that shot down Malaysian flight 17 and murdered almost 300 civilians. Things Every American Should Know Before the Trump-Putin Helsinki meeting:  1. Exactly who is Vladmir Putin, the Russian leader our president is about to meet with in Helsinki? And what does he want?   It’s a complicated question. But here’s what we do know… this dog might've won the medal, but in our defense, Breck’s wearing flip flopspic.twitter.com/c2Oo5VCp06 a lady just told me: "I'm a horrible negotiator. Really horrible. If i wrote a book on it, I'd have to call it 'The Fart of the Deal.'" Fed Soc logo = James Madison, 4th President—>MadiSon, 4=1+3 —>MS-13. Fed Soc is basically the OG Van Buren Boys. … three cheers for in-water triathlon photographerspic.twitter.com/JHj2SgEPSw Everyone is getting this wrong. MS-13 is the military wing of the Federalist Society. … How spooky must life have been before corrective eye lenses? i'm in, but worry I might intimidate @JJWatt physically … Exclusive footage of @BenSasse returning to this platform:pic.twitter.com/Q8xFGIcPZo (fun fact: 64.2% of successful podcasts are recorded pants-less) … Study: Average American Now Complains More In A Week Than People Living Through The Black Plague Did Their Entire Lives  …pic.twitter.com/hJmgrSSBlS heck, let’s stop sugarcoatin it: Fed Society probably created ms-13 … know what America really needs right now?  ....blacklists compiled by political addicts … nope. The vast vast majority of America pays nearly zero attention to minute-vs-minute, blow-by-blow politics. (Shorter version: They’re healthier) … The U.S. intelligence community knows that the Russian government attacked the U.S. This is not a Republican or a Democrat view -- it is simply the reality. All patriotic Americans should understand that Putin is not America's friend, and he is not the President's buddy...pic.twitter.com/GfgtDKKtSF long-standing core American, First Amendment principle: "More speech is better. The best way to put bad arguments to bed is to air them out" …  … A liberal arts education is appropriate for anyone who has been commanded to not work on the Sabbath. Dozens of Russian fake Twitter accounts posted real local news for months, building readership for future U.S. influence efforts  His mom, Mamie, had his casket left open. Images of his mutilated body gave witness & inspired civ rights campaigns …  … honestly, Schumer's hair is a national treasure. … If i had to choose betw no twitter & lots o twitter, I'd choose none. But.. I think it's poss to do "limited twitter." We created some rules … gently, pls feel free to unfollow. At a dozen hours/day of politics, I'm not really here for more politics--so you're gonna be disappointed … a dude in DC actually gave me a COCAINE MITCH tanktop last night. pretty sweet, tbh … There's a kid here whose dog is wearing a diaper. Who signed off on this? It's wrongpic.twitter.com/YGUMeTorZ0 hey, @snopes  this seems worth checking out … I just confirmed the fact.  It is called "Flying Timber," and is at 15th and Farnam.  ("Note: Axe-throwers must be at least 12.") … Guy when I just walked off the plane: "Did you hear we just opened a new combination axe-throwing rec center & BAR downtown?" #Omaha Parties Short version: While there's much to say about how catch-and-release policies led us here, family separation is wicked & needs to be stopped … statement on G7 talks:  "constant victim-talk doesn't help trade negot'ns & doesn't help citizens make sense of disruption coming from tech"pic.twitter.com/RvpxSboqX6 Decided to take a 1-min break from my 4-mon Twitter fast. Signing back off again now... (BTW, freedom from Twitter is good for family life) … Hopefully the President is just blowing off steam, but setting Amer agriculture on fire is not a plan. My statement:pic.twitter.com/zSJhYZPDK2 ouch.  Maranatha  … Fight on, Man. And treasure your family each day. … my statement on DOJ's Hezbollah investigation...pic.twitter.com/swaLGrn0Vh Memo to all Holiday travelers: Just left my plane witnessing an anxious young mom with 3 crying children. One guy was so rude and disrespectful I about came unglued on him. Newsflash: If it is stressing you out, she is 3X as stressed! Don’t be a clown! #family#holidays#patience I know this guy -- represents Rhode Island four in the House … am not entirely sure, but think I've just been named a Future Female Leader.... So I'd like to thank my mom, and grandma, and Aunt Gorgene  … .@Huskervball & @jcook2 doing the impossible *a Natl Champ'nshp in a rebuilding yr *uniting the Senate to pass legislation  America owes you … Not sure I agree with all of bro #1’s points, but no one can deny the importance of bonding. … We had a hunch & it turned out right: Today is the oldest Senate ever, easily most 80-somethings ever serving together. It's having an effect. … Be generous: Share it with the neighbors, and just board it there. … "There is not dignified versus undignified work, nor important versus unimportant work; there is only useful versus useless work . . . The heart of the grateful adult yearns to be productive, to be be useful to his or her neighbor." @BenSasse Thank you, Mr. Heretik.  … so... since this is apparently a done deal, anyone know the logistics of wrapping a Christmas monkey? … me: "what did mom say?" her: "she's 100% on board" … Actual call from one o my kids just now...  "Dad. I'm 14 now. And you've got to admit that I'm old enough to get a pet monkey now."  …  #WithEachOtherForEachOtherpic.twitter.com/hZjsDjSuP9 We're a Volleyball School and I love it ....Congratulations Nebraska Volleyball ! … Nebraska's first national championship of the Scott Frost era. … National. Champions!pic.twitter.com/XZsQ0subsK His brother's here at the game too … So much momentum here.... #HomeGame … Now that's a sign @ Kansas City, Missouri   Husker Nation waiting for the gates to open for the volleyball national championship. #GBRpic.twitter.com/j6la77BH0i Hey! I guess you're right. Most Senators can't move very fast. … this is both fascinating and frightening … $5 says this guy is a member of the House … Two of our dogs fought so hard this morning that one of them lost part of his lip -- and he's clearly never been happier.pic.twitter.com/SQ8D0BW5Zw The #Huskers are headed to the NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH #WithEachOtherForEachOther  #GBR #WhyNotUspic.twitter.com/wXnse16xp8 Set 4  #Huskers Harder. Better. Faster. Stronger. LET'S GO #Huskers #WithEachOtherForEachOtherpic.twitter.com/uYlEmtsfFu We're going to game 5. #Huskers take the fourth set 28-26. You can all breathe now. #NCAAVB May his shoulder heal and may he run very, very fast. … Welcome to the team, Adrian. … Burkhead! uh, @Netflix?!?! What part of "confidential" don’t you understand? … Watch this with your kids.   (Christmas 1914 at war.)   Dan Gable quote-tshirts or get outpic.twitter.com/1o0gFTOcex wow.  More of this  … 2009 D-Line Stats  • Alabama = National Champs • Florida = Defending Champs • Texas = Runner-Up • Ndamukong Suh = Himself  You owe that man a damn Heisman.pic.twitter.com/6zBPf7o4ss so now we even have niche-marketed toilets... … No. (Now please get back to football and other unifying topics...) … An open letter to the city of Brotherly Love (...or anyone who drafted Carson Wentz in fantasy):  Bummer dude. C'mon Man on the good news front:  over the last two centuries, literacy around the globe has grown from 12% to 86% … Wrestling tournament t-shirts are the bestpic.twitter.com/yPn2Q5MSLW Any day, any time, any place. We'll be there #WithEachOtherForEachOther!   The #Huskers are going to the FINAL FOUR for the third straight year#GBR #WhyNotUs pic.twitter.com/mRlOkpF6x1 One organic producer:  "For many workers around here, premiums are now 30 to 50% of total compensation." … Have heard from multiple farmers today about panic in their counties about health insurance premium increases for 2018. David Brooks closing column line.  Brutal: “The rot afflicting the G.O.P. is comprehensive — moral, intellectual, political and reputational. More and more former Republicans wake up every day and realize: ‘I’m homeless. I’m politically homeless.’” on that happy note, flight is lifting... sleep well.  … #LoveYourPassion … without question  … Aristotle > Plato you might be taking twittter too seriously … I'm married … #BlessYourHeart … why are you telling me random things I don't care about?  ...um, oh my bad, I forgot we were on twitter … not every day … 8 teams have won 9 or more games half of the last 55 yrs:  48x -Nebraska 35 Ohio St, Alabama 32 Michigan, PennSt, Oklahoma 30 Auburn 29 Tex … I’m pretty sure that’s a young @charlesmurray saying  “America needs bonding.” … delete your account … Football > basketball NCAA > NFL #LoveYourPassion … #LoveYourPassion … Nebraska > Ohio … which means i have a 1-in-43 chance of ever getting a job … economics > all other social sciences sports > social sciences hard sciences > social sciences humanities > social sciences really helpful stuff … then he asked me to name all of Eisenhower's cabinet. weird deal … more of this … Ten mins of college football is a great addition to every day.  Nice to meet you, Matt … Gary Larson is a national treasure … come on, Putin doesn't do elections … We've found that having long cycles of time to be free from "digital dopamine" greatly reduces future yearning for this immediacy crack. … Another device we try at our house: Resolve to fast from social media entirely at least two days per week. Incredibly freeing...  … There's a party at PBA! Fans storm the court following #Huskers upset win over No. 14 Minnesota.   @nbasfuture @DubydatDeal with the slick dance moves in the celebrationpic.twitter.com/GCmuI9lfOD If the political committee that I'm a part of (the NRSC) decides to contribute here, I will no longer be a donor to or fund-raiser for it. … A political party must be about more than expediency. To have any future, a party must have some fundamental convictions and commitments. … This sends a terrible message to victims: “It’s not that the party won't believe you if you come forward. It might. But just doesn't care.” … This is a bad decision and very sad day. I believe the women--and RNC previously did too. What's changed? Or is the party just indifferent? … Elections are not only about the present moment. They are also about who we are as a people and who we want to be in the future. … have said from day one I wouldn't vote for either of them. If you don't reject 2 bad choices now, you won't get better choices in the future … Endorse. … This donation is a bad idea.  It's possible to be against BOTH partial birth abortion AND child molestation. Happily, most Americans are. … second most important religion in our region... … #UnityThroughFootball … IN. … Ouch...the North gets shut out … Ohio State > Alabama After finding the staff asleep, "Then it was Go Time. I got hot on the grill with a bacon cheesesteak. When I was done, I cleaned the grill" … America is already great... … Coach: Mama says Come Home. #gbr #huskers … I can also confirm this would be a great idea. … regardless of whether this is completed on this timeline or not, I want Carol Frost to be our offensive coordinator … “Momma called. And when Momma calls, you just have to come runnin'.” #FrostWatch … Nebraskans believe in football … Note: she was driving back from Colorado   … define "accidentally" … it was a forced apology … he's bad seed … This is beyond nuts. In the U.S. Constitution, there are pretty clearly three - not four - branches of government. … also, the current death count is likely >250K … Reminders *Assad has used WMD on his people *Russia props up this despot *1/2 of Syria’s 21M ppl have been displaced … Jeff Bezos attributes his success to working on a ranch as a kid. … Georgia coach went full matrix.  I am impressed.  #UGAvsGTpic.twitter.com/beyjZbqPGO punter Sam Koch is a top 20 quarterback in this league … Little-known fact: Hans was my uncle on my mother's side … Stay off Twitter. … until the #Huskers have a football coach, none of us should be shaving … I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!  … the "beard" started at Friday's game in Lincoln & I'm not shaving until the @Huskers name a new coach. Hey, Moos, hurry up … TBH, am not as good with collages as i wish … many people, the best people, are saying this  … Confirmed. … tough day for 'Bama sports … hard to believe Auburn has two losses America … Incomplete (Note: I made a Twitter joke about Nick Saban but my 'Bama wife didn't think it was funny. So I've decided to...shut my piehole & delete it) .@Coach_Riley Thanks for the character you always showed. May more young men have the opportunity to learn from men like you. #huskers just heard a group of Nebraska fans apologizing to a large group of Iowa fans--that we couldn't give them a better game.  Ouch. Never a doubt … Headline of the day... #GBR … The moon is so glorious over the stadium tonight. #TheBrightSideOfLifepic.twitter.com/ATBxcTBNUZ My bad, Mrs. Johnson … the unspeakable level of dust on your never-opened books? … behind the baddest smashmouth O-line ever assembled … option … #dreams … Get off my lawn, Mitchell … Why would I know? … Go big red! … .@BenSasse is living his best life now. … Tenawesome. You are The Choicerer today....   … … DEAL, IT HAS BEEN DECIDED … One modification --again, you're heavily favored: Instead of the temp tattoo, you have to shave an N in the hair on side o your head. Deal? … it was 5 mile #NeverMetric … Simpler version: you expect Iowa to lose … Schumer was basically the uncle at Thanksgiving dinner that wouldn't stop talking about politics... … fyi, 1979-1982 … Okay this is pretty great... … So given that you're big favorites again, you're re-upping your bet to get a Herbie Husker tattoo if we pull the upset? … #truth … FEED. THAT. MAN!!!! I hope he goes for 500 this week … Unsubscribe. … Yo Iowa- Check it out: We're #1.  Eat our dust. Prolly the best indicator of what's going to happen this afternoon... … large crowds singing together are a little picture of heaven … #MissionAccomplished  … Family is singing & my wife is trying to play this on the flute. Beautiful sentiment, beautiful lyrics (...but she's not that good on flute) … "We all do extol Thee &pray Thou still our Defender will be; Let Thy congregation escape tribulation Thy Name be ever praised! Make us free" … "We gather together to ask the Lord’s blessing He chastens&hastens His will to make known.. Sing praises to His Name He forgets not His own" Who do you think won the race? @ Fremont, Nebraska   I were. … Turkey Trot! Today we give thanks that our country was based on the premise of religious liberty. Happy Thanksgiving.pic.twitter.com/x3aEaFDWvR Love this graphic. But am confused about Nevada... Swiss banks? … #ThanksNAFTApic.twitter.com/dMF8pvMUvd Nothing to Envy made a profound impact on me, as an American, and a human. It's an incredible book. You'll wish every American family could host a North Korean dissident today -- offering a hug, a hot shower, and a warm Thanksgiving feast. … I'd also recommend The Impossible State: North Korea, Past and Future, by Victor Cha. … if you're interested in understanding more about N.Korea's concentration camps, it's worth reading: *Escape from Camp 14, & *Nothing to Envy  … ...or even if you're not in Congress … #LoveYourPassion  … seems like this needs more context … #ToughButFair  … My 6-yr-old and I just played catch by the river until we finally lost the ball in the dark...but yeah, "boring"  … Not anymore … Kids, listen to Coach Mike: elope. … Great day? Or greatest day?pic.twitter.com/WCcd1oLqho .@nytdavidbrooks pitches technology as 'an efficiency device, to free us up for deeper, offline activity.' That's a bit like @BenSasse describes politics, as 'an essential institution for neighborly flourishing, far too boring to be made paramount.' … tough but fair … we live in a very confused time … maybe it's time to just admit we're out of news … ....with apologies to @WklySubstandard for cribbing your listicle shtick … .@JonahNRO Let's rank Thanksgiving food for the next Remnant. Best: 1. corn 2. bourbon 3. potatoes, mashed 4. potatoes, sweet 5. pumpkin pie 100yr/old Lillian, who's outlived her 106y/o hubby & 2 of her sons, still lives independently! An honor to deliver her @_MealsOnWheels todaypic.twitter.com/KtQqz2RUZQ "He wanted time; she wanted money. They spent both of them apart." - @drewholcomb wow … Cocaine's a hell of a drug … Corn.  And dentistry. … "Canada & Mexico have been the biggest customers of U.S. farm commodities, with Ag exports more than quadrupling..." … take your kids on a tour of a plastics line if you get the chance … "I didn't want to stiff people who never stiffed me," Vick told ESPN. …    If you like this minute sound bite from @BenSasse, get his book The Vanishing American Adult. Favorite thing I’ve read this year. … Here’s the video of his full speech:  Unexpected press gaggle with @BenSasse at #CelebrateTheFamily. I was late to the party. #iapoliticspic.twitter.com/J0miiQNsCh Here's my and @kovanderhart's summary of what @BenSasse said last night at #CelebrateTheFamily and the video of his full remarks. #iapolitics #TCOT  …pic.twitter.com/kbA34RQNWX “To be a good Christian, you’re obligated to be on guard against political idolatry because politics isn’t the center of any our lives.” - @BenSasse last night in Iowa "Harvest is done. The whole family is home. Everyone's healthy. There's no one on earth I'd change places with." -farmer at church this morn  … “Friends, there is no politician who’s going to save America,” @BenSasse says in Iowa:  my son has watched this 31 times in a row on the drive home from hunting tonight...cackle-laughing every time … & our "happiness? It spikes every time she looks at me & I remember the magic day we met." (Arthur Brooks can write) … Two minutes till dusk. #TheDeerWinAgainpic.twitter.com/EA93gBZMmZ haha Barkley is going to get tired from all the sprinting very bad coaching Touchdown #Huskers!!!  Devine Ozigbo dives in for the score and NU leads 10-7:  pic.twitter.com/mn0Br44NOz Here we goooooo pic.twitter.com/si7ct0vMXt sounds right …  GAMEDAY   #GBRpic.twitter.com/HGQsNjqOTp If you need a hard laugh, watch till second 12. (You'll then watch it again) … Me, thinking I’m ready for whatever the hell this surely ridiculous season is going to throw at my face.pic.twitter.com/TifrHa33Pc (There's a Kate McKinnon line about "wasn't my worst Wedn night" that seems relevant, but I don't think I'm supposed to repeat it) … some people are apparently very bored … Conversely, in 2002, only 5% of our jobs required high digital skills.  Today, 23% do - and the curve is arcing higher. … 2002: 56% of U.S. jobs demanded low/no digital skills.  Today: only 30% of U.S. jobs demand low/no digital skills. … Yes! (Did you see it too? Terminal C) … Here's the video:    … Wow. Just saw a 50yr-old woman in the airport completely decleat a 30yr-old woman with her roller bag. Laid her out. #KeepYourHeadOnaSwivel Thanks to the folks now sending me photos of your deer....(I think)pic.twitter.com/5buIzB2wsl Text from my mom: "I'm waiting for Dad. Dark now. He left with tractor to pull in his deer. Big buck. But most horns broken So he is bummed" Live shot of @BenSasse watching the Nebraska defense.pic.twitter.com/eTGrmAmjCN 409 yards Not now.  Watching football... … amid ugly football, something to celebrate: Thanks, high school kids, for helping to feed the world. #BreadBasket … These high school kids just finished #Harvest17 at more than 200,000 bushels & >11 million pounds of grain. Wow...pic.twitter.com/BkYdaYjIv1 Pretty sick of seeing the ZR with no on outside alley. If Kalu is on a stunt getting down to mesh, Dismuke has outside alley. If Dismuke has inside fit, then Kalu has outside. Both take inside on that TD. My wife just announced that smells make her angry.  Kids now looking at each other like they'd best not speak or move for two hours. (smart) So Lil' Freakshow (the one without the leaf) turns in another P.R. in the half   Go Alex!   Same … Was talking w someone today—a point in @BenSasse's book I missed when reading—community structure dissolving has left people seeking that same community, love, acceptance in the wrong places—like political tribes. Recommend making the trip in a '95 Fleetwood Southwind RV … Breaking: Millennials love avocados...and free trade. … (checking the rules...) … playoff football in November -- Thing of beauty. … Actually, no. The American Constitution is premised on an idea politics - of universal human dignity. … Like I said, we have a media system and a culture designed to be manipulated--particularly by groups who measure their ROI in chaos and conflict. … Everyone should read this... … wut?  … 100 years ago the Bolshevik revolution launched a Communist totalitarianism that murdered tens of millions & enslaved hundreds of millions. um i didn't mean it like that … not tonight … #OnlyChiliPeppers … Hold me closer... Count the headlights on the highway  Lay me down in sheets of linen  You had a busy day today … "Great teachers don't try to be the exclusive center of life, but rather instrumental servants of a larger life." @BenSasse I'll have a word with those people … #LoveYourPassion … The future is likely to have more conspiracy theories than the past. And foreign intelligence services will actively exploit our nuts. … Have been off Twitter for a few days... This 280 character deal is not progress. Feels like the mid-1980s againpic.twitter.com/cIl2IBHCfe Amen. Being pro-life means being pro-adoption. Congress must remember this as we work through the details of tax reform in the coming weeks. … "I get that they're insecure but I wish high schoolers understood that peer validation is the lowest form of compliment" -a teacher just now Best sports prediction ever?   @BenReiter said, in '14 after 2 100-loss years, Astros would win in '17.  Springer, on cover, wins WS MVP?pic.twitter.com/jMs8KpPRwq Setting a #worldseries record is cool -- but doing it by striking out 17x... Ouch. Congrats, Stros. Periodic reminder - that the Pirates haven't been in the #worldseries since Carter still had a shot at reelection. cc: @jameswegmann Vin Scully tattoo at Dodger Stadium tonight.pic.twitter.com/UgdgLPIP09 #Turner … That’s Nebraska. … Still can't believe this is Turner's real facepic.twitter.com/9QOJElxpLt Fortunately twitter is not very representative of real humans … CIA releases documents from raid on Osama bin Laden, who was also a fan of viral YouTube videos.pic.twitter.com/9Duf1AXrBE Community … what is it about "volunteered" that confuses you? … Kershaw's batting wind-up is slightly less weird than his pitching wind-up (just fyi, recruits:  @Huskervball gets by far the biggest crowds) … The #B1G is pretty solid at volleyball... … Here's a story on it...   … … More than 35 farmers showed up to help harvest 600 acres for the family of a Nebr. man who died in a motorcycle crash. beautiful #neighborspic.twitter.com/bktFGDp2k5 in case you wondered  … thank you, Sten Gustafson … First the Huskers. Now my marriage. Why do you ruin everything good and beautiful? … sry I was bored That hurt Stop. This isn't over … (still don't like it)  … BREAKING over/under is 11 HRs tonight. 1. You should talk nicer. 2. It's almost 9pm, and it's game 7. 3. All of our job is to celebrate the natl pastime now. #unity  … we're 7 games into this...and I'm still confused every opening pitch about how we have two Natl League teams in the same #worldseries same … Am doing Nebr talk radio, and host is asking this new Q: "Senator, what can you do to protect us if hackers turn sex-bots into naggy-bots?" Here's what Hal McRae thinks of your replays.pic.twitter.com/3XDth4gS7c As I’ve said repeatedly, Russia is no friend to the United States and we must continue to pursue the truth in these investigations wherever it may lead. More broadly, we need to vigorously defend our interests at home and abroad against Russian influence and aggression. Still true. … And now we just tied the all-time World Series HR record -- at 21 (and we're only in Game 5) … Prediction: we'll see another tie. Altuve's story never gets old.  Tried out for Astros. Was asked not to come back.  Came back. Signed for $15K.  Just did THAT. Tie again. 3-run, 3-run, 3-run... Yuli Gurriel knew it  pic.twitter.com/RLilKoLzBi Bye bye Lee over 400 yards passing for the first time this season. #Huskers Now you can attack the middle of the field. Plenty of time. a thing of beauty … "Tech changes...reducing the transaction costs [of] contracting out job tasks...& thus supporting the disintermediation of work." (page 23) … another summary: … "94% of net job growth" in the US in thelast ten years is in the alternative/flex categories. … #LoveYourPassion … more detail on it … 43% reduction in twenty-five yrs … Let's google to check.... and uh...oops, national politician Tom Perez fails the seventh grade. … doubtful … "If you define yourself as a victim, you can never be free." … "The average person has 237 facebook friends. When asked how many they could count on in an emergency, the average person says 2." … "Today in America, everyone prefers pluribus to unum." … "We are seeing the emergence of a politics of competitive victimhood." -Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks at #AEI annual dinner (not gonna lie -- he's 3 for 3 here) … fella just called to confess he did it. Said the profile photo has me with a mullet & tagline: "I like to eat Mac-n-Cheese & talk abt Jesus" … Ill take credit for Nickelback newsletters but not this. Id be curious how Nickelback fans do on Farmers Only though … To whoever spent your Sunday signing me up for dating websites: Thanks, but no thx. (I checked with my wife, and she says we're still good.) Congrats Stros even in Houston?  … The World Series is set. G-night, y'all. "The Lord hath promised good to me,   His word my hope secures; He will my shield and portion be As long as life endures." … "When we’ve been there ten thousand years, Bright shining as the sun, We’ve no less days to sing God’s praise Than when we first begun." truly sad … By the way, we're talking about Sunday here... (You can be free from politics.) … Christians: Are we really this ignorant of the Scriptures?  "Jesus answered, 'My Kingdom is not of this world.'" -John 18:36 … you just crossed the streams … Lamar Jackson> your QB  … my bad … starting to feel like a conspiracy … This is wrong … This is from a "think" tank, by the way ..because this last thing you shld ever do is criticize "your side"--or engage competing views. (Sheesh. This is how a republic dies, btw) … correct … Indiana. … this was supposed to be classified. Enough with the leaks already … chic-fil-i erimus … a lot of tough kids grinded through yesterday in Kearney. Here's hoping he's feeling better today … so fast, so furious … gorgeous harvest eveningpic.twitter.com/GZKYWw3C49 Distance races make me cry (even as a spectator) @ Kearney, Nebraska   guilty … word pie … "No democracy pretends to be a tyranny. Most tyrannies pretend they are democracies." … more great GWB: "Too often, we judge other groups by their worst examples while judging ourselves by our best intentions." … No. 11 Nebraska women's rifle team hosts No. 12 Army on Saturday at 8 a.m. #Huskers are 20-16 all time against Army in rifle. To paraphrase Reagan: In a republic, we're always only one generation away from the extinction of liberty. … "And it means that the very identity of our nation depends on the passing of civic ideals to the next generation." -George W. Bush … "It means that bigotry or white supremacy in any form is blasphemy against the American creed." "This means that people of every race, religion, and ethnicity can be fully and equally American. It means that..." "We become the heirs of Martin Luther King by recognizing one another not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character" "...And we become the heirs of James Madison by understanding the genius and values of the U.S. Constitution." "We become the heirs of Thomas Jefferson by accepting the ideal of human dignity found in the Declaration of Independence." "Being an American involves the embrace of high ideals and civic responsibility." "Our identity as a nation – unlike many other nations – is not determined by geography or ethnicity, by soil or blood." Patriotic Americans -- regardless of party -- should read today's important speech by George W. Bush. … Now that we’ve got your attention with Dr Pepper, let’s not forget the real substance from today’s hearing.pic.twitter.com/rvSmohvnnh Sasse: Omaha VA's refusal to answer questions 'unacceptable'   …pic.twitter.com/z50wkjmRbY so i found "rafael" in here but haven't decoded "grassy knoll" yet … full disclosure:  i was wearing my "Lee Harvey Oswald Was Framed" t-shirt …  … hmm. “Accidentally,” @BenSasse? … No comment … on behalf of students everywhere, thank you Opossums … better coworkers, tbh  … worth a watch with the kids... … I taught him to crossover dribble  … (doesn't seem worth it)  … this musta been when someone left a whoopee cushion in the presiding officer's chair again … Now all the TSA waiting seems worth it...pic.twitter.com/JMDf7nJM3s ...because my son brought medium-sized gourds in his carry-on?? ( seems extreme) … (2 of my 3 kids now apparently travel with seasonal melons...) … 6yr-old: "How come we never get to do the jump? Delta is no fun."pic.twitter.com/n32H9hbmUd (finally cleared security, after third melon screening)...  Me: why are you bringing gourds to DC this week? 6-yr: It's fall, Dad. … waiting for extra TSA screening... Me: Why are they searching your stuff? My 6yr-old: Dunno Me: Bring anything new? 6: Think it's my gourds? Student section still lit #GBR #Huskers #boneyardpic.twitter.com/WWzUXJYSeJ Play of the game so far Rob: Thanks again for your pledge--since you're 24-pt favorites--that you'll get a #Huskers tattoo on your neck if we pull the upset. #GBR … ...asking the beaver about his eligibility now  … Local beaver takes sixth tree in five weeks.  (Is there an instagram emoji for sad landscaping…   Engaged parents should call the school district with the clear message: Our kids are tough enough to read a real book. … This is a terrible decision. It's one of our few shared stories -- in a nation with far too few shared stories right now. … quote... "Dad: Am I allowed to skateboard with a BB gun yet?"pic.twitter.com/F8Dl8IvdRf Question for conservatives: What will you wish you had said now if someday a President Elizabeth Warren talks about censoring Fox News? Sorry, Sean -- you changed, not me. Some of us still believe in the Constitution. No President should play with censoring news they dislike. … Mr. President: Are you recanting of the Oath you took on Jan. 20 to preserve, protect, and defend the 1st Amendment?pic.twitter.com/XLB7QXM3bQ ouch … 20 straight runs by Wisconsin. Wisconsin went 10 straight running plays on that scoring drive. Nice tribute to the 97 team by Barry Alvarez's and his boys. Wisconsin marches 80 yards in 10 plays -- all rushes. That's admirable. That's toughness. #Nebraska has held its opponents under 200 yards of offense in back-to-back reg. season games for the 1st time since 2001. #Huskers #GBR this is the biggest @CycloneFB victory since Nov 14, 1992 (cc: Kevin Caldwell) … Overheard on the Iowa State sideline: "WHO'S YOUR DADDY?"pic.twitter.com/THss6sIlIh 5. Can we please get back to football now? 3. This isn't govt's job -- at least not in America. 4. And why are "Equal" and "Time" capitalized? (Feels weirdly Orwellian.) Also... … 1. TV is declining. What do you propose for other forms of media? 2. R & D parties each speak to <25% of America. What about everyone else? … .@JonahNRO promises codpiece stories in the first ten episodes … seems like there are some Seinfeld insights that are relevant here … nonetheless, she says to get off your phone … The woman who just took the seat next to me on this southwest flight is 22 & blonde -- and she insists she's not your mother … "Majoritarianism scares me - that's not what politics is supposed to be about"  —@bensasse  … pic.twitter.com/2mstWhevTu Thread -- worth a read. (Bottom line: yes, the Republican party has big problems with young people) … a black helicopter under every tiki torch? … sorry but the First Amendment does in fact protect jokes from 2007 … welcome to twitter  … What would you do if you only had 41 years left to live? worth two minutes with your kids - on the complexity of ecosystems … Evergreen... … it's my spiritual gift … Some authors try hard to span America’s political divide. Rarely do they succeed  pic.twitter.com/En8KUIK60v that makes two of us … probably top-5 of all the codpiece podcasts in America this week … seems like twitter might be bad for the soul -- so I do occasional twitter-fasts … You're welcome … that Twitter thinks this was translated from German** is a beautiful error...  ** cc: Germans from Russia Museum of Lincoln … dumbest twitter "DO NOT comment on topics my mob defined as most urgent yesterday. Comment ONLY on topic my mob defines as most urgent NOW!" The crisis for these Americans needs more attention--and more urgency from the executive branch. The potable water problems are substantial. … "When you lower barriers between politics & entertainment, you get more politics in entertainment, and also more entertainment in politics." … you likely won't agree with all of this from @JonahNRO -- but well worth the read: … glad the Huskers played well last night.  very glad we're not making Friday games a habit. Fri. nights need to be preserved for high schools … Ozigbo is now running downhill … #LifeHack:  how to save twelve thousand bucks … alternate math...  a nice used pickup ($12,000) per minute … Russell Westbrook's new contract is half-a-million dollars PER GAME   (82 games/season, x5 years = $205M) This is the best we’ve played all year...That’s what I’m talking about! #Huskers #GBR Well deserved, @JordanLarson10  #Huskerspic.twitter.com/QQB1N21rR3 even in Tennessee, I'm pretty sure this is a penalty … five (!) missed tackles on 3rd & 14... Ouch #LoveYourPassion  … I CAN! I SWEAR I ABSOLUTELY CAN. … 1. Y'all are right -- sorry for not threading my tweets better. #RookieError  2. Looks like here’s the whole thread: … my bad... (I learned how to thread tweets on a 1997 Blackberry in kansas) …  … MLK on my side. Moreover, this is the very premise of the Civil Rights movement. (Check out Letter from a Birmingham Jail.) Peace. … 11/11 Get a real job, Clown. Find an actual neighbor to serve. You'll be happier. Have a nice day. … 10/ Your "ideas" aren't just hateful, un-American poison--they're also just so dang boring. The future doesn't belong to your stupid memes. … 9/ Sometime after moving back into your parents' basement, you knock-off Nazis fell in love with reheated 20th century will-to-power garbage … 8/ The celebration of universal dignity IS our culture, & it rejects your "white culture" crybaby politics. It rejects all identity politics … 7/ You talk about culture but don't know squat about western heritage--which sees people not as tribes but as individuals of limitless worth … 6/ This declaration of universal dignity is what America is about. Madison called our Constitution "the greatest reflection on human nature" … 5/ Sadly, you don't understand human dignity. A person's skin, ancestry, and bank balance have nothing to do with their intrinsic value. … 4/ Actually, that's exactly what America declares we do have: People are the image-bearers of God, created with dignity& inalienable rights. … 3/ You don’t get America. You said: “You do not have some human right, some abstract thing given to you by God or something like that.” … 2/ Don’t get me wrong: we’ll always have brown-shirt-pajama-boy Nazis like you & your lonely pals stoking division. But here’s America 101: … 1/ Oh let goobers & nongoobers agree on this: Racists like you are to blame. But Putin's agencies also love using you as their divisive tool … (did my son burp at the table?) … #GoNavy … No one loves American-vs-American fighting more than Putin. His intel agencies stoke both sides of every divide. … .@drimington was named the Big8's offensive player-o-year in '81. He didn't even have an ACL. What's your A.D. done? … Nebraska will retire the jersey of @JordanLarson10 at Friday's intermission vs. Minnesota. … For all its flaws, the Great Flood taught Noah's grandkids the value of boat repair. … "flaws" = approximately 100,000,000 killed by communism last century, half of them in China … a visualization of how so many jobs are going to be disrupted... (Note: technology is causing far more disruption than trade) … Two Republican senators, Rubio & Sasse both calling for more to be done to help Puerto Rico. … The crisis for these Americans needs more attention--and more urgency from the executive branch. The potable water problems are substantial. … This is absolutely true - Trump wins the more divided we become with the constant distractions. … Dude... #LoveYourPassion 100% support the 1st Amendment. But ceding the American flag to Trump as his personal symbol is a bad idea. … I hear you.  (I'm suggesting that much of America might become rather than less divided tomorrow -- The opposite of what protestors intend) … btw, Trump wants you to kneel--because it divides the nation, with him and the flag on the same side. Don't give him the attention he wants. … NFL players: You have the right to protest Trump tmrw. But aren’t there better ways than kneeling before the flag soldiers died to defend? Tough game to watch. Blackshirts stepped up 2nd 1/2. We need to see BIG improvement with QB. Ozigbo = beast mode. #GBR #happyforthewin #workmanlike … (once more) … typical … 3 FOR 3  This is the first time Penn State has been swept at home since 2003.  We'll see you tomorrow, #HuskerNation!pic.twitter.com/UwveUez02q We are an economic & military superpower & trade is an effective weapon. Full statement on new North Korea sanctions: …pic.twitter.com/DhRooapyu9 Nebraska's @BenSasse on NK sanctionspic.twitter.com/razVZOFBtR America is premised on an idea: that we all see ourselves as creedal minorities--who come together to protect each other's right to be wrong … This is much bigger than right vs. left -- as there is clearly rising illiberalism across the political spectrum. … Share it with every teacher you know--and encourage them to teach their students the First Amendment. … This important Brookings study reveals the tragic state of our civic education. Read it and share it... … extraordinary data on the extension of adolescence, especially in the last decade...pic.twitter.com/rSb2KgiNdm Comfort food after the #Huskers game painpic.twitter.com/XxrmmHnJNs #TheGoodLife … to be clear: Although we've had a bunch of kid events in the last 16 yrs, we have absolutely no idea what this means... … Kid at this grocery store: "I gotta go to the bathroom!"  his distracted mom: what?  Kid: "Number 3!!!"  (they both sprinted away...) don't know....seems like I'd have to get carpet on my walls … does it also feel like Frank was going out of his way to do serious product placement for @Honda ? … #TweetOfTheDay (Lawn mowing brings joy to the heart) … good distinctions by Dean Elmendorf *free speech for Manning *education is advanced by debate *Amer. univ's have duty not to honor espionage … By enabling Pyongyang, China invites an arms race in its backyard with near certainty that S.Korea & Japan will develop nuclear capabilities … I'm gonna ballpark the pricetag on Sanders' single-payer plan at 2x the natl debt -- but lots of funny politicians will still call it "free" … What’s the list? People who believe things and don’t like getting hoodwinked? … An important letter  -- and a good reminder that National Security matters and integrity matters. … #ImageOfTheDay … I don’t want to rush to conclusions, but it’s possible that we could use a little more American civics, government, and history in schools. … "I've never had any hobbies,” he said. “My hobby, I always said, was trying to raise a few more bushels of wheat.” … Moving account from @baseballcrank (who worked at WTC) on the pain of #September11 &how our feedom is best expressed … the digital economy doing some good … perhaps we need to grapple with the fact that democracy just might not work out … "To repeat, do not shoot your guns at the hurricane." … With this story, have we finally reached peak Florida man? … It's against the rules (and morals) … Pee outside -- and keep watching the game … That's how you beat a corner blitz! I love when he does that  #huskers #gbr How misleading! That's from when he lost a bet and had to wear Hawkeye stuff earlier this year. good words from Princeton's president... … Oregon's stadium is probably gonna look like Notre Dame in 2000... #AlmostaHomeGame … Our people are not really this fragile. Being able to engage in debate with different ideas is a prerequisite for a republic to endure. … note: This is at a university that once (rightly) prided itself on "vigorous discussion and debate." … We shouldn’t do this. It is stealing from our kids and grandkids. … sad reality Each time we raise debt ceiling w/o any structural reform, we're transferring wealth from future gens to fund present consumpt'n … I don't make decisions based on polling. I vote based on the long-term. Our long-term: we’re on a fiscal path that is unsustainable.. (1of3) … 