Dawn Pettengill & Speaker Linda Upmeyer in town w the American Legislative Exchange Council  … Iowans w Northwestern Mutual  … Abt 20 of my cmte investigators are tracking down all allegations/leads & talking to all witnesses & gathering all evidence. We have experienced fed agents on detail from ATF+ICE along w seasoned congressional investigators from my nominations & oversight teams +temp SCOTUS staff Met with delegation from Taiwan on way to Iowa to buy additional soybeans. Thanks for being a strong partner on trade + security + human rights  … On behalf of Judic Cmte Rs a staff counsel w expertise prosecuting sex crimes will question Dr. Ford &Judge Kavanaugh. Why? to DE-POLITICIZE the hrg What we dont want is repeat of Dem grandstanding at Kavanaugh hrg This hrg deserves a serious approach, I hope my colleagues agree Judic Cmte noticed POTENTIAL exec mtg for Friday. Still taking this 1 step at a time. After hrg Dr Ford & Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony- if we‘re ready to vote, we will vote. If we aren’t ready, we won’t. Cmte rules normally require 3 days notice so we‘re following regular order Q&A w the Iowa Association of Electric Cooperatives issues: farm bill retirement security ethanol etc  … Congratulations to Principal Ryan Dumkrieger of North HS in Sioux City for being named the 2018 Iowa Secondary Principal of the Year  … Robert Levis from AmeriCorps in Vinton  … Wk 19 #cornwatch Pic 1- ears of corn to feed the squirrels in the winter Pic 2- evidence of deer feasting on abundant corn crop farmers do not get paid for sustaining the deer Pic 3-…  … With all the extensions we give Dr Ford to decide if she still wants to testify to the Senate I feel like I’m playing 2nd trombone in the judiciary orchestra and Schumer is the conductor Judge Kavanaugh I just granted another extension to Dr Ford to decide if she wants to proceed w the statement she made last week to testify to the senate  She shld decide so we can move on  I want to hear her.  I hope u understand.  It’s not my normal approach to b indecisive Five times now we hv granted extension for Dr Ford to decide if she wants to proceed w her desire stated one wk ago that she wants to tell senate her story  Dr Ford if u changed ur mind say so so we can move on I want to hear ur testimony. Come to us or we to u Learned Dr Ford’s identity from WaPo on Sunday Confidentiality no longer relevant As cmte investigators gather facts senators deserve opportunity 2read UNREDACTED letter given 2 Sen Feinstein on July 30 Havnt seen unredactd ltr myself! It’s not secret Release letter Sen Feinstein The Riker’s from Sergeant Bluff  … Cmte investigators are following up on the leads from Dr. Ford’s allegations & news stories No other OUTSIDE investigation is necessary for the Cmte to do its investigation. Don’t know why Dems are refusing to cooperate in the cmte’s investigation I hope Dems will join me 4/4 If Senate Dems think they need the FBI to investigate, why didn’t they alert the FBI on July 30? As soon as I learned of the allegations from the Washington Post on Sunday I moved swiftly to follow up on Dr. Ford’s allegations As the FBI has said its role here is complete 3/4 We’re going to continue to try to hear from Dr. Ford in any format she's comfortable w open session/closed session/private staff interviews/public staff interviews bc her information is very important. We’ve provided an opportunity for her to put her story fwd on Monday 2/4 Dr. Ford shouldn’t be threatened or insulted & she deserves to be heard. I expect my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to be respectful & treat this situation with the sensitivity it deserves 1/4 The Hance & Parmenter families from Marion & Elkhart  … Wk 18 #Cornwatch   I saw harvesting of corn for first time this yr  not on Grassley land but north of marshalltown. So I expect our corn harvest will begin in abt 8 days ALERT U can watch “ Mountain Man” on History Channel NOW. BIG DEAL !!!!!! This morning I spoke to several hundred attendees at the Family Leadership Summit in Des Moines. Thx to their org for defending freedom/family. They also recognized me for my leadership.  … Toured Bob Brown Chevrolet in Urbandale  … Jill Heller & Kellie Vinchattlie are preschool teachers in Council Bluffs.  … Met these Mason City teachers at Johnny’s Steakhouse in DSM last night.  They asked me to continue to support education.  … Hearing rumors my bipartisan Durbin/Grassley legis to make drug companies list prices on TV ads is out of spending bill It is EMBARRASSING to bow to BIG PHARMA at expense of consumers Policy is supported by Pres Trump+AARP+Dem&GOP Sens If we can agree why are lobbyists fighting? 2day we passed legis I cosponsored to require all Senate campaigns to file finances electronically w the FEC to make them searchable & available quicker vs paper Good news for transparency+accountability I was 1st Iowa Sen candidate in history to file online voluntarily in 2016 Thx to Growth Energy for giving me the 2018 Fueling Growth Award. Ethanol is good good good!  … It had been a long time since I’d seen Tom Harkin. He & I ran into each other for a friendly mtg, reminiscent of the 30 yrs he served Iowa w me in the Senate.  … Spoke on payment limits, farm bill & trade to the National Farmers Union  … Met w members of the Polk County Medical Society  … Brad & Carol Whitmore from the Iowa VFW  … Met w the Iowa Pork Producers Association to talk trade immigration & vaccine bank in farm bill  … 4th grade students at Ankeny Christian are studying govt & preparing for a quiz on who represents Iowa in the US Senate. I got to show them their senators are real ppl, not just in their…  … My advisor 4 Agriculture/trade &energy Andrew Brandt 2day given 2018 Friend of Iowa Corn Award fr Iowa Corn Growers,  presented by Kevin Studer, for outstanding work 4 Iowa farmers…  … Had a friendly mtg at the Des Moines airport w Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller  … Good to be in studio w Stacey & Steve to tape KCCI’s Close Up program airing this Sunday at 1030am Issues: Kavanaugh tariffs criminal justice reform etc.  … Q&A w students at Ankeny Christian Academy Qs on my schedule Kavanaugh Hearing branches of govt etc #99countymeetings  … #99countymeetings  … On 9/11 we remember the approx 3000 ppl who were killed 17 yrs ago bc of the hatred of some on this globe towards America A lot of 1st responders gave their lives in an effort to save many & our hearts go out to the families of first responders + to all those who lost a loved one 2day I held my 99th county mtg in Osceola completing my 38th yr of #99countymeetings At least 1 Q&A in every county every year Representative govt is a 2way street I’m 1/2 of process Email postal mail call face2face etc so Iowans can keep in touch w me + More Q&As to come this yr It’s tradition. DQ blizzard in celebration of my 38th consecutive yr of #99countymeetings 99th county was a town mtg in Osceola  … Thx to Winn’s in Indianola for gr8 dinner & service #99countymeetings  … Osceola TM 132ppl issues: strong pro & anti Kavanaugh views expressed Tariffs Pres Trump water quality criminal justice reform antitrust/mergers 340b tax cuts campaign spending etc #99countymeetings Clarke County Town Mtg in Osceola 132ppl #99countymeetings  … Q&A w grades 9-12 at Mt Ayr HS issues: Kavanaugh Hearing favorite memories difficulties of being a senator tariffs cmte assignments etc #99countymeetings  … 20ppl Creston Rotary Club issues: farm bill natl debt NAFTA 340b social security judges etc #99countymeetings  … Q&A w Southwest Iowa Planning Council in Atlantic 27ppl issues: housing infrastructure tariffs affecting agriculture child care welfare reform Farm Bill Kavanaugh etc #99countymeetings  … Wk 17 #cornwatch featuring another important Iowa crop, soybeans. this picture shows the gamble of farming. 7 inches of rain did this jeopardizing a whole year of labor/investment. This…  … Marsha & Bob White’s son, Adam, is testifying before the Senate Judiciary Cmte’s Supreme Court Hearing for Judge Kavanaugh today. The White’s live in Bettendorf. Adam is a scholar at…  … Judicial record=best way to evaluate a judge Judge Kavanaugh is superbly qualified 12 yrs on DC Circuit 307 opinions & respect for judicial independence Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated his good character + command of the law in 32.5 hrs before the Senate Judiciary Cmte over the last 3 days CJ Williams received approval of the US Senate 79-12 to be a district judge for the northern district of Iowa Congratulations to an outstanding lawyer Introduced Judge Kavanaugh to Barbara before my 2nd day of chairing his Supreme Court hearing  … A big thx to Sen. Ernst for her constant support & for this ICE CREAM cake during this wk’s Supreme Court nomination hearing  … Glad to have Sen Kyl back in the Senate His dad was Cong Kyl from Iowa for abt 10 yrs so Jon grew up in Bloomfield IA He’s a strong voice on America’s global leadership He was a very good colleague on the judiciary cmte + we did a lot of good work 2gether Talked w Iowans this morning at Sen. Ernst’s constituent coffee  … Welcomed Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh this morning before the first day of his hearing. Tomorrow the judge will answer questions about his judicial record & superb…  … So...Obama’s going on campaign trail to alert ppl of trend toward authoritarianism/a hit on Trump   That’s easy for Trump to counter. No President can be autocratic when u share Constitutional power w Congress&Court@real Donald Trump give it to Obama Watch me tonight at 6 central time on Fox News with Martha MacCallum for a preview of this week’s Supreme Court nomination hearing with Judge Kavanaugh  … Wk 16 #cornwatch Abt 3 wks away from beginning harvest. Observe more of stalk browning & what u can’t see is ear of corn continuing to dry  Word from my farmer son Robin ”machinery for…  … Met the Frakes & Mullen sisters at UNI volleyball vs Washington State  … Washington St win match over UNI 3/1 First set Washington St 25 UNI 23.  Second set UNI 25 Washington St 19 #realhistorychannel gravesite of James Brownell the first fallen soldier in the Civil War from Black Hawk Co. More than 76,000 Iowans served in the Union Army  … Fred Schuster has served the people of Iowa for 28yrs as a member of my staff. Today we wished him well in retirement. Thx for your service Fred  … 36ppl Q&A C&C Cycle in Chariton issues: social security SCOTUS oversight regs Mueller CMS bipartisanship etc #99countymeetings  … Enjoyed food & service at Chariton Hyvee Market Grille. Randy Lenger is the GM  … Tour + Q&A at Superior Machine in Albia issues: health care tariffs farm bill SCOTUS immigration welfare reform workforce shortage #99countymeetings Tour + Q&A at Hill Pheonix in Centerville 15ppl issues: immigration tariffs bipartisanship Sen. McCain tax bill etc #99countymeetings  … 38 students at Wayne High School in Corydon issues: my schedule interest in politics education natl debt tariffs SCOTUS etc #99countymeetings  … Tour + Q&A at Decatur County Hospital in Leon issues: SCOTUS rural health care term limits regs on hospitals etc #99countymeetings  … Set three Iowa st 32 UNI 30. Iowa st match winner U kno I like HISTORY & UNI vb Well 2night UNI vb had their 1st sell out in HISTORY gr8 fans 2night in the McLeod Center Set two Iowa St 25 UNI 20 UNI ranked 17 nationally Set one Iowa St 25 UNI 20 First home volleyball.  UNI v Iowa St starts five min.  I’m ready to reporti At the time of our marriage, I attended New Hartford Baptist & Barbara attended Church of the Brethren. So, on Aug 29-one wk after our wedding, we decided to seek a “neutral” place of…  … The Schulz family from Independence. Zach answers the phones when Iowans call my DC office.  … Earlier today I was interviewed by Dana Perino on Fox News to talk about  Sen. McCain’s legacy & Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing next wk  … My staff has completed review of 430k plus pages of Kavanaugh records I assume democrats have done the same so they are ready for his hearing next wk 430k pages of docs are 2x more than any other SCOTUS nom Adam & Lyssa Kuhl from Carlisle  … Sen. McCain would always greet me w a lighthearted comment about having drank his daily glass of ethanol. Iowans heard it firsthand in 2013 while visiting the Capitol when they got an…  … John McCain & I served together in the United States Senate for 32 years. His tenacity & courage, including in Vietnam as a POW for 6 years- won’t be forgotten. I join the nation tonight in honoring Sen McCain’s life and legacy of service Wk 15 #cornwatch Ear pointing up still not totally mature husk still tight and green.  Ear with brown husk pointing down husk loosening up so ear can air dry before harvest.  Harvest still…  … Thx to admin for leadership … Nice ppl at Hickory House presented us w cake to celebrate 64 years of marriage  … Hickory House in Waterloo is where we ate when we courted We come here to celebrate our marriage This time it’s 64th Aug 22 is real date  … 200k pages of Kavanaughs govt work r now public Thats new record for public docs in SCOTUS confirmation HISTORY My staff will finish reviewing all docs received well ahead of public hearing Sept4 /Thats TRANSPARENCY Sorry 2 hear Sen McCain is discontinuing further medical treatment But it shows his continued bravery similar to what he showed as a navy officer & during the hard battles of the US Senate U hv heard Demo criticism of keeping Kavanaugh documents fr Senators  The Majority will not We hv set up more terminals  One complaining Dem asked to be helped 1030 2day  My staff wasted 2hrs for NoShow Senator/Makes complaints abt”SECRACY”ring hollow Maybe a new day in Congress? This wk Senate passed Labor/HHS + defense appropriation bills Havent passed a Labor/HHS approps bill since ‘07 & Since ‘97 Congress hasn’t passd more than a 3rd of its regular 12 approps bills on time So hopefully this is end of continuing res/omnibus Encouraged by the leadership shown 2day by @realDonaldTrump to make prison & sentencing reform a priority soon after the election. Americans strongly support these fixes but previous administrations haven’t been able to deliver. I believe this one will Durbin-Grassley amendment passes Senate to help corral BigPharma in this Approps bill Our common sense approach will help bring more consumer transparency to drug prices $$ The stars r aligned to do something abt drug prices   Durbin/Grassley/chairman Alexander/Secy of HHS Azar for Trump  We shld not let this Approps bill out of Senate wo Durbin’s amend w it’s strong support  BigPharma has to be corralled I should b more precise @POTUS shld read YESTERDAY’s WSJ article by Gerald Seib pg4. Good advice to strengthen his presidency Sorry 4 the mistake will somebody at the WH ask @POTUS to read Gerald Seib’s WSJ article on pg4 2day? good advice to strengthen his presidency The wedding was at 2pm, Barbara got there at 215. Worth the wait. Here we are 64yrs later. Happy anniversary Mrs G  … Thx Pres Trump for approving fed disaster declaration for 30 Iowa counties Earlier this month I joined Iowa delegation in letter supporting Gov Reynolds request for fed govt to recognize damage from June+July storms/winds/flooding Fed $ will help local communities recover+rebuild The Stoll’s from Coralville and the Schulte’s from Manchester  … SenSchumer, as chair I welcome any senator 2 stop by judic cmte any day (& nite) incl wknds 2 review cmte conf docs A desk is waiting +there r the hundreds of thousands docs already avail w/ more all the time Is nom now under consideration or is vote still pre-determined NO? Leonard Boswell served his country with honor & tremendous success in the Army, the Statehouse + the Congress His generous & friendly nature was distinctive He will be missed. Barbara & I share our condolences w Congressman Boswell’s family Wk 14 #cornwatch kernel on ear fully dented. 40 days until complete maturity. As ear of corn reaches maturity the stalk starts to turn brown. Stalk is of lesser importance to grain until…  … Congratulations to my friend Sid Morris for being honored as Iowan of the Day. A retired outstanding educator who has made a career of honoring Korean veterans It’s appropriate that he receives 2day’s recognition Q&A w the Iowa League of Cities in Altoona  … 2/2 Pres Trump wants something done on prison/crim justice reform. So do I. will b important BIPARTISAN win for country, something many hv tried 2 accomplish for yrs. AG Sessions surely needs to support POTUS’ policy priorities, otherwise he’s UNDERMINING @realDonaldTrump As @realDonaldTrump said he’s working very hard w the Senate to refine a criminal justice reform proposal that we can pass into law. Pres Trump & I are very tough on crime. Also want to “treat our Americans fairly” 1/2 Want 2 know the best way 2 evaluate a justice? Ask Sen Schumer “everybody knows” a judge’s record on the bench “is the best way to evaluate a nominee” Good thing Kavanaugh has 12yrs of judic opinions Let’s stop the fishing expedition+review the relevant record ahead of Sept 4 hrg ATTN CAPITOL JOURNALISTS: nxt time a sen says they want millions &millions of irrelevant Judge Kavanaugh staff sec docs I encourage u to ask why they didn’t want Justice Kagan’s VERY relevant Solicitor Gen docs? Reason is of course some exec branch docs are too sensitive 2 share Met Amanda Burke from Washington, Allyson Wilson & Amy Klein from Forest City at Sen. Ernst’s constituent coffee  … Nick Howell & Susan Hayhurst from Urbandale  … Lara & Lisa Thorgaard from Ames  … Iowans who want to learn from the #realhistorychannel @iowastatefair should go see my car phone from 1983 in the Telephone Museum. I was one of the 1st senators to have one to better…  … 20 #99countymeetings in 8 days Q&As=Iowans set the agenda Dialogue is necessary 2make representative govt work Top issues: tariffs ethanol SCOTUS immigration FarmBill etc Now back 2 DC for votes VOTING IN AUG IS NEEDED BC OF BACKLOG/ESP 47 JUDGES awaiting Senate confirmation Q&A at Marion Co Extension Office in Knoxville issues: Knoxville VA facility tariffs SCOTUS farm bill workforce immigration etc #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A at PPI in Lenox 16ppl issues: DACA tariffs mental health bipartisanship etc #99countymeetings  … Q&A in Stuart 20ppl issues: SCOTUS bipartisanship ELD mandate tariffs health care tort reform criminal justice reform etc #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A w employees at American Athletic in Jefferson issues: social security health care bipartisanship college tuition etc #99countymeetings  … Wk 13 #cornwatch ear of corn getting bigger. At the top of the ear some kernels are dented. Next wk all will be dented & from then it’s an average of 40 days to corn maturity  … Great day for the Iowa State Fair  … Enjoying ice cream at the Fair with Iowa Select Farms employees  … Celebrated 4-H day at the Iowa State Fair by thanking volunteers  … Barbara & I are proud to serve again as honorary co-chairs of the Prevent Cancer Foundation Screening and Education booth at the Iowa State Fair  … Wishing a happy 100th bday to the historic First Army, HQ at Rock Island Arsenal. We are thankful for your contributions to our state and country and wish you 100+ more years of service and success World famous butter cow & butter sculpture of Waterloo Boy John Deere on its 100 yr anniversary of John Deere buying Waterloo Boy  … Itty Bitty is this year’s biggest boar at the Iowa State Fair. From West Delaware FFA 1163 lbs  … 91ppl Corning TM issues: CRP trade natl debt Kavanaugh/SCOTUS central state pensions tariffs VA Accountability Act judges 2nd Amendment Immigration public health etc #99countymeetings Annual Adams County Town Mtg #99countymeetings  … Q&A at United Farmers Coop in Red Oak issues: crop insurance trade ethanol SCOTUS livestock regs natl debt etc #99countymeetings  … After Q&A w 23ppl in Shenandoah on ethanol immigration antitrust Farm Bill infrastructure SCOTUS etc I met w local media from Page Co #99countymeetings  … 24ppl Q&A at Fremont Co. Law Enforcement Center in Sidney issues: trade infrastructure food safety Missouri River etc #99countymeetings  … 38ppl Q&A at AgriVision Equipment in Pacific Junction issues: steel tariffs trade ethanol SCOTUS Farm Bill health care infrastructure etc #99countymeetings  … Joined United Ways of Iowa in packing backpacks of school supplies for students in Oskaloosa. Then had a Q&A on SNAP homelessness Farm Bill etc #99countymeetings  … 13yrs ago I worked to help pass the Renewable Fuels Standard. Rural America/farmers/the country’s national security are all better off for it I’ll take homegrown ETHANOL over foreign oil any day It was my privilege to attend the City of Cedar Rapids celebration lunch for the $117 million of federal funding for their flood control system. Truly a team effort & a big accomplishment…  … Once again I had the opportunity to spend time in Newbo. Very vibrant revitalization after destructive flooding 10 yrs ago. Be sure to visit Czech Village/Newbo neighborhoods next time…  … Q&A w Parkersburg Rotary Club issues: trade Mueller infrastructure SCOTUS natl debt immigration etc #99countymeetings  … Audubon’s famous Albert the Bull #99countymeetings  … 82ppl Audubon TM issues: CRP Farm Bill ethanol food stamps steel tariffs college affordability ELD mandate trade Ambassador Branstad SCOTUS wind turbines stem cells/FDA etc #99countymeetings Annual Audubon County Town Mtg #99countymeetings  … Q&A w 71 employees at Conductix-Wampfler in Harlan issues: family farms health care trade social security economic development etc #99countymeetings  … Thank God I could enjoy my meatloaf from the counter at the Harlan Hyvee. No market grille. Just like old times. U can always count on seeing a smile in every aisle + good Iowa service Tour/Q&A w 38 employees on the shop floor at Petersen Mfg in Denison issues: health insurance trade taxes social security etc #99countymeetings  … 42ppl at GehlPRO Welding in Carroll issues: steel tariffs ethanol infrastructure trade SCOTUS ag economy etc #99countymeetings  … Barbara represented me tonight while I’m doing my #99countymeetings at the Butler Co Farm Bureau Centennial Celebration w state rep Pat Grassley. We are 62yr Butler Co Farm Bureau members…  … 31ppl Q&A in Estherville issues: immigration workforce health care renewable energy ethanol etc #99countymeetings  … 25ppl Q&A at Steffes Companies in Milford Issues: Immigration bipartisanship E15 vaccines Russia Iran trade SCOTUS etc #99countymeetings  … Thx to AWEA for recognizing me with their Wind Champion Award during American Wind Week. I’m the father of the ‘92 wind energy tax credit. Because of the success of wind energy & its…  … 71ppl Q&A in Everly hosted by Alliant Energy and AWEA Issues: farm bill wind energy NAFTA tariffs SCOTUS etc #99countymeetings  … Met the Nelson family from Emmetsburg while stopping for lunch in Spencer btwn #99countymeetings  … 107ppl Emmetsburg TM Issues: wind turbines SCOTUS/Kavanaugh edu trade tariffs tax credits prescription drug prices Pruitt 340b taxing capital gains Farm Bill Mueller etc #99countymeetings Annual Palo Alto County Town Mtg in Emmetsburg #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A Kossuth Regional Health Center in Algona 32ppl issues: critical access Medicare 340B reimbursement formulas opioid crisis etc #99countymeetings  … #realhistorychannel Ulysses S. Grant was an outstanding Civil War general. Probably the best of all Northern Generals. In my analysis he was a better President than some historians credit…  … Sharing #cornwatch wk 12 w great grandson Chance, son of state rep Pat Grassley a partner in family farming operation. Compare ear of corn from last wk to this wk to see progress  … Photo/Q&A w the Spotts, Post, Lovelace + Doyle families from Altoona, Algona, Webster City + Waverly b4 their Capitol tour  … I requested abt 1 million pages from Judge Kavanaugh’s time as govt lawyer for fair+thorough SCOTUS vetting That’s more than the last 5 SCOTUS nominees COMBINED Democrats who already…  … Constructive dialogue this AM with Andrew Wheeler at helm of EPA  … Met the Lawlor & Steele families Wednesday morning at Sen. Ernst’s constituent coffee  … Sid Thomas, Chief Judge of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals  … 2day my Senate Judic Cmte had a hrg on Oversight of the Admin’s Immigration Enforcement & Family Reunification Efforts Also Sen Feinstein & I sent DHS/HHS Inspectors General a letter to seek investigation into alleged abuse at immigration detention facilities The Dunnwald + Fincham families from Robins + Iowa City  … Alex Sekora is going to be a senior at Luther College. He is interning in the Secretary of the Senate’s office this summer.  … 2day is national whistleblower appreciation day The way to drain the swamp is for the president to honor whistleblowers. whistleblowers know where the skeletons are in govt why not have a rose garden ceremony honoring whistleblowers? @realDonaldTrump #realhistorychannel after a gas explosion in 1898 these mosaic tile floors were installed in the Senate Rotunda in 1901. 117 yrs of HISTORY have walked over them  … Wk 11 #cornwatch Field looks like a forest for the rest of the season. This is how far the ear of corn has developed since wk 8 pollination. At this pt that’s what gets the farmers attention  … In 1960s I attended ButlerCo REC mtg 2hear genesis of Palo plant &followed its life since Its sad 4 me to hear news abt it closing Hard for employees losing jobs& upheaval in their lives. I hope co. plans for yrs ahead create new opportunities/investment for gr8 Linn Co workforce I saw Iowans doing what Iowans do best—helping each other when they’re in need Ppl from across the country came 2 help too Long struggle but Mtown will overcome &b better b/c it 2/2 After touring Marshalltown tornado devastation this morn I was reminded of Aplington/New Hartford tornado 10yrs ago except luckily no life lost in Mtown 1/2 The Billy Graham Rapid Response Team is stationed in Marshalltown to provide support services  … Greeted 65+ hard working Habitat for Humanity volunteers/Toured Habitat project sites in a Marshalltown neighborhood. They are helping Iowans rebuild after losing everything. THANK YOU  … Thx to Ken Huge of KFJB for having me on his “man on the street” radio program in Marshalltown. I’m in Marshalltown to see the devastation & progress made since the tornado last wk  … Congratulations to the Girls & Boys Nation participants from Iowa  … Thx to my college interns on #nationalinternday for all of their hard work on behalf of Iowans  … The Smith family from Des Moines  … Talked to leaders from the City of Davenport about economic development  … Very good news that Pres Trump & EU Pres are reaching agreemnt on trade Its good news for soybean farmers for 2reasons # 1 Europe filling a void bc China isnt buying our soybeans # 2 its just simply good news Europe wants 2take our soybeans bc they usually don’t like GMO products Met w the Iowa Council on Homelessness + the Polk County Continuum of Care  … Praise the Lord 4 the announcement Marshalltown Mayor Greer & Lennox made that Lennox will rebuild in Marshalltown As 1 of Iowa’s senators I appreciate that decision very much Lennox is very successful bc of Iowa ingenuity/quality/productivity for 120+ yrs Thank u Lennox Iowans w the National Automatic Merchandising Association  … Met the Mahaffey family of Grundy Center at Sen. Ernst’s constituent coffee  … Iowans w the Farm Journal Foundation  … In Pres Trump’s book ‘Time to Get Tough’ he says 1 of the smartest in the debate on OPEC is this senator / I recently intro’d NOPEC legis to fight against the oil cartel’s unfair practices & stranglehold on intl oil trade @realDonaldTrump says “It’s time to get it passed” I AGREE The Griffin, Petersen, Mehta + Knoer families from Fort Dodge, Sumner, Waukee + Eldridge  … Met w employees of the Child & Family Policy Center in Des Moines  … Happy 95th birthday to @SenatorDole a patriot & dedicated public servant Give my best to Elizabeth Wk 10 #cornwatch ear getting bigger Silk turns from white to brown which means pollination is done  … The constant drumbeat for more taxes regulation and spending from Obama was the reason for eight years of slow economic growth /A new normal we were told /Trump has turn the economy around/ if the economy sours it will be because of uncertainty caused by his trade policy Judge Kavanaugh has returned the @senjudiciary questionnaire & it’s posted on the committee’s website I appreciate his timely & thorough response for senators + public to review during his confirmation process Q&A hosted by Guthrie County State Bank in Guthrie Center issues: tariffs trade SCOTUS edu health care Helsinki mtg Dodd Frank etc #99countymeetings  … Called Pella, Bondurant & Marshalltown mayors this morning as tornado damage is assessed to say I will do all I can to help from the fed level My staff is ready to help when needed Many Iowans lost everything I’m praying for them & their families Tour/Q&A at Thermomass in Boone issues: immigration infrastructure social security trade natl debt #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A at Monsanto’s Huxley Learning Center issues: trade tariffs Farm Bill nutrition immigration alternative energy #99countymeetings  … 2/2 Farmers are more than a rounding error Navarro better learn how agriculture & trade wrk Plus Navarro shouldn't forget who he works for. @realDonaldTrump says he loves farmers. Navarro undercutting Trump? Like @SenJoniErnst said Peter Navarro's comments on tariffs being a rounding error is insensitive AND incorrect 4 farmers Doesn't take into consideration the catastrophic affect that farmers are ALREADY experiencing 1/2 2day marks 25YRS W/OUT MISSING A VOTE in the US Senate My last missed vote was July 14 1993 when I was home touring the flood damage w Sen Harkin & Pres Clinton My job is to represent the ppl of Iowa in the US Senate every day 1 way of doing that is not missing a vote! Praying for those affected by the severe storms & tornadoes in Marshalltown, Pella, Bondurant & surrounding communities Confident Iowans’ strength & compassion will guide the recovery process #realhistorychannel Pres Ronald Reagan early in his career was a radio broadcaster on Iowa’s WHO. His statue in the US Capitol Rotunda has a band of concrete pieces of the Berlin Wall.…  … Lincoln Currie is a senior at Linn-Mar HS in Marion  … Sen. Ernst & I met w the Manson Northwest Webster Jr High 7th/8th grade trip  … Good discussion w Iowa Corn today. Talked trade, ethanol + Farm Bill  … The Van Peursem, Karpus + Wright families from Sioux City, North Liberty + Panora  … Iowa farmers had a strong leader working for them & defending rural Midwest economy 2day in Michigan w Gov Reynolds testifying at EPA hearing on ethanol/RFS Glad we have a governor who is such an effective advocate for farm economy & Made in America energy Tanner Adrian from Jefferson County Farm Bureau  … Q&A 30+ Iowa farmers w the Iowa Farm Bureau issues: trade Farm Bill ARC ethanol  … Q&A w 52ppl on the Winterset Jr High 7th & 8th grade trip  … I 1st met Jodi Rushing from Creston on election night 1986. She was a high school student & escorted me to the podium  … Met Sen Ernst’s summer interns at her constituent coffee this morning  … Eugene Sukup passed away. He started Sukup Mfg which now has 700 employees in Sheffield. A hard worker, family man & philanthropist. He was a great friend of mine.  … Tara Rivers, Cayman Islands Minister of Financial Services & Home Affairs  … Iowans w RESULTS talked to me about international poverty  … My NOPEC bill is a good way for Pres Trump to put OPEC oil cartel on notice unlike Bush & Obama who refused / My bill w Sens Klobuchar Lee & Leahy stops unfair/illegal price fixing & will lower gas bills for Americans Iowa Renewable Fuels Association leaders  … Thx to Dr. Jeff Balser from Vanderbilt for the support of our ACE Kids bill. Sen. Bennet & I want to get this bill passed  … Thx to the 60 Plus Association for recognizing me as a Guardian of Seniors’ Rights for helping protect Medicare & social security  … Met the Bayens family from Des Moines + the Kohler family from Marion before their tour of the Capitol  … #cornwatch wk 9 From now to harvest corn field looks like a forest. We watch ear of corn develop Last wk pollination began. Small ear 1 wk later. From wk to wk u will watch w me as ear…  … Honored 2 attend Gov Bob Ray’s funeral 2day There couldn’t have been a more perfect service for a man of that stature Welcomed Small Business Administration Administrator Linda McMahon to Iowa w Gov Reynolds & Sen Ernst  … Women’s small business roundtable w SBA Administrator McMahon, Gov. Reynolds & Sen. Ernst in Des Moines. Issues: Tax Cuts & Jobs Act + regs  #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A at Capital City Fruit/DMTB  in Norwalk Issues: workforce tariffs trade budget deficit etc #99countymeetings  … Q&A w 36 Winterset Optimist members issues: SCOTUS trade oversight ethanol drug prices etc #99countymeetings  … This morning I received a Breakfast with Champions award from the Campaign to End Obesity  … Every so often senators have the chance to host Thursday Lunch Group w our caucus 2day was my turn so I served a typical Iowa meal: pork chop green beans potatoes apple crisp + ICE CREAM The Iowa Soybean Association had several issues but nothing topped tariffs, trade & the uncertainty farmers are feeling.  … Met w the Iowa Turkey Federation on workforce issues, trade & the farm bill  … Talked tariffs, trade, agriculture, SCOTUS & Trump NATO trip w Fox News, CNN, Fox Business + Bloomberg this morning  … Most of the time I listen to him on cable news but today I had the opportunity to greet him after my IG speech since he spoke after me. This is the famous Bob Woodward who exposed Watergate.  … Spoke at the 40th Anniversary of the Inspectors General Act about the vital role IGs play in keeping govt accountable + how the public’s business ought to be public!  … Honored to greet Thomas Stephenson from Michigan who was granted his wish to be a senator for a day.  … Spoke to local elected officials at the Iowa State Day White House Conference in the Executive Office Bldg. Took Qs on SCOTUS farm bill state/fed govt service etc  … Had the opportunity to meet Judge Kavanaugh in my office & then before the press to discuss his nomination to be a Supreme Court Justice. I look fwd to a fair & thorough confirmation…  … With my colleagues after Pres Trump announced his #scotuspick @ The White House  … The president announced his nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh, a judge on the DC Circuit court of appeals in Washington, to be a Supreme Court Justice.  … Press is ready for the #scotuspick toopic.twitter.com/AC1p4teKfi Seated in the east room of the White House waiting for @realDonaldTrump to announce his #scotuspick State Senators Tim Kapucian of Keystone & Jerry Behn of Boone + Boone County Supervisor Chad Behn  … The Marshall family from Waterloo talked to me about prison reform  … The Hynek family from Swisher & the Smith family from Cedar Falls  … #cornwatch wk 8  … Gov. Ray will be remembered for great accomplishments in education, reorganization of state govt & fiscal conservatism. He also set a standard for refugee resettlement. Barbara & I extend condolences to his family 2/2 Gov. Bob Ray was an excellent chief executive for Iowa. I served in the state house during 6 of his 14 yrs. Those were very productive yrs. 1/2 Reminder that Iowa was named the # 1 state in the nation. Thx to Beyond the Bar Bakery in Decorah for the Iowa cookie #99countymeetings  … #99countymeetings  … Thx to the @uschamber for recognizing me w their Spirit of Enterprise Award in Iowa City #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A Bankers Advertising/ Tru Art 49ppl company est in 1896 in Iowa City issues: wages SCOTUS hemp health care energy cost of living mental health #99countymeetings  … ATTN senjohnbarrasso @senatorenzi I saw Cheyenne, WY Herschler Bldg being built today. Stone fabricated in Dubuque + Strawberry Point, Iowa. For a proud Iowan it’s nice to know that ppl in…  … Tour/Q&A at Seedorff Masonry in Strawberry Point 31ppl issues: energy SCOTUS health care trade Farm economy net neutrality etc #99countymeetings  … Strawberry Point, Iowa home of the world’s largest strawberry. 15ft tall & made of fiberglass. #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A at East Iowa Plastics in Independence issues: trade/tariffs/NAFTA SCOTUS immigration etc #99countymeetings  … For all of you who hate history go to the History Channel and watch “swamp mystery “ Put up new bird feeder at my farm on the 4th of July bc my old one rotted after 25 yrs of use. I love birds & don’t want them to go hungry  … Trump administration will be announcing w/in hrs that CedarRapids will receiving the federal $$$ needed for flood protection.  It’s been a long hard process for Mayors State officials and  Senators and Congressmen but hard work “works” Thanks HISTORY CHANNEL for showing how Statue of Liberty was built I think impossible is happening on history channel. I went outside for 2hrs to trim bushes and come in for lunch and there is STILL HISTORY ON HISTORY CHANNEL.   Normally it wold be pawn shop or axe men not history 242 yrs ago the greatest foundation of self gov’t was adopted. The blueprint for freedom, the Declaration of Independence, pointed our way to our great Constitution guaranteeing freedom…  … Quick right now. Go to the History Channel. They hv real history for a shocker   Praise the Lord for divine intervention 42ppl tour/Q&A at WW Homestead Dairy in Waukon. Issues: tariffs immigration ag economy etc Gr8 ice cream too #99countymeetings  … Thx to Chandler, Lisa + the rest of the staff at the Decorah Culver’s for the good meal #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A at Iowa Rotocast Plastics in Decorah 24ppl issues: my voting record SCOTUS tariffs infrastructure immigration etc #99countymeetings  … Thx to the West Union Police Dept & Fayette Co Sheriff for your service to your community #99countymeetings  … West Union TM 195ppl issues: Medicare social security DOJ VA SCOTUS retaliation against ag bc of tariffs/trade judges Tax Cuts & Jobs Act Pruitt/ethanol CRP health care etc #99countymeetings 195ppl at my annual Fayette Co town mtg in West Union #99countymeetings  … #realhistorychannel This statue of William Kenyon shows how proud Ft Dodge is of one of their former citizens. Kenyon served as a US Senator 1911-1922 & judge on the Court of Appeals for…  … The Family Alliance for Veterans in America in Forest City provide support for our veterans including training these service dogs. Thx for inviting me to visit. #99countymeetings  … Q&A 40ppl At FAVA in Forest City issues: Medicaid social security SCOTUS farm bill pre-existing conditions edu VA sentencing reform etc #99countymeetings  … Tour/Q&A at Zinpro in Garner 34ppl issues: health care immigration term limits trade etc #99countymeetings  … Thx to the Webster City rotarians for hosting me for a Q&A issues: SCOTUS trade immigration etc #99countymeetings  … 154ppl Ft Dodge TM issues: Pruitt/ethanol SCOTUS vacancy Guns pre-existing conditions DOJ/FBI oversight tariffs civility VA right to life North Korea family separation #99countymeetings Annual Webster County town mtg in Fort Dodge #99countymeetings  … Wk 7 #cornwatch proof that genetic research has now made corn “head high by 4th of July” instead of the old saying “knee high by 4th of July” when I started farming  … Congratulations to the 2018 Jefferson Award Winners from Iowa. Bob & Denise Holsinger from Sioux City, Michelle McMullen from the Quad Cities, Nic & Heather Weers from Anamosa—recognized…  … Received the AL Carlisle Child Advocacy Award for my work leading the effort to reauthorize the Juvenile Justice & Delinquency Prevention Act. Thx to the Coalition for Juvenile Justice for…  … The Associated Builders & Contractors of Iowa  … Some kids & families, like Alex, need a little more help to achieve their dreams. The ACE Kids bill will help them do that.  … AIM Institute students from Council Bluffs  … I thank Justice Kennedy for his decades of service to the law, to our republic + to the American ppl Our country owes him a debt of gratitude GOOD NEWS it looks like we’re on our way to the Senate adopting my amendment on payment limits in the Farm Bill so only REAL family farmers will receive them SO MUCH COMMON SENSE that Chair Roberts/RM Stabenow are including my amendment in the cmte bill Jerry Jones is a student at Luther College & from Des Moines  … Good discussion w members of the Austrian Parliament including Wolfgang Sobotka, president of the Austrian National Council  … Talked w Iowans at the Iowa Home Visiting and the Association of State and Tribal Home Visiting Initiatives Congressional champions reception. I was recognized for my leadership on the…  … Congress clearly gave Pres authority to limit entry of foreign nationals if in America’s interest 2days SCOTUS ruling affirmed our intent Court found POTUS Exec order was a targtd natl security measure supported by evidence & facts Court rejected arguments abt religious bias Met w Adam Wright, President/ceo of MidAmerican Energy  … Greeted witnesses Amanda Nguyen of Rise & actor Terry Crews ahead of the Judiciary hrg I chaired on the Survivors’ Bill of Rights, a 2016 law I led that secured new rights for survivors…  … Gave a speech today on the importance of congressional oversight which has long been a priority of mine. We must ensure our gov’t of the people and by the people works for the people.  … 2nd marine aircraft wing band, Cherry point, North Carolina  performing at annual Sturgis Falls celebration in Cedar Falls   A marine band comes almost every year and leads the parade too  … At Marine Corps Band concert at annual Sturgis Falls celebration in CedarFalls I met WWII Navy Veteran Herb Kane.  Obviously of the Greatest Generation  … At Marine Corps Band performance at Cedar Falls Sturgis Falls annual celebration I met Major Garrett Gingrich    Thanks Garrett for ur service  … Wk 6 of #cornwatch each wk picture taken from same spot in the fieldpic.twitter.com/VNok9Y1OfB #realhistorychannel agriculture is part of the foundation of American economy so crops are featured throughout Capitol. My favorite is the CORN detail on the pillars outside of the old…  … Quoting the French president we put a crazy amount of dough into our social benefits and poor people are still poor”   Macron is going to get these ppl into the world of work bc that’s only way out of poverty.  Be nice if we in Congress had same sympathy for our impoverished Saddened by the loss of Charles Krauthammer I will miss his smart straight fwd analysis Journalism loses a GIANT Congrats to Luke Schriever of Rock Rapids for…  … East Sac County FFA  … Leaders from the Iowa Pork Producers Association  … Rod & Diane Scarf from Anita  … When you see something like this in DC it makes…  … Had the opportunity to meet w Iowa’s own & now…  … Photo w the La Grange family of Davenport,…  … Good mtg w community leaders from Carroll  … 25 Fremont County 4-Hers  … Iowa 4-H Statewide Citizenship Washington Focus…  … Iowa Automobile Dealers Association  … Sen Finance Comm holding hrg w Scty of Commerce Ross now on current/proposed tariffs Top priority of mine 2day is to emphasize harm from tariffs to Iowa ag Gr8 read on front pg of 2day’s WashPost by Steve Hendrix abt my friend @SenatorDole Tireless veteran who puts service above self ALWAYS + every Saturday @ WW2 Memorial greeting ppl Iowans w the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network  … Met w the Greater Iowa Chapter of the…  … Ran into Iowans touring the Capitol this morning…  … DOJ & FBI have credibility problem bc ppl assume a double standard & not enough accountability Law enforcement needs to ignore politics & follow facts & embrace oversight / IG report a good step in right direction Strzok & Page were leaders of Clinton/Trump investigations & wanted to stop Trump from being Pres  Dem & GOP should admit FBI agent bias NOT try 2 excuse Txt msgs show FBI prejudged Clinton case b4 it was done & Lynch defers to FBI decision on Clinton but Lisa Page txt says AG 'knows no charges will be brought' Many ppl saying DOJ IG report found no bias but txt msgs prove that's false / Report says txt 'indicative of a biased state' & 'implies a willingness to take official action to impact' election Comey attorney said he was out of the country & couldn’t testify 2day but he was tweeting from Iowa recently I prefer being in Iowa too but ppl deserve answers abt FBI conduct Gr8  event in Waterloo just ended :Centennial of John Deere buy of Waterloo Gas Engine to launch Company in tractor mfg  Since 1837 Deere made the plow Deere invented. I still hv 1951 JD “A”&”B” and 1956”620” that I used on my farm:made in Waterloo Law says 15b gallons & Congress intended 15b gallons & Trump promised 15b gallons / why cant Pruitt do 15b gallons? Poor excuses killing ethanol/Midwest farmers 3/3 If EPA is acting above board w waivers like it says it should come clean about who got waivers & rationale for selectively granting them 2/3 There's no higher WH official than Pres Trump who said he supports E15 yr round / what is EPA waiting for? 1/3 Wk 5 of #cornwatch In my early days of farming we used to say corn will be knee high by 4th of July but w genetic engineering it will be shoulder high by 4th of Julypic.twitter.com/3pLv4S3IM6 Q&A w 98 Iowa FFA leaders  … University of Iowa’s Epilepsy Research Team  … I want 2 stop the separation of families at the border by repealing the Flores 1997 court decision requiring separation of families + give DOJ the tools it needs 2 quickly resolve cases Met students & teachers from Monticello Middle…  … Q&A w 35 students on the REC Youth Tour  … Yesterday Sen. Ernst & I met w Hardin, Webster,…  … Thx to Iowa students participating in National…  … 415AM run w 22 Iowa Rural Electric Cooperative…  … Chairman Roberts, Ranking Member Stabenow & I…  … I gave a speech (read on  ) on the Senate floor yesterday abt the 10th anniversary of the ‘08 floods Applauding the resilience + hard work of Iowans in the aftermath of flooding We continue 2work on flood mitigation needs throughout Iowa The Scharff, Beck & McEniry families from Cedar…  … My view behind the gavel @ Senate Judic Cmte…  … Photo with the Duffey’s of Manly, O'Donnell’s…  … #realhistorychannel the Voigt Clock more…  … Sorry to hear shocking news of Charles KRAUTHAMMER’s terminal illness. Very few journalists could put so much knowledge and common sense in so few words as Charles. I’ve missed him on TV for last year Journalism loses a GIANT Missed wk 3 so this is the latest update/4th wk of #cornwatch Most Grassley corn is higher than this since this field was planted lastpic.twitter.com/E6IpDifw9w The Nolting, Hicks + Overman families from…  … The Swartzendurber family from Atkins and the…  … Spoke to the Faith & Freedom Coalition about…  … Good mtg w Major General Duane Gamble, Rock…  … Pres Trump held 2 hr mtg w approx 15 senators to discuss trade & it was very positive abt getting America + esp farmers a better deal Had WH mtg w Pres Trump on trade He is very confident he can get a better deal for America generally but particularly agriculture Admin needs to be careful in dealings or else agriculture is the first to be retaliated against 2day Pres Trump signed the VA Mission Act This bill gives veterans more choices & will help veterans in Iowa/across the country access the care and services they deserve. Will also help speed up firing incompetent VA bureaucrats Chris Coffelt, Superintendent of Central Decatur…  … Central Middle School students from Muscatine  … 47 students/teachers from Rock Valley Community…  … Met Pastor Paul Van Maaren & his daughter…  … Jim Caligiuri & Mike Delaney w the Izaak Walton…  … Iowans w International Paper  … Thank God for Leader McConnell’s decision to cancel August recess so that the senate can finally get to work on important legis set aside bc of dem filibusters on almost every judge A recent example Judge Weir passed 2day 95-0 &still required a dem filibuster DC=island surrounded by reality IOWA=real world. Iowans asked me last wk @ 12 county mtgs “How are u coming along on nominations?” fair q & in the face of dem obstruction longer work hours needed lets vote Fridays/wknds/August until we clear the deck of all judicial nominees Why would the Democrats make us go thru filibuster & waste hours on a judge nomination?  district judge Robert Wier just now confirmed 95-0!! He could’ve gone thru on a voice vote! Saint Francis of Assisi 7th & 8th graders from…  … After their staff-led capitol tour I met w the…  … Met students from Holy Cross School in Sioux City  … We’re 1 up on the swiss Iowa is the 8th largest producer of cheese congrats 2 all the hardworking dairy farmers of Iowa on National Cheese Day As a strong supporter of renewable energy, it’s…  … Tour/Q&A at Calhoun Co REC issues: farm bill…  … Tour/Q&A 29ppl Midwest Industries in Ida Grove…  … Tour/Q&A 36ppl AgriVision Equipment in Le Mars…  … Sometimes democrats filibuster a judicial nom & then the judge passes almost UNANIMOUSLY(ie Nye Coggins etc) it’s easy for the taxpayers to see the waste of time and $$ in actions like this I’d like 2see #filibusterfridays in the Senate If Dems want to filibuster we can vote on Fridays +into wknds Democrats obstruct most judicial noms (36 filibusters by Dems 2day at same pt in Obama admin Republicans had filibustered 2!) Another summer, another heavy work load NOW is the time to vote on Fridays (even wknds!) to get MORE nominations confirmed Especially judges Help the judicial branch Senate Judic Cmte has been hard at work processing judges to fill the 147 judicial vacancies At evry turn it seems we are met w Democrat filibusters Lets work Friday/Saturday/August recess to get more done in the Senate & help the judicial branch do its job I’m told it’s national doughnut day. I like…  … #realhistorychannel Sgt Floyd was the only…  … 131ppl Orange City TM issues: drug$$$ health care ethanol farm bill filibusters clemency DACA Guns Medicaid morality Puerto Rico relief natl debt the media tax bill etc #99countymeetings Annual Sioux County town mtg in Orange City…  … Q&A w members of the Rock Rapids Kiwanis Club…  … Tour/Q&A at TC Transcontinental in Sibley…  … Tour/Q&A at JTV Mfg in Sutherland 42ppl issues:…  … Final stop of the day at Gasthaus in Cherokee…  … 2day concerned Iowans at my #99countymeetings brought up so called “hardship” waivers that EPA is using to bail out billionaires Farmers have common sense &know that companies that make 1.5b$$ a yr aren’t hardship cases! EPA quit hurting ethanol w these waivers Talked to dozens of farmers at my #99countymeetings so far this wk & NONE of them said they need unlimited subsidies or that WALL ST BANKERS should get FARM subsidies 44ppl tour/Q&A Marcus Lumber issues: steel…  … Citizens 1st National Bank in Storm Lake…  … Thx to Pizza Ranch in Pocahontas for their…  … 20ppl Pocahontas Rotary Club issues: farm bill…  … Corn Belt Cooperative in Humboldt 52ppl issues:…  … 85ppl Eagle Grove TM issues: ethanol farm bill DOJ/FBI Judges DACA/immigrant workers/immigration school safety prison reform term limits guns cover crops nominations handling of classified info etc #99countymeetings Annual town mtg in Wright County #99countymeetings  … Paid tribute to the men and women who sacrificed…  … In 1hr I will be honoring our lost heroes at Memorial Day service w Dike Iowa veterans sponsored event   For all who can’t attend such events pls pause a moment to honor these heroes for liberties they preserved for all us #cornwatch this wk rowing the new crop for the first time week to three leaf corn stage hopefully for a bountiful harvest farmers gamble everything weather/international politics/etcpic.twitter.com/ORYgJvbvM2 10yrs ago 2day EF5 Parkersburg tornado 8 deaths Pburg 2 deaths New Hartford Debris carried 110mi Local &other volunteers pitched in 2help everyone. tornado of this nature out of control Proud 2b from ButlerCo where community came 2gether to support/rebuild in aftermath of storm HISTORY: This star can be found in the center of…  … The Forrest/Kelley, Keul + Pettit families from…  … Im author of ‘95 Congressional Acctbly Act which for 1st time applied laws 2congress that we previously exempted ourselves from Im v happy that my original legis is strengthened by legis passed 2day This legis v much improves the rights of victims of sexual harassment on Cap Hill 3/3 I agree w Speaker Ryan on need for welfare reform He should start w corporate welfare for WALL ST BANKERS getting MILLIONS in subsidies meant for FARMERS who do the hard work in the fields feeding America & the world. Rich NYC bankers/millionaires don’t need help 2/3 If freedom caucus in the house believes in fiscal responsibility they shouldn’t let a farm bill go through that gives unlimited subsidies to WALL ST BANKERS How is that fair to taxpayers? Should follow Trump budget and put caps & only give to farmers who need them 1/3 Rep Conaway says I’m wrong about farm bill payment limits but he should tell this farmer why I’m wrong about limiting farm subsidies to FARMERS not WALL ST BANKERS living high on the hog Farm subsidies meant as a safety net for farmers w dirt under their nails Lions Club International  … Property Casualty Insurers Association of Iowa  … Iowans w the United Steelworkers  … NOTE TO EPA definition of hardship: a condition that is difficult to endure, suffering, deprivation, oppression / surely Marathon doesn't qualify for a waiver They had a net income of $3.4B in 2017 BILLIONS IN PROFITS ISNT HARDSHIP Full house this morning at Sen Ernst’s…  … National Association of Insurance & Financial…  … Opponents of Grassley/Durbin Sentencing bill propagandize our bill will allow prisoners to walk THATS WRONG. HOWEVER House Prison Reform bill admits 4000 can walk   Do u opponents of our bill realize how inconsistent ur argument is? Iowans w the Air Traffic Control Association  … Met w community leaders from Burlington, West…  … The Iowa Academy of Family Physicians  … Welcomed college interns to my DC office for…  … Talked about my Sentencing Reform & Corrections…  … As a lifelong resident of Butler Co + Clarksville is 1 of our chief towns I’m proud to have fellow resident @MaddiePoppe bring us so much noteriety Don’t write off rural America. Congrats American Idol WINNER Maddie! The Charles family from Springville  … Guatemala’s Ambassador Manuel Espina met w me to…  … Brandon & Mike Jones from West Des Moines  … I read in DSM Register abt an exceptional family, the Schuring’s of Pella, who have fostered 100 babies An example of humanity + hopefully encouraging others to think abt fostering The Schuring family has made a big difference in the lives of 100+ foster youth THANK U Great deal on the history channel you can buy an 1881 coin for $49.95 .... some history!!  Even at 325am no history Why shld I vote for a farm bill out of senate ag comm that doesn’t include my very strict payment limitations. It’s ridiculous that non farmers can get millions of subsidies My amendment passed both houses 2014 and was dropped by conferees I learned lesson Looks like some progress is being made in China US trade negotiations China will take sorghum again Chyna will return deposits they’ve required on our agricultural exports little bit of light at the end of the tunnel on Chinese US trade fight senator Lieberman said this in the Wall Street Journal today this year whether you are Jewish or not try considering how you can advance the ideals of the 10 Commandments in your personal and public life in your community in this country and throughout this beautiful planet pic.twitter.com/KPWxUp7Q1s pic.twitter.com/0Q3xhItuv0 I just put up new flags at the farm for…  … Farm bill fails House.  It gives House Aggies opportunities for better bill.  One glaring mistake. Bill allows ppl who aren’t farmer to get millions  of farm subsidies So house shld add Grassley payment limit amendment Met Jesse Farrell and daughter Ryleigh at…  … Jake Folger of Cedar Rapids & Karen Olson of…  … Nuxoll family from Iowa City & Linda Peete-Flom…  … It’s about time we have a woman heading the CIA + she’s the 1st in 60 yrs from w/in the org since she knows the CIA inside &out no bureaucrats will b hoodwinking her like they do political appointees Congrats Gina Haspel Always hearing how conservative House GOPers are but last night House Rules cmte blocked farm bill amnd that would’ve ended farm subsidies for non-farmers & eliminated unlimited subsidies underlying bill promotes NOT very fiscally conservative Must do better in Senate farm bill I appreciated a productive conversation w ceo @jack Dorsey of twitter Found out he follows me + we discussed how his company is making sure the platform is used properlypic.twitter.com/VPmZc3NRqT Mtg on trade w Canadian Parliamentarians  … Community & business leaders from the Ames…  … Trooper Dave Helton, President of the Iowa…  … Met w the Iowa Association of Realtors about…  … As part of our oversight work on the Trump Russia investigation 2day my committee released 5 transcripts/thousands of pgs of docs from the June 9 Trump Tower mtg Important for transparency so the American ppl can draw their own conclusions Met the Bogert family from Cedar Rapids & Tayla…  … The Asphalt Paving Association of Iowa  … Haley Stomp w the American Feed Industry…  … 2day on Natl Peace Officers Memorial Day we honor members of our law enforcement who made the ultimate sacrifice keeping us safe. We thank their families for their strength & will remember the values of public service + bravery that they stood for I’m the lead sponsor of the Senate’s National Police Week Resolution honoring our law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line as they fight crime. Thx 2 all law enforcement who work hard 2 keep our communities safe. As a lifelong Butler Co resident I wish Maddie Poppe of Clarksville the best of luck as 1 of 3 finalists for American Idol. 2nite Maddie is performing at the Butler Co fairgrounds I’m sure all who attend will enjoy Met w Carolyn Boss from IBM in Clive to talk…  … 93 veterans w the Eastern Iowa Honor Flight came…  … Today the Judiciary Committee heard from Dionne…  … Iowa police officers in town from Waterloo,…  … OTD 1968 Charles City tornado tears thru town just b4 I was going to give final exam 2 my students @ Charles City College Aftermath was devastating but community came 2gether to rebuild & support one another 2day marks the 50th anniversary 1/19/16 Trump at IA Renewable fuels summit: EPA shld make sure blend levels match statutory level set by Congress THAT’S 15B GALLONS/Pruitt shld work hard to make sure he doesn’t undercut the president’s support of ethanol 2/2 I’ve supported Pruitt but if he pushes changes to RFS that permanently cut ethanol by billions of gallons he will have broken Trump promise & he should step down & let someone else do the job of implementing Trump agenda if he refuses 1/2 Oct 24: Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 passed Congress & I voted for it Since then presidents have vacillated but now Pres Trump has made it a reality he’s finally carrying out the will of the American ppl thru Congress that was displayed in our 1995 Vote Since the WH leaks like a sieve will 1 of the leakers tell me Does @POTUS do his own tweeting? Or does someone help him? Or does he dictate into the microphone? He’s much more prolific than I am Met members of the UNI Men’s Glee Club while traveling thru O’Hare.…  … Honored to pay tribute to law enforcement who were killed in the…  … Good to be back on Iowa Press with David Yepsen, Kay Henderson &…  … HISTORY: This bust of Lajos Kossuth can be found in the US Capitol.…  … The Stevens, Nanfito & Stangl families from Glenwood, Silver City &…  … Productive mtg w Gov. Reynolds about ethanol, trade,…  … Jerad Nylin, President of the National Federation of the Blind of…  … Appreciated the opportunity to talk about tax reform, trade + the…  … Attended the Greater Des Moines Partnership Reception during their…  … The Eide & Reves families from Mason City/Iowa City  … Dave Stone from United Way of Central Iowa  … Q&A w students from the Iowa School for the Deaf  in Council Bluffs  … Met Mark & Meredith Spencer at Sen Ernst’s constituent coffee  … Matt Russell from Iowa Interfaith Power & Light. We talked about…  … John Johnson & Shad Roberts from Bettendorf talked to me about cyber…  … A big thank u to all our hard working teachers on #TeacherAppreciationDay for all they do to help the students of Iowa excel as they prepare for their future Met w librarians/the State Library of Iowa  … The Cook family from Des Moines + Judd family from North Liberty  … Heath Mallory from Western Iowa Telecom  … Met w community & business leaders from the Pella Chamber of Commerce  … Jessica Rebeschini from Bondurant w the Zero to Three organization  … Had WH mtg on RFS/ethanol. No RIN cap & got E15 yr round. Need to see Perdue+Pruitt plan. Devil in details Attended the National Asian Pacific American Bar Association Congressional…  … Photo/Q&A w Garner-Hayfield-Ventura Middle School students during their visit…  … In front of the panther at UNI w grad Carrie  … Attended my granddaughter’s college graduation today from UNI.…  … Q&A w 49 students at Central Springs HS in Manly issues: environment guns…  … Celebrating #smallbusinessweek w Main St business owners in Osage. Becky…  … Q&A w the Osage Chamber of Commerce 18ppl issues: DACA natl debt tax reform…  … Tour/Q&A at Alum-Line in Cresco 57ppl issues: housing trade guns DACA Mueller…  … New Hampton TM 56ppl issues: ELD mandate Mueller SCOTUS immigration welfare workforce VA drug prices trade judges rural broadband conservation marijuana Sinclair merger health care Critcal Access hospitals #99countymeetings Annual Chickasaw County town mtg in New Hampton #99countymeetings  … Toured Prairie Lakes Church New Hampton campus. They are renovating an old…  … HISTORY: south of the Iowa Capitol is a large statue of William B Allison the…  … Celebrated Pillar Technology expanding to Jefferson tonight at their Des…  … After my Q&A in Newton I got a Dairy Queen. I stop at every DQ I can during…  … Q&A at the Vernon Company in Newton 33ppl issues: student loans Twitter natl…  … Q&A w 35 student leaders at BGM HS in Brooklyn issues: edu guns interest in…  … Enjoyed lunch at The Classic in Brooklyn btwn #99countymeetings + met the…  … Q&A 119 students at Williamsburg HS issues: border wall guns tax reform term…  … Tour/Q&A at Schumacher in Durant 34ppl issues: term limits trade/tariffs…  … Miss Iowa 2017 Chelsea Dubczak from Des Moines  … Tour/Q&A at Per Mar Security in Davenport 42ppl issues: criminal justice…  … Bellevue TM 106ppl issues: tax reform telemarketers 9th circuit pensions Farm Bill food stamps social security natl debt infrastructure edu credit unions family courts Sinclair merger Gorsuch criminal justice etc. #99countymeetings Annual Jackson County town mtg in Bellevue #99countymeetings  … 98ppl Dubuque Rotary Club issues: trade national debt China guns SCOTUS…  … Celebrated 50 yrs of business at LyondellBasell in Clinton. Talked about…  … West Ridgeway Avenue Walgreens in Waterloo has a Safe Medication Disposal…  … EPA handing out ‘hardship’ waivers to billionaires like Carl Icahn is undermining integrity of the RenewableFuelStandard. Pruitt shld live up 2his commitment to midwest senators &support the law/not mess w congressional intent BAILING OUT BILLIONAIRES ISNT HELPING ETHANOL/FARMERS My staff met Mark Wegener from Burlington today. He is the quad cities honor flight’s 4000th…   W Pompeo’s confirmation to be Scty of State we have a really strong voice as we confront a very belligerent N Korea Iran + Russia and take on China economically for stealing our jobs Mark Peterson from Stanton met w me about cover crops and priorities of the Practical Farmers of…   2day=World IP Day celebrating the innovators/creators that enhance our daily lives thru their ingenuity This yr’s focus is on the countless contributions of women Iowa has a long history of innovation & is continuing to help keep the US the most innovative/creative in the world Joe & Maureen Bush from Davenport talked to me about infrastructure appropriations   Judge Paul Howard, a visiting judge from Australia   As co-chair of the Congressional Trademark Caucus I spoke at a briefing about the issue of…   Thx to Kent Sovern + Chuck Betts from AARP Iowa for presenting me w the AARP Congressional Award   I received the Autism Speaks Congressional Champions Award for my leadership on Kevin & Avonte’s…   Met w the National Association of Egg Farmers   Enjoyed the discussion led by Dubuque native, Adam White, at the Hoover Institution. The program…   Pres Macron spke abt future of US French relations based on our historical closeness going bk 2RevWar Thru joint coop he says we’ll be able 2continue the peaceful enviromnt that has existed w/out a WW3 since1945 He had praise 4his wrking relationship w PresTrump 2 accomplish this Participated in the Senate’s drug take-back day to properly dispose of unused/expired meds. The…   My view behind the gavel at this morning’s Judiciary Committee hearing on the plight of…   HISTORY: fasteners for bow-ties were patented to the United Neckwear Mfg Co of Waterloo in 1918…   Cedar Valley Coalition 26ppl Qs on tariffs, farm bill, Tax Cuts & Jobs Act, earmarks, trade etc   Sen Feinstein & I thanked her staffer Jenn for helping raise awareness on the issue of…   Lrg group of state local & fed law enforcement ldrs 2day urged Congress 2 pass my bipartisan comprehensive Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act. Bill improves fairness / tough on violent crooks & opioids Met w the U of Iowa LEND program while in DC attending a disability policy seminar   The Byerly, Hansen, Gildersleeve families from Ankeny, Polk City + Ames   Met w Danish Ambassador Lars Gert Lose. He recently visited the Danish Museum in Elk Horn   16 Iowans from Iowa Falls visiting our nation’s capital   Latvian Ambassador Teikmanis discussed w me Latvian-American relations & his interest in…   I met this group of Iowans at the airport yesterday. They are visiting DC for a mental health…   Oh the joy of watching ppl rope an alligator on “Swamp people” on History Channel. Grrrrrrr The Recording Academy (GRAMMY) recognized me today as the lead sponsor of the AMP Act which…   Interviewed by Jessica for KCAU Sioux City about my mtgs w Siouxland this wk   Chad Driscoll from Des Moines + the Afterschool Alliance   Thank you to Secretary of Labor Acosta for accepting our invitation to speak to the Siouxland…   The Independent Insurance Agents of Iowa   Met w the Iowa Firefighters Association   Q&A w 46 ppl in town w the Siouxland Chamber issues: workforce, education, infrastructure, Tax…   64th annual Siouxland Chamber trip Heard from Iowans about trade, ethanol, health care, etc. at…   Iowa BIO recognized me w their “Innovator in Biotechnology” award for my support of biotech/…   Thx to the International Foodservice Distributors Association for the 2018 Thomas Jefferson…   The Sypherd family from Keota   Met w the Iowa Restaurant Association about immigration, tax reform, etc   Thx for the framed letter in support of free trade from the ISU Beginning Farmers Network +…   Talked w this group of Iowans at Sen Ernst’s coffee this morning   Gary & Kathy Nystrom from Boone   Agnes & Don Burns from Davenport   Enjoyed visiting w Rhonda & Paul McClintock from Shellsburg at Sen Ernst’s constituent coffee   Ben Dralle from Osage in DC for Posters on the Hill   A very nice and friendly former First Lady Barbara Bush dies   Matriarch of Presidential families and civic leader she was also loved widely   R.I.P. The Tax Cuts & Jobs Act has benefited Iowa workers Iowa companies are getting lower taxes + giving workers wage increases, one-time bonuses, increased benefits, etc #taxday The tax cuts & jobs act puts families in control of more of their own money allowing them to decide how to spend it Iowans spend $$$ best when it’s in their pocket not Uncle Sam’s #taxday Iowans w the Rural Broadband Association   Representatives of the Iowa Snowmobile Association from Council Bluffs   Met w ethanol producers and the Iowa Renewable Fuels Association   Met w Epilepsy Foundation Iowa   Privileged to welcome 101 Iowa veterans to our nation’s capital on the eastern Iowa honor flight…   HISTORY: The Brumidi Corridors are named after the artist who designed & executed its…   Gave a speech and took Qs on the important role whistleblowers play in holding govt accountable…   Thx to UNI’s American Democracy Project for recognizing me w an award for my “outstanding and…   2/2 guess what! Waivers went out 2 a company that made $1.5b profit I don’t call that a hardship case So you can see how gradually BIG OIL is winning over ethanol. Pruitt follow the law! The practice of medicine in 1799 killed George Washington thru a medical procedure called bleeding. well now we have dir. pruitt & the epa  bleeding the ethanol industry to a pt where it will be neutered thru a process of giving out hardship waivers 1/2 Shellie Pfohl is a Dubuque native and CEO of Safesport. Her organization works hard to protect…   Met w the Iowa Pharmacy Association   Appreciated the opportunity to participate in an agricultural round table today at the White…   On my way to a mtg at the White House I ran into my friend, former senator Bob Dole   Met w community/business leaders from the Dubuque Chamber   Glad Pres Trump announced E15 yr round w/out a RIN cap This will help farmers & keep RIN prices low like refiners have wanted At WH mtg small refineries/RFS discussed I rebutted that EPA has alrdy granted relief 4 small refineries by giving secret waivers from RFS Inference was too many waivers are being given &EPA is acting contrary 2law when companies making 1.5b get a waiver That’s not hardship! At the WH mtg 2day Ag Cmte leaders spoke of the certainty of a farm bill this yr Good news 4 Iowa farmers Farm state senators had a tremendous opportunity w Pres Trump just now 2talk abt trade negotiations Each expressed concerns to the Pres abt nervousness among farmers bc of possible retaliation against agriculture At WH mtg on trade/farm good news for corn/ethanol the President is moving ahead w E15 12 months a yr South O’Brien HS students from Paullina   Iowa Pork Producers talked w me about trade and other important issues for Iowa agriculture   Members of the Iowa State Bar Association   The Iowa Grocery Industry Association   Speaker Paul Ryan is a good leader & Congressman serving the ppl of Wisconsin + our country well He’s a devoted public servant. I wish he wasn’t retiring but I wish him the best Anne Marie is a student at ISU. We talked about my support of research funding & education   Q&A w 25 8th graders from Le Mars Middle School   Emily Legal and Abraham Funchess of Waterloo w the National Community Reinvestment Coalition. We…   Iowa student leaders w 4-H   David and Cooper Weise of Waukee and Kai Baker of Urbandale   Dave Timmerman from Wilton Light & Power Coop   Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg faced hours of Qs about data privacy from joint judic-commerce…   Just before the hearing ended I was live on Fox News w Martha MacCallum from the…   Took a short break from social media/data privacy hearing to brief press on China congressional…   Q&A 41 Iowans w the Iowa Association of Electric Cooperatives   Good mtg w the Community Bankers of Iowa   I was interviewed by Suzanne Malveaux of CNN this morning about today’s Facebook hearing, Syria,…   more civics + less cynicism = better govt. Thx to the CR Gazette for covering my Federal…   Aliasger Salem from Iowa City w the American Institute for Medical & Biological Engineering   Dave Allen helps me to better serve Iowa veterans as my veterans fellow. This wk I was able to…   Q&A w 33ppl at Innovative Ag Services in Monticello issues: ethanol Nafta immigration…   Thx to Southern District Judge John Jarvey and 8th US Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Michael…   Hosted my first ever Federal Judiciary Youth Summit in Cedar Rapids today. Teachers/educators…   Today I had the privilege of presenting military medals to the late Charles Hyslope’s family of…   Q&A at Aureon in West Des Moines 62ppl issues: tariffs Ethanol SCOTUS data security term limits…   Q&A w the Iowa Tech Association and NFIB at The Forge in Des Moines about the role technology…   Q&A w 59 students at Woodward Granger HS issues: equal pay tariffs guns voter ID immigration…   Barbara and I just voted absentee in special election Senate District 25 Congratulations to @UNIAthletics alum @Coach_DeVries on his new postion  as Drake MBB coach.  Welcome back to iowa Sry 2 hear the news of former Alabama Sen Jeremiah Denton's passing I served w him in the 80s + have gr8 respect for his public service including his heroism as a Vietnam POW Productive discussion w Kyle Kashuv, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, about…   Met w Max and Ryan Schachter today. We talked about Max’s son Alex who was killed during the…   Gwen Ecklund from Denison + Kim Reem from Marion   Iowans w the American Diabetes Association   While a president is negotiating trade congress’ input is quite indirect but I had an opportunity to let his chief negotiator Bob Lighthizer know my concerns abt how negotiations could negatively impact export of grains hurting Iowa farmers Lighthizer appeared b4 Sen Finance 2day Q&A w 103 students from Lake Mills Middle School   Mitchell and Kyle Kann from Guttenberg   Hector Ibarra from West Branch and Joni Readout from Leon. Joni is a 2018 Milken Educator Award…   Enjoyed hearing about priorities in the Ft Dodge community during their annual chamber visit   Leaders from the Quad Cities Chamber talked to me about the Rock Island Arsenal, tariffs,…   It was an honor to chair the hearing for Judge CJ Williams at his nomination hearing before the…   Rebecca Frantz, a freshman at Iowa State   Met Gary McVicker from Hampton at Sen Ernst’s constituent coffee this morning   Merlin Bartz, Worth Co Supervisor   Talked w Iowans from Rock Valley and Iowa City about the 340B program   My friend Simon Estes is much more than a famous opera singer, he’s a humanitarian. He talked to…   European Union Commissioner for Justice, Consumers and Gender Equality, Vera Jourova   Maureen with Iowa Talented and Gifted   Raul Anguiano Jr from Sioux City met w me on immigration   Iowa State Dairy Association talked to me about immigration, ELD mandate and regs   2% of the ppl in the US produce the food for the other 98% 2day is Natl Ag Day so we honor the hardworking farmers of America Eat it up! Got acquainted w RD James from the Army Corps of Engineers. Look fwd to working w him on many…   This wknd Paul Allen’s team found wreckage of WW2 USS Juneau in Pacific Ocean In 1942 this ship was sunk by Japanese torpedo carrying the 5 Sullivan brothers of Waterloo These Iowa heroes + hundred of others lost their life on that ship protecting our country Shld not b forgotten Good to see Dr. Wendy Wintersteen— this time as ISU’s new president   The Barron family from Rowley and the Hart’s from Union   Why would you want to extnd EB5 program with major national security loopholes? Remember ICE warned of investor fraud and use by terrorists/espionage agents. Why wld republican leaders want to extend EB5? Why sell out American ppl by extending EB5 program w long history of fraud/abuse by wealthy foreign investors? Why not fix huge national security concerns? Status quo bad for rural America, worse for national security I forgot  to mention in previous tweet I’m talk to republican leadership reason not to extend EB5 program in Omnibus Leadership take note! Why would u want to extnd program rife with fraud and corruption. Just look at $50 million fraud suit in Cal. Often money from unknown foreign source! Why would u want to extend program without Grassley/Goodlatte reforms? WAKE UP  HOUSE&SENATE LEADER  don’t extend EB5 in Omni  Goodlatte and I worked compromise BUT Manhattan real estate moguls reject/  So r u yr after yr going to melt in front of these moneyed interests?? Sen Graham and I talked Judiciary Committee investigations + Special Counsels w Bret Baier. Tune…   The Hoffman and Delaney families from Estherville + Marion   HISTORY: This bust of Abe Lincoln was carved by Gutzon Borglum in 1908. Borglum is famous for…   Students from Clarke Middle School/High School in Osceola   Brad Barkley from Mitchellville w the Nat’l Association of Postal Supervisors   44 Members of the Iowa Farm Bureau issues: sect 199 crop insurance Farm Bill ARC program…   Leaders from the city of Bettendorf   Iowans w the American Lung Association   Coralville Mayor Lundell and City Administrator Hayworth   Welcomed Iowans visiting our nation’s capital during the spring break reception I cohosted w Sen…   Interviewed today by reporters from U of Iowa’s student newspaper The Daily Iowan   fellow voices of agriculture Ag Secretary Perdue and Chairman Roberts. Can you believe it! This…   Pastor Kent and Pastor McCoy from First Baptist Church in Urbandale   Annual mtg w the Worth County 4-Hers   In celebration of the Maternal, Infant and Early Childhood Home Visiting program reauthorization…   Photo/took Qs w students from St Paul’s Lutheran in Waverly   These Iowans are in town from Iowa City, Johnston, Walford, Altoona, Ankeny and Pleasant Hill.…   Met w the Iowa Council of Foundations   New ISU Study says 10 cent Cruz waiver/cap on RINS drops corn price by 25 cents a bushel. That’s over $40 an acre loss 4 US corn farmers! ETHANOL IS GOOD FOR FARMERS/FARM ECONOMY At Q&A w Burlington residents last month they brought up need for fed infrastructure $$$ and the fed govt answered their request this wk w $17mil TIGER grant for waterfront & street improvement Congratulations to the Burlington community More: I called hearing in Judic Comm on Parkland tragedy for Wed to hear/discuss ideas + make sure same mistakes prevented. My bill w Sen Cruz will improve background checks, study mass shootings to hopefully prevent in future Also important: introduced bill w Sen Cruz that funds school safety + joined Sen Hatch and Sen Alexander on school safety bills All common sense legislation. Cosponsored Sen Cornyn’s FixNICS bill which helps improve background check system Glad Pres Trump held mtg on how violence in video games/media/culture might affect young ppl. important piece of work going on to address school safety + potential impact on school shootings High school students Sibani Ram of Dubuque + Robert Nishimwe of Des Moines are this year’s Iowa…   Kelly & Teresa Snyder from Marathon and my son Robin + his wife Diane from New Hartford   2day marks 9000 days w/out missing a Senate vote the last vote I missed was July 1993 due to Iowa floods Longest time w/out missing a vote in Senate history Being on the job every day is important to the ppl of Iowa I’m sorry 2hear Sen Cochran is resigning next month. he is a dedicated public servant who serves the ppl of Mississippi well He’s a hard worker and a productive senator I’ve worked well w him and consider him a friend Hurry hurry hurry.  There is history on History Channel Sorry to miss Friday &saturday finals of girls  Bb state tourney for first time in 39 yrs  Outpatient op. GO GIRLS GREAT TRADITIONS The population of Ireland  is Dubling The Nau’s from Cedar Rapids   Iowans with ABATE   Low corn prices squeezing farmers 4 yrs now & RIN price cap/waiver wld destroy RFS demand for corn making prices even worse Real pain in rural America.True win win is year round e15 to lower RIN $ and also help farmers & 359000 biofuels jobs nationwide Emerging solution fr WH mtg 2day is year round e15 will drive RIN prices down & when we get to 15 billion gallons RIN prices will be really low. Studies say cross that threshold and RIN $ drop dramatically Q&A w Bethel University board of regents and alums. Thx to Wayne from Forest City for the…   We honored Billy Graham as he lies in honor in the Capitol rotunda. Pres Trump did the tribute…   Ryan Heiniger from Burlington w Pheasants Forever   Brian Hollenback talked to me about economic growth in areas like Charles City   Regenea Hurte, Exec Director of the Iowa Food Bank Association   Talked w John Stites from Davenport at Sen Ernst's constituent coffee   Great mtg w Amanda Nguyen of Rise    and actress Evan Rachel Wood to discuss policy to help rape…   Iowa Association of Health Underwriters   Iowans w the American Association of Dental Research   FINALLY FINALLY Bill Northey confirmed for undersecy of Ag Congratulations! It took too long You were used as an innocent tool btwn big oil & ethanol. All the farmers of the United States will now benefit from you like Iowa farmers have for 11 yrs Just left WH mtg on the RFS. Same discussion again. No deal made. RFS program design destroyed by RIN cap/waiver. Not “win win” promised Would destroy ethanol demand making benefits of RVP useless US News ranks Iowa #1 state in the country My entire life I’ve been a resident of Iowa + such a report doesn’t surprise me Traveling IA for my #99countymeetings every yr I listen/speak to Iowans and I see these high marks demonstrated across the state Proud 2b an Iowan Sorry to hear of the passing of former GM at Iowa Public TV, Dan Miller. Dan’s tenure at IPTV from 1975-2013 gave me many opportunities to work w him. He was a hard worker + a friend. Sending prayers to his family & friends Read in DSMReg abt Iowan Shellie Pfohl +SafeSport working 2 end sexual misconduct w/in Olympics/Paralympic sports An initiative I’ve recently wrkd on w passge of the Protectng Young Victims &Safe Sport Act. 2make a real differnce this will b a TEAM effort Thx Shellie 4 ur hardwrk Thx to Paige Herwig from Senator Feinstein’s staff for her work on the Senate Judiciary…   Met w Iowans from Amnesty International   The Menning family from Rock Rapids   154ppl Manchester TM issues: DACA health care mental health school safety guns CRP farm bill background checks Russia sanctions young farmers NRA need to protect the RFS #99countymeetings Delaware County town mtg in Manchester #99countymeetings   165 students Muscatine HS issues: filibuster representative govt VAWA term limits cost of…   124ppl Wapello TM issues: school shootings renewable energy guns Sect 199 Blue Water Navy retirement DNR biofuels vocational training gun free zones drug testing #99countymeetings Annual Louisa County town mtg in Wapello #99countymeetings   Public forum hosted by Burlington Chamber 88ppl issues: infrastructure workforce guns…   Tour/Q&A 25ppl Steffensmeier Welding in Lee Co issues: economic development Northey security…   Jenny Steffensmeier owns + operates Steffensmeier Welding in Pilot Grove. They’re self…   MD Orthopaedics in Wayland send 43000 clubfoot products annually to 129 countries to help kids…   47ppl Washington Rotary Club Qs on guns sanctuary cities N Korea Pres Trump Russia sanctions…   Q&A w 52 employees at Cambridge in Fairfield issues: guns fiduciary rule/regs Citizens United…   46ppl Keosauqua TM gun violence blue slip background checks global warming SSA gun ban school safety Northey health care security clearances sect 199 ADA #99countymeetings Van Buren County town mtg in Keosauqua #99countymeetings   Met w Iowa musicians, songwriters + producers about copyright issues in Bloomfield   Last night I saw a home in Bloomfield that the Southern Iowa Economic Development Authority…   116ppl Bloomfield TM issues: drought meddling in elections conservation CRP mental health Soc Sec Medicare natl debt ARC/PLC 340b school shootings SSA gun ban #99countymeetings Davis County town mtg in Bloomfield #99countymeetings   Q&A w 171 students at Ottumwa HS issues: immigration guns tax bill food stamps equal pay mental…   23ppl Q&A w Sigourney Kiwanis + community members Qs on natl debt Farm Bill student debt Northey…   Only a few times was I in a room where Billy Graham was present. Only time I remember a conversation w him was being seated by him at weekly senate prayer bfast in mid80's   My condolences to Graham family Barbara and I send our condolences to the Graham family onBilly's passing.  He was a devoted servant of God  Many ppl were led to accept Jesus Christ as personal savior bc of his messaging Tour and Q&A 36ppl at CPM Roskamp in Waterloo issues: solar trade health care bipartisanship…   88ppl at Waterloo Rotary Qs on deficit Turkey immigration guns farm economy infrastructure…   38 students Ellsworth Community College issues: immigration Pell grants Mental health CRP guns…   Iowa constituents asked me why a starter for  Wisconsin women Bb wld not be patriotic enuf to stand for natl anthem song today  /ASK THE WISCONSIN COACH/  Exprress outrage  to university Welcome to senate race Mitt. I hope to welcome u to senate I don't claim to kno u well but every time I interacted w u in2012 I liked it and you Just tried History Channel. Guess what!!  U r right!! Final score UNI 67 Drake Bulldogs 72 Drake over UNI 41 to 33 at halftime Q&A w 26 students at Prof Larimer’s Iowa Politics class at UNI   2nite the Senate confirmed Ted Kamatchus to b US Marshal for the southern district of Iowa.  He has a distinguished record of public service in Iowa. Congratulations Ted on your new role Important step for criminal justice reform Voted out of Judiciary cmte 2day 16-5 Reforms will save taxpayer$$$ + Polls show rapidly growing support for criminal justice reform around the country The Douglass Leadership Institute is celebrating the 200th birthday of Frederick Douglass   Incensed by Sessions letter An attempt to undermine Grassley/Durbin/Lee BIPARTISAN criminal justice reforms This bill deserves thoughtful consideration b4 my cmte. AGs execute laws CONGRESS WRITES THEM! Some may not like it but REALITY is that Grassley/Cornyn is only DACA fix that can pass Senate+House+Trump. DREAMERS can help by telling Dems to get on board, stop wasting time & ACTUALLY SUPPORT A BILL THAT CAN BE SIGNED INTO LAW. Let’s deliver certainty that DACA kids deserve Talked w Iowa’s Secretary of State Paul Pate during his visit to DC   Adam and Leah from Volunteer Iowa   Met w Future Leaders Exchange students w the State Dept. They are studying in Iowa from various…   Annette Sage from the AFGE local 1228 & the VA in Des Moines   Met with Iowa’s Treasurer Mike Fitzgerald & his staff   Dems just objected AGAIN! When are the Dems going to carry out what they’ve been promising the DACA kids for several months? Let’s move fwd or level w us that you don’t want to help. my bill could solve issues for DACA kids + strengthens border security Abbie Kliegl from West Des Moines has been a Special Olympics athlete since she was 8 yrs old. I…   Exasperating!! Dems have talked for months + months about DACA issue BUT at noon today we tried to move fwd and Sen Schumer objected. haven’t the Dems been asking for this debate????? Spoke to the Association of Community College Trustees about the important role community…   Michael Ash, President of Southeastern Community College   Iowans w the Alliance for Headache Disorders Advocacy   Joined The Daily Briefing w Dana Perino to talk immigration, cyber security + oversight   Enjoyed mtg Lizzie Glantz, a Cedar Rapids Washington HS & U of Iowa grad   Iowa Speaker Linda Upmeyer, Cedar Rapids mayor Brad Hart + CR city manager Jeff Pomeranz attend mtg w @POTUS on state/local infrastructure. 3 Iowa voices at the table=lots of common sense Sneh & Sachin Chopra from Cedar Rapids   At the 66th annual natl prayer bfast this morning Pres Trump spoke & Congressman Steve Scalise was main spker thanking ppl for praying for him after he was shot on the baseball field last June 4000ppl attended Interviewed on Fox Business w Stuart Varney about immigration, oversight + RFS   Always good to see leaders from my alma mater UNI   Madison Hunke from the Iowa Council for International Visitors   Waterloo Mayor Hart & Scott Naumann from the Iowa League of Cities   Madeline McGarry is a natl pork producer intern from Ames   Emily Piper a longtime acquaintance from the Iowa statehouse   Laura McDonald from Newton w the Iowa Rural Water Association   Earl Cheatheam a UNI grad & David Gardner are interns from Sen Ernst's office   Met w the Iowa Association of Independent Colleges & Universities   Interviewed by Fox News for Special Report segment tonight on audit of DOD’s Defense Logistics…   Jim Tillotson w Faith Baptist Bible College & Theological Seminary in Ankeny   Bipartisan solution is needed to resolve the DACA issue. Let’s take care of the DACA kids, increase border security & end chain migration and the visa lottery. Do the long time advocates for DACA want certainty for them or use DACA for election fodder? MoSt wins over UNI Half score UNI tied MoSt at 27 Tonight it is women  VB  UNI v Mo State. WH framework is a reasonable solution to strengthen border security, end chain migration/visa lottery + address DACA. any other ideas I hear would never pass the House GOP House intel memo released. Still many unanswered questions on these FISA applications. Transparency needed: underlying docs, Dems Memo, Grassley/Graham referral. JudCmte will keep searching for answers & FBI/DOJ shld cooperate! Hearing good news from Iowans that they are seeing more take home pay on their paychecks thx to the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act #99countymeetings Q&A w employees at Principal Financial in Mason City issues: immigration State…   Tour/Q&A w 25 employees at Cambrex in Charles City issues: drug prices H1b visas DACA sect 199…   200 students at Benton Community HS in Van Horne good Qs on net neutrality State of the…   Tour/Q&A Deimco in Tama 31ppl issues: DACA tax bill/small biz House Intel memo Budget trade…   Crossed the famous Lincoln Hwy Bridge while traveling on my #99countymeetings   Q&A w Marshalltown Chamber issues: DACA EPA regs tax bill Govt shutdown drug prices N Korea etc…   Do dems want daca to be resolved or do they want to make it a campaign issue? Need to b serious about border security/chain migration & actually FIX the problem Q&A in Hampton at the Franklin Co Farm Bureau issues: sect 199 Farm Bill CRP Northey ethanol…   Glad to be back at the Iowa Legislature. It’s nice to visit the place where I served the people…   Some friends of Trey Gowdy need talk him out of retiring. America needs a smart forceful congressman like him Headed to the Capitol with Mrs G in advance of the President's annual State of the Union speech.   Jeanette Antolin, Jamie Dantzscher + Mattie Larson are brave gymnasts who shared their stories &…   Fellow senators Hassan & Shaheen of New Hampshire invited me to join them in wearing this ribbon…   Iowans from Graceland University, Storm Lake + Rock Valley talked to me about their work w the…   Today I joined my colleagues to praise the passage of the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual…   Dan Kingery of Newton + Sam Dye of Knoxville from Prison Fellowship talked w me about criminal…   Met w the Lien's from Castalia about transportation issues   Iowa Scty of Ag Northey is in town for mtgs w the Natl Association of State Depts of Ag. I…   GOOD NEWS House will vote on bipartisan Feinstein Grassley  bill to shine light on conduct by Olympic staff.  Nassar got what he deserved for molesting young female gymnasts. Because it's never on the History Channel I took a historic tour of the Capitol. From 1859 to 1890 these bathtubs were used by members because they didn't have the modern conveniences at home.pic.twitter.com/ET61kxTGr0 This morning I spoke at the Rural Aging Summit about access to rural health care, the Elder…   The Brady Street project from Davenport also received the 2018 Audrey Nelson award for community development achievement I met w their reps yesterday Proud to say 2/4 recipients are Iowa projects Rudy Jones from the Waterloo Community Development Board stopped by my office. Congratulations…   Heard from the Iowa Mentoring Partnership about the good work they are doing across Iowa   Spoke to 94 young ppl attending the Evangelical Christian Student Leadership Conference about…   Enjoyed visiting with Iowans at the Lutheran Prayer Breakfast this morning   Steven Williams from the Food Bank of Iowa talked to me about food rescue & SNAP   Shame on Schumer Shutdown that a constituents daughter goes to navy base commissary and sees sign"Due to govt Shutdown AFN services not available"  They need buy supplies The Schumer shut down of fed govt is wrong for various reasons   Most important it hurts soldiers veterans and children The house passed bill 2 keep govt running was voted down by democrat filibuster even tho Dems agreed w every provision in it Undeniably stupid How long will the Schumer Shutdown last? We must keep going until we open up govt Reminded that in 2013 Sen Schumer said don’t shut down govt over immigration. I agree keep govt open & pass CHIP 6 yr extension / shutdown bad for country & economy PASS CR. DACA solution is priority b4 March 5 Welcomed Iowans to D.C. for the annual March for Life   Sen. Ernst, Cong. Blum and I met w Budget Director Mulvaney today. This mtg was very important…   Deputy Marshal Hill gave the ultimate sacrifice 2day protecting Americans He was killed in the line of duty in Harrisburg PA pursuing a fugitive who made terroristic threats Praying for Christopher Hill and his family The Mickelson, Forbes + Hallam families from Des Moines, Dubuque + Davenport   My view from today's congressional gold medal ceremony honoring Senator Bob Dole. A well…   A high honor was given to Sen Bob Dole 2day for his military/public service from the state house to majority leader of the US Senate by the presentation of the congressional gold medal He's a close friend & former colleague Visited w the Smith family from Cedar Rapids after my staff gave them a tour of the Capitol   2day Scty of Homeland Security Nielsen testified for annual DHS oversight hrg b4 the Judic Comm she handled tough Qs very well particularly on the DACA issues She's committed to finding a permanent equitable solution to DACA & our security needs Today marks 25 yrs on my staff for Penne Barton. Originally from Gladbrook & a Wartburg grad,…   Stopped by Mrs Krebsbach's 5th grade class at Denver Elementary School   Q&A w 164 students at Denver HS issues: tax bill term limits immigration net neutrality mental…   32ppl Q&A Grundy Co Hospital issues: diabetes prevention sect 199/coops CHIP small biz Northey…   UNI wins over Indiana St 59/53 UNI over Indiana St 31/29 at end of half 59ppl Sac City TM issues: sect 199/coops climate change infrastructure Steele food safety Mueller social security Pres Trump Medicaid tax bill CHIP sexual harassment #99countymeetings Sac County town mtg in Sac City this morning #99countymeetings   Discussed issues w Siouxland Chamber leaders Barbara Sloniker & Chris McGowan @ Sioux City, Iowa   Tour and Q&A at Cloverleaf Cold Storage in Sioux City 101 employees issues: immigration tax bill…   Q&A w 110 students at Maple Valley Anthon Oto Charter Oak Ute HS in Mapleton. Qs on social media…   66ppl Logan TM issues: ELD mandate Russia central state pensions FDA Pres Trump immigration Uranium One infrastructure FISA Corp tax rate China Ethanol judges Northey coops/sect 199 etc #99countymeetings Annual Harrison Co. Town Mtg in Logan #99countymeetings   Tour + Q&A w employees at Rasmussen Mechanical Services in Council Bluffs Qs on ethanol…   #99countymeetings   Heard the good news from IRS that approx 90% of Americans will see increase in take home pay AND lots of US companies raising wages/giving bonuses to put more $$ in pocket of workers as a result of the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act Grant Albansoder of Davenport + recent ISU grad w a degree in engineering   Sam Wagler from WACO High School in Wayland   Met w Dr Steve Stephenson from Blank Children's Hospital in Des Moines   HHS Secy nomination hrg for Alex Azar in Finance Comm 2day. Asked Qs on contributing factor to the high cost of epi pens + the importance of the Physicians Payment Sunshine law especially in light of the opioid epidemic The Shea family from Cedar Rapids   Good to see the Forrest family from Dallas County   Senator Duckworth and I welcoming our new colleague from Alabama senator Jones.  I look forward…   I'm at the reception for the new senator Smith from Minnesota. I look forward to working with her   Law enforcement shld NOT be independent of constitutional oversight. Like the military, FBI/DOJ accountability to ELECTED leaders is essential for liberty. We are ACCOUNTABLE to the PEOPLE in our representative govt.  Hoover FBI was unaccountable/did great harm w abuses of power Sen Hatch is a friend for 37 yrs while serving together in US Senate. He serves Utah & USA w tremendous success as effective as can be & deserves credit 4 doing so Just watched history on An American Experience abt Thomas Edison the inventor Thx Comcast on Arlington Va  Channel 19 DO U GET MESSAGE HISTORY CHANNEL??? It's so cold in the upper half of the USA Today that politicians will put their hands in their own pockets UNI 25 SoIlinois 22. Half time In ten min UNI men face SoIllinois U in cedrfalls Happy 171st birthday Iowa   Iowa became a state in USA Today 1846 Besides Fox for some history there is some real history on CNN right now. Hope History Channel notes For ppl like me irritated bc History Channel has little history u can right now watch Fox News Channel "anAmerican Journal " and its history UNI loses to Xavier 77/67 UNI men Bb agst Xavier which is ranked 9fh starting 40min 2day @POTUS signed Tax Cuts & Jobs Act to provide tax relief to families by doubling child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000 & eliminating marriage penalty for vast majority of taxpayers 2day @POTUS signed Tax Cuts & Jobs Act modernizing our international tax system to help U.S. companies compete globally on level playing field + eliminating disincentive to bring cash home to invest in U.S. 2day @POTUS signed Tax Cuts & Jobs Act delivering relief to Main Street by reducing tax rates on small biz by 20% or more. Small businesses are economic engine responsible for majority of new jobs Within days @POTUS will sign Tax Cuts & Jobs Act that will keep 4.2 million ppl w low-income from having to pay income tax plus they won't even have to file Within days @POTUS will sign Tax Cuts & Jobs Act which repeals the Obamacare individual mandate. A very regressive tax that hits low to middle-income hardest. 80% hit by mandate tax in Iowa earn under $50k Within days @POTUS will sign Tax Cuts & Jobs Act which brings simplification of tax code by nearly doubling standard deduction.  Allows 90% taxpayers to file taxes w/o spending hours sifting through receipts and tax forms Abigail from Siemens delivered a great big thank you note from their Ft Madison plant for my…   Within days @POTUS will be signing the biggest tax decrease in the history of our country. very beneficial 2 small biz owners & farmers bc they now will be able 2 expense their depreciable equipment Within days @POTUS will be signing the biggest tax cuts in history for middle class Americans Samuel Kirkwood was born Dec 20, 1813. Kirkwood was an Iowa Governor, Senator & Scty of the…   I’m 1 of only 5 to be involved w tax reform as a senator in 1986 & again in 2017. It shouldn’t have taken so long but we’ve delivered tax cuts & tax simplification to the American ppl as promised Tax bill passed 2day will create more jobs by making our corps more competitive in the global economy + help put more $$/wages in the pockets of workers 2nite Senate passed historic Tax Cuts & Jobs Act which delivers middle income tax cuts. Decreasing taxes for av. American fam of 4 w/2 kids by more than $2000, doubles child tax credit, nearly doubles the standard deduction Thx to Ainsley, Camilla + Charlie for the Christmas chocolate. Their dad works for me serving…   The Hager's, Keatley's + Osmundson's stopped by my office to say hello btwn visiting museums   Congrats to Nebraska VB champs & Iowans @KaylaBanwarth2 mikaela foecke former staffer Casey mills big fan HyVeeClassic. Half UNI 33iowastate 30 With Congressman Young at the Hy-Vee Classic basketball games in Des Moines   At Hy-Vee Classic bb games sitting near couple who owns the Dairy Queen in Windsor Heights where I go for you know what. Yum. At Hy-Vee Classic.  Drake v UofIowa   Second game UNI v Iowa St.  Go Panthers On election night 2016 the stock mkt fell 700 pts PANIC SET IN.  One year later markets hv added $6Trillion in value. Thx @realDonaldTrump + lowest unemployment in17 yrs It's probably a real surprise to Trump's supporters /and for the most part on an issues basis I'm one /that after failure on Obamacare repeal we will soon pass tax cuts&simplification Met w the Des Moines Committee to Protect Pensions about the Butch Lewis Act   Proud to say the judiciary committee + the senate made history 2day by confirming the 12th circuit judge this year. the MOST in the 1st yr of any president in the 228 yr history of our country FBI owes answers abt "insurance policy" against Trump victory...& if nothing to hide, why would senior FBI leaders use secret phones that "cant be traced" to talk Hillary? DOJ needs to give JudicComm full transparency/cooperation 2 restore public trust. FBI CANT BE POLITICAL I was interviewed this morning by Fox Business, Bloomberg, CBS + CNN about tax reform, FBI…   Time change: tomorrow AM on CBS This Morning I'll be talking abt the children's health insurance program reauthorization I was interviewed by CBS This Morning about the CHIP program. It will air on Thursday.   Turned to History Channel   "The Curse of Oak Island ". Again no history  Change name of channel to"ETC" Since 1995 it's been US policy for Jerusalem to be Capital bc congress law Clinton Bush Obama no guts to implement Trump keeps promise Critic of Trump Jerusalem announcement say he reverses70 yrs of our policy WRONG/Since1995 Congress law declared that our policy Jerusalem Embassy Act of ‘95 (Senate vote 93-5 & I voted for it) states embassy should be in Jerusalem by 5/31/99. For 18 yrs, Rep + Dem presidents waived. Congrats Pres Trump for making this move. Amen!!! 2/2 Americans shld see politically biased texts by demoted  FBI official working  Clinton email AND Trump campaign investigations. DOJ shld cough up all related docs &make Strzok come to Judic cmte as I asked in OCTOBER! TRANSPARENCY BRINGS ACCOUNTABILITY Reporters say FBI official who watered down Comey stmt on Clinton emails AND started Russia 'collusion' probe on Trump Campaign was fired frm Mueller team after DOJ watchdog found evidence of political bias. THIS IS WHY DOJ/FBI NEEDS OVERSIGHT Why don't dems agree? 1/2 Had bfast with Scty of Commerce Ross. We discussed nearly every trade negotiation that is going…   Nice to see Justice Ginsburg and Mrs. Scalia at Pew Trusts special event yesterday where…   Last nite Sen confirmed nomination of Glen R. Smith to be Member of the Farm Credit AdminBoard. Glen is from Atlantic & will serve well in that post Met w Major General Duane A. Gamble & Command Sergeant Major Ulloth to discuss issues affecting…   Talked trade & farm bill w the International Dairy Association   