#NationalRecoveryMonth is aimed to increase awareness surrounding substance use disorders & mental health issues. Equally important, it's a time to celebrate those who have overcome their addictions. Thanks to Alaska’s First Lady for this call to action.  Mark has dedicated his life to creating positive conditions for strong families and happy children & Rhonda is a nurse who at a trauma-informed summer camp. Thanks to the Lackey family for all they have done & continue to do on behalf of youth in Alaska. So happy to meet w/ Mark & Rhonda Lackey, Alaska’s 2018 Angels in Adoption, celebrated this week for their work advocating for children. Mark and Rhonda were licensed foster parents from 2009-2014 and adopted 2 boys.pic.twitter.com/Ko78gLPAz0 Alaska is an energy producing state; we produce oil for the west coast and we also have every renewable resource in great abundance. Today I spoke at National #CleanEnergyWeek’s symposium on the work being done at the Energy Committee as well as the progress being made in AK.pic.twitter.com/uhhj22Z9Fl Soon I will be speaking at National Clean Energy Week, to discuss the role of Congress in advancing clean energy. Watch live @ 9:50 am EDT here:   #CleanEnergyWeek We always want to stay ahead of the curve, and we should see #quantum as a tool that will augment and improve our nation’s computing capability and work in tandem with more traditional computing capabilities. Today I chaired an ENR hearing on #quantum information science, a technology which promises to revolutionize the speed and scale at which we process data, which could allow for breakthroughs in energy, medicine, communications, and almost every other facet of our lives.pic.twitter.com/FRRgIoplBJ Be a part of #NationalVoterRegistrationDay – click here to register:  pic.twitter.com/BxW79NxxBl American Planning Association honors communities w/ this award, recognizing neighborhoods, public spaces, & streets that strategically strengthen communities. Cushman Street is often the epicenter of activities, helping ensure a happy, fun atmosphere for the public to enjoy.pic.twitter.com/wLyLIPSndU Today I met with Jackson Fox, the Executive Director for the Fairbanks Metropolitan Area Transportation System, to extend my congratulations in light of Cushman Street, in Fairbanks, receiving the “2018 Great Places in America” award. … Congratulations to Ms. Robyn Harris on being named 2018 Alaska Secondary School Principal of the Year for providing young Alaskans with the quality education and leadership they so deserve. Your students, your school, and our state are lucky to have you.pic.twitter.com/Vluwx75aXe Congratulations to @SenDanSullivan on being made full colonel in the Marine Corps Reserve. It was a privilege to attend his promotion ceremony here in D.C. tonight to acknowledge his hard work and dedication. We are very proud!pic.twitter.com/0V59T2AgPZ Last week the Washington Examiner published my opinion piece, highlighting how a robust nuclear energy industry in the United States is critical to growing our economy, strengthening national security, and mitigating climate change. #NELA2018  We are long overdue in providing all U.S. territories w/ access to the AMBER Alert system. Proud to cosponser legislation introduced by @SenBrianSchatz to amend the PROTECT ACT to better protect our communities with this essential and effective service.   Great to visit w/ students at Huffman Elem. & witness their annual potato harvest. A 15-yr tradition, students plant & harvest potatoes for @BeansCafeAK --a shelter that feeds the hungry & the homeless. Thanks to the Huffman Elementary students for helping feed Alaskans in need!pic.twitter.com/KYcNrlcaHm Great meeting with the Noatak Tribal Council—pictured here: my ride to the airport.pic.twitter.com/GWNazLb53H On our way to Noatak — a village in the Northwest Arctic Borough in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/uiIYSgVtsx I enjoyed visiting kindergartners in the Yup’ik Immersion program at College Gate Elementary in Anchorage. Quyana (thank you) to all of those who helped make this program possible for their commitment to learning and upholding Yup’ik tradition and culture through language.pic.twitter.com/g4qIaPvTap Tundra mist. #ThisIsAlaskapic.twitter.com/fCl27kiRfN Morning over Kotzebue Sound.pic.twitter.com/BjRKtCtSZ6 Just listening to the radio where they are talking about the high school football game in Utqiagvik (formerly known as Barrow) tonight. Home team is Barrow Whalers and they are playing Ketchikan Kings. Ketchikan is 1,332 mikes from Utqiagvik. #OnlyInAlaska Tomorrow is #NationalPublicLandsDay! I hope everyone has a chance to get out and appreciate the great outdoors, with free entrance to all public lands – including national parks. #NPLD #FindYourParkpic.twitter.com/l3zoRNmh5P The Port of Alaska also delivers cargo to deep-water vessels and is an important player in our nation’s defense infrastructure. I met with the Port to tour their facility and to discuss some of their much-needed upgrades and repairs.pic.twitter.com/AVtyrDdPfG The Port of Alaska, previously known as the Port of Anchorage, is a lifeline to our state, handling more than 3.5 million tons of building materials, food, fuel and other materials to Alaskans each year.pic.twitter.com/xlJSHjSsnx Glad to meet with Col. Phillip Borders, recently named the 28th Commander of the Army Corps of Engineers Alaska District. I appreciate the good work of the Army Corps of Engineers on so many important projects for Alaska.pic.twitter.com/6jFk98bL7d Proud this bill was included in the recently passed Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018, which will help fight the opioid crisis impacting our country.   In May, I introduced the National Milestones to Measure Progress in Ending the Opioid Epidemic Act, w/ @SenMarkey which requires the federal government to set benchmarks for how it is addressing the opioid crisis in and by measuring progress on key objectives each year. Year after year Alaska tops the charts with having some of the highest suicide rates in the country. We know that one suicide is too many, and it has become far too prevalent in our Native communities. Together, we can give Alaskans the support they need and ultimately, hope.pic.twitter.com/6HSak7Fsma .@SenWarren & I introduced the Native American Suicide Prevention Act. This bipartisan effort will ensure Native communities have a seat at the table in developing & implementing statewide suicide intervention & prevention strategies.   Pleased to see that 24 community health centers across Alaska will receive @HHSGov funding to help address the opioid epidemic. See the Alaska list here:   … Thanks to @SenRobPortman and my other Senate colleagues for all the work they have done to ensure opioids and other harmful drugs do not reach our communities through the mail. One provision included in the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018, the STOP Act, requires the U.S. Postal Service must include detailed descriptions on packages & increase regulations on delivery,to help decrease the amount of illegal drugs transported by mail.pic.twitter.com/QOeE98oeel We know that across Alaska, opioids are getting into our communities and villages through the U.S. Postal Service, and our efforts cut off that flow have been limited. During a Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee hearing focused on reducing healthcare costs by making healthcare information on cost and quality more transparent, I spoke to the challenges in Alaska and the need to improve healthcare cost transparency.pic.twitter.com/zyPQSTdXYM In Alaska and the rest of the nation, patients rarely know the cost of medical services before receiving care, and costs can vary significantly depending on where one chooses to receive care. Also included is legislation of mine with @SenDonnelly for a loan repayment program to help recruit/retain workers. These provisions will help address this epidemic by getting to the heart of how we provide for that level of care.   One measure of mine w/ @SenTinaSmith included in the opioid package was the Improving Access to Mental Health Services Act, which will allow greater flexibility for trained professionals to serve in schools and communities.   In Alaska, one of the difficulties we face in addressing the opioid crisis is the shortage of healthcare workers and professional help. Within the recently passed Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018, I secured provisions to help address the workforce shortage in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/luvB7WDZbJ It will bolster our defense capabilities by modernizing existing facilities, strengthening training & emphasizing importance of developing Alaska’s strategic military presence in the Arctic. This bill is significant to the economic prosperity & security of our nation & Alaska. This bill invests in Alaskan futures by directing funds to programs that will support high-quality, locally-led job training and education initiatives. The Senate passed a funding pkg that includes the largest pay raise for troops in nearly a decade, funding for a new national firefighter cancer registry, and support for high quality educational opportunities for Alaskans of all ages---just to name a few.   This all-encompassing bill package, addresses prevention, treatment, recovery, & long-term support. From cutting off the flow of illegal drugs to improving access to treatment- it’s time to break the stigma, care for our communities, and turn the tide of this epidemic.pic.twitter.com/3tD5mijGHA The opioid epidemic has wreaked havoc across our nation and in my home state of Alaska—and it isn’t just impacting the lives of substance abusers. This is a problem that consumes all ages, all spectrums, and all classes. Addiction knows no boundaries.   Last night the Senate passed the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018 by a 99-1 vote. This bipartisan package was developed through combining the proposals of over 70 senators and work by five committees- truly landmark legislation.pic.twitter.com/qzxAk9Jl2A The bill ends the practice of concealing prices from patients by prohibiting the use of “gag clauses,” which have banned pharmacists from telling patients when it's cheaper to buy a prescription drug without using their insurance. Tonight the Senate passed the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, a bill I proudly cosponsored to increase transparency regarding prescription drug prices.   Addressing the high cost of healthcare in Alaska remains a priority of mine. One component of addressing those challenges is improving transparency across the board--- from the cost of medical procedures to the price of prescription drugs. pic.twitter.com/SNzjcbbc1w My heartfelt thanks go out to the members of the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission, who play a central role in safeguarding the sustainable and enduring health of our bowhead whale populations, and to the members of the United States delegation.   The importance of subsistence for the food security & cultural vitality of Arctic communities cannot be understated. Recently at the 67th meeting of the International Whaling Commission (IWC), the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission’s (AEWC) bowhead whale harvest quota was approved. According to the International Energy Agency, imports to Europe are expected to rise almost 20 percent by 2040. With the abundance of our domestic natural gas supplies, the United States is poised to change that equation and provide our allies a greater level of energy security. I chaired an Energy Committee hearing on the economic & geopolitical implications of a stronger U.S.–EU energy relationship. As we've often seen, Russia has used its much-needed natural gas resource as a geopolitical weapon, being the main supplier for reliant European nations.pic.twitter.com/34uTFHFToS Proud to have introduced the SAFE Kids Act w/ @SenatorDurbin which puts limitations on flavored tobacco products. Glad to hear the FDA is requiring manufacturers to prove that minors can't obtain their vaping devices, or they'll be taken off the market.  Please share this safety info for #Florence: If trapped in a building, go to the highest floor. Do not climb into a closed attic; you may get trapped by rising floodwater. Get on the roof only if necessary.  Call 9-1-1 for emergencies.pic.twitter.com/Hna2aGpmMP Hammond was a decorated World War II Marine Corps fighter pilot & was one of Alaska’s great statesmen, dedicating his life to public service. Renaming the wilderness portion of @LakeClarkNPS as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area is a fitting tribute to his life and legacy. Proud that my bill designating 2.6 million acres of existing federal wilderness located within @LakeClarkNPS as the “Jay S. Hammond Wilderness” has become a reality. A fitting tribute for one of Alaska's great statesmen, former Gov. Hammond.    I’m proud of this bipartisan package that capitalizes on energy opportunities, increases innovation, and bolsters our nation’s defense capabilities --- all with Alaska’s unique needs and opportunities in mind. The funding package invests in developing clean, diverse & reliable energy and making home-heating & energy costs more affordable for Alaskans. It prioritizes AK’s strategic military presence & invests in the health & well-being of AK's service members, veterans & their families. A funding package bill on Energy and Water; Military Construction-Veterans Affairs; and Legislative Branch for FY19 is headed to the President’s desk to be signed into law.    Happening now, our conference committee is meeting to negotiate the details of our four-bill funding package which includes my Interior-Environment Appropriations bill. To watch live, click here:   During my speech I also addressed the progress we’ve made on the federal budget such as passing legislation which prioritizes programs that protect our water, people, and lands-- all significant progress to support Alaska’s tribal communities. I spoke to tribal leaders at the Tribal Impact Unity Days meeting here in DC about work underway in the Senate, including an important comprehensive opioids package to prevent addiction and eliminate the flow of drugs into our villages and communities.pic.twitter.com/bufK3ZEOWY As our only operational coal mine in Alaska, Usibelli provides our state with 115 jobs and averages between 1.2 and 2 million tons of coal per year. I appreciate UCM for their 75 years of service- providing energy, jobs, and economic opportunity for Alaska. Today I met w/ Usibelli Coal Mine to talk through a range of initiatives, including: the importance of coal for electric generation in the Interior, coal markets, New Source Review permits, the completion of UAF’s upgrades to its Combined Heat and Power Plant, and more.pic.twitter.com/Vfd3pa00Ze As Hurricane Florence nears landfall on the East Coast, my heartfelt appreciation goes out to the Alaska Air National Guardsmen who are traveling across the country to help relief efforts. Your willingness to serve is deeply appreciated. … In addition, Ms. Taggart is a finalist in the Ms. Veteran America competition, which highlights the strength, courage, & sacrifice of military women. I was glad to discuss the work of Final Salute Inc. & greatly appreciate Ms. Taggart for her efforts & feedback.pic.twitter.com/fTiXAEpQ6D While visiting JBER, I met with retired U.S. Army Sergeant, Kathryn Taggart, who currently works for Final Salute Inc., a non-profit providing homeless, female veterans with safe and suitable housing.pic.twitter.com/YPmBU5bR07 Thank you Alaskans for honoring the courage, heroism, and bravery shown by everyday Americans and first responders on this day 17 years ago. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/fqD9p4i0Nh Recently met with Dr. Tim Ballard, the Director of the Alaska VA Healthcare system, to discuss opportunities to build up VA healthcare capabilities in AK. I appreciate Dr. Ballard's vision for the future of AK's VA & for sharing ways I can help show support at the federal level.pic.twitter.com/6zcFk6JPDL The East High School health clinic is finding ways to bring healthcare to students, from physicals to urgent care to behavioral health care needs. This is a model worth repeating. I’ll be looking at more ways our federal healthcare policies can support these innovative programs!pic.twitter.com/i00sH8zqMO Yesterday, I had the chance to tour the East High School health clinic. I was impressed to learn all the ways our educators and school administrators are working hard to keep our students healthy and in school.pic.twitter.com/7emr8ayzDI With Hurricane Florence heading for the East Coast, I encourage everyone to prepare for when this Category 4 storm makes landfall and to take evacuation orders into serious consideration. For more tips on preparation and safety click here:   Today we pause to remember the tragedies of #September11th as we honor those we lost & the heroic acts of so many. Let’s continue to honor & thank all those who sacrificed so much by coming together to embody that “spirit of service” on this #NationalDayofService. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/rhDlSd2AY2 I’m glad to have been a part of this celebration that demonstrates our commitment to assuring that military families, retirees and veterans have a comfortable place to stay when receiving care here in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/D973NkLtyX Fisher House is an organization dedicated to providing housing for military members & their families at no cost while a loved one is receiving medical care. Today, I’m proud to announce the opening of Fisher House II at JBER.pic.twitter.com/TCVt73qu7C The State is working with the USDA Forest Service on a rulemaking to address roadless area management. To apply for the Alaska Roadless Rule Citizen Advisory Committee, established by Gov. Walker, visit:  …. Alaska is taking steps to address a 17-year-old rule that has greatly restricted access to the Tongass National Forest, harming our mining, timber, renewable energy, recreation, and transportation industries. The Roadless Rule has never made sense in Alaska. Thanks to all who participated in the Alyeska Climbathon this weekend. Mike Heatwole did an impressive 10 laps up Mt. Alyeska’s steep North Face for the Climbathon – a fundraiser to help promote education and raise awareness about ovarian cancer in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/xGEJGfPT0h This weekend the 2018 Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson Air Force Ball celebrated  the Air Force's 71st birthday. The event included music, dancing, & the tradition of the youngest & longest standing airmen cutting the cake together. Thanks to the 673rd Air Base Wing for hosting.pic.twitter.com/ck2xy7w8xZ #OnlyInAlaska do you see bathtub races down the street and boats chasing thousands of rubber ducks! This year marked the Rotary Club’s 28th Annual Duck Race in Nome, to support college scholarships.  #NELA2018pic.twitter.com/dD4PibF9Ry I was proud to nominate Lori Wing-Heier as she has led efforts to stabilize the market, such as creating the Alaska Reinsurance Program, which has since become a model for other states to provide more stable and reasonably priced healthcare. Congratulations to Lori Wing-Heier, Director of the State of Alaska Division of Insurance, on being selected for a national award, the Bipartisan Health Policy Leadership Award, for her work to address high insurance costs.   During the hearing, I also asked Nazak Nikakhtar, Assistant Secretary for Industry and Analysis at the ITA, to give more information on the trade strategy the International Trade Administration is developing regarding China and the U.S. seafood industry.pic.twitter.com/651HjK3XpO Alaska has some of the world’s most sustainable and productive wild fisheries, making the current uncertainties in the U.S. seafood industry a high priority. During a CJS Approps Cmte hearing, I expressed some of the concerns that are being raised by Alaskan stakeholders. Our bipartisan bill will provide the tools, resources, and partnerships necessary to drive innovation in advanced reactors to restore our global leadership on nuclear technologies and create American jobs. #NELA2018 Nuclear power provides clean, safe, efficient, flexible & reliable power to American families & businesses, but we've only scratched the surface of its immense potential. I joined my colleagues in introducing the bipartisan Nuclear Energy Innovation Act.   Every year, natural disasters threaten life, property & ecosystems across Alaska. I thank @POTUS for acknowledging the need to support the recovery efforts of these Alaskans. In May, the Mat-Su Valley sustained tremendous flood damage. Yesterday, President Trump approved an Alaska Disaster Declaration so federal assistance can supplement local recovery efforts in the Mat-Su Borough.  I welcome Jon Kyl back to the U.S. Senate. He was a strong senator and this was a strong pick. I previously served as one of his deputy whips, and he was wonderful to work with. I have no doubt he will be able to move right back into the place that he was before. The Inupiaq language has been added as an option on Facebook’s translation tool. In August, I joined an Indian Affairs Cmte hearing on Native language revitalization & efforts to promote/preserve them. This step will help towards doing just that.  On the Senate floor I paid tribute to Senator John McCain’s incredible impact to the nation.  We are inspired by his service, intellect, integrity, and determination to do what is right. On behalf of the people of the 49th state, thank you John McCain. May you rest in peace.pic.twitter.com/kL17bmulP6 Speaking now on the Senate floor to honor the life and legacy of my colleague Senator John McCain.   Because Alaska is a coastal state, our safety largely rests in NOAA’s ability to collect information and issue warnings so that Alaskans plan and react accordingly. This transition is a positive step towards safer waters for our maritime industry. … As we are an Arctic nation, I have consistently supported funding for NOAA’s charting & survey efforts, specifically in the Arctic. I am glad to hear that NOAA is rebuilding its navigational chart products for digital use, leaving paper in the past.  Happy Labor Day Alaskans! I encourage everyone to get outside and enjoy the beauty of our state. Have fun and stay safe. Things are looking bright thanks to solar energy’s growth in Alaska. The innovation we are seeing with solar power is another step toward achieving cleaner, more affordable energy in the years ahead.  Today we laid to rest a true American hero and patriot, Senator John McCain. It was a fitting ceremony to honor a man who spent his life serving our nation —a true example of service before self. Our country has lost a great champion for democracy.pic.twitter.com/zVrBng1PWC For those here in Washington, DC who wish to pay their respects, a viewing is open for the public from 1:00 – 8:00pm ET.  Details here:  Today we honor the life and legacy of Senator John McCain as he lies in state in the United States Capitol Rotunda. McCain is just the 31st person to lie in state in the Rotunda—an honor which demonstrates his incredible service to our nation. I often comment on the high cost of living in AK. But, I’m not sure people understand what these “high costs” look like on a practical level. In Savoonga, I compared costs for products to prices you might see in the lower 48- a staggering difference that adds up quick!pic.twitter.com/qais8DMjsl Great read on the value of the Community Health Aide Program, a network of Community Health Aides/Practitioners who serve as the frontline of healthcare in over 170 rural AK villages. As Interior Approps chairman, I'm proud to support this vital program.  With the uncertainty of the outcome in the upcoming Texas v. United States case, this legislation is needed now more than ever to give Alaskans, and all Americans, the certainty they need that protections for those with pre-existing conditions will remain intact. As I talk to Alaskans, healthcare remains a huge concern. One of the key pieces to care is ensuring that people with pre-existing conditions can purchase insurance. I’m proud to support a bill that will make sure no one loses coverage.   Congrats to Sealaska Heritage Institute & artists Stephen Jackson, TJ Young & David Robert Boxley, on the unveiling of three stunning bronze house posts in Juneau. These works by Tlingit, Haida & Tsimshian artists help put Juneau on the map for NW Coast Indian arts & crafts.pic.twitter.com/9w20I1KNmu Congrats and well done to all of the 77 recent graduates from Alaska Job Corps who are ready to add their new skills to Alaska’s growing workforce. I wish you all the very best as you move forward utilizing your new career technical and academic training.pic.twitter.com/AHQmfdCPgO Over 200 students just graduated from @AKMYA –their largest-ever graduating class! This class of grads will either be joining branches of our armed forces, attending post-secondary schooling, or heading home to build their future. Congrats & good luck to these young Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/IWksZy5bKF When you hear the phrase “overcrowded home”, many might assume the biggest issues are discomfort and lack of rest due to limited beds and space; however, the ripple effect of an overcrowded home is so much further reaching.pic.twitter.com/HvlfLfuBAb Senator McCain penned a farewell letter to all Americans before his passing. Powerful doesn’t even begin to describe it. I encourage all Americans to read it. … While the living conditions of overcrowded homes were heartbreaking, we also had a chance to see some of the new homes being constructed-- just a fraction of what is needed but a positive step towards creating a healthier, happier future for the community of Savoonga.pic.twitter.com/bRT2oOpIoA It’s one thing to hear about multiple generations living together in a home, having to sleep in shifts due to a lack of beds and space, but it’s another to see it firsthand--- these stories are more than statistics.pic.twitter.com/IOYtkym4Ku Following a @IndianCommittee field hearing on the impacts of overcrowded housing, we visited homes in Savoonga to help further understand the stark reality communities face when it comes to lack of housing & housing affordability.pic.twitter.com/3pQK1p7uD1 My thanks to Lt. Gen. Ken Wilsbach and Cindy Wilsbach for their service to our @usairforce, Alaska, and the nation. I want to welcome Lt. Gen. Tom Bussiere and his wife Barb to Alaska. I look forward to meeting with our new Alaskan Command and 11th Air Force Commander.pic.twitter.com/T4edHMhmZd Powerful testimony from a high school student, Jacob Iya, during @IndianCommittee field hearing in Savoonga, Alaska. He shared the impact of overcrowded housing from the perspective of a young Alaska Native, saying his culture, language, and way of life is at risk.pic.twitter.com/pidyA2qKuM Proud to chair first ever @IndianCommittee field hearing in Savoonga, AK on overcrowded housing and the impacts on American Indian & Alaska Natives-- where witnesses gave testimonials to the issue as well as solutions.   It’s not uncommon for a household in rural Alaska to have multiple generations or multiple families living in them. The overcrowding rate in Bering Strait region is one of highest in AK w/ roughly 27% households classified as overcrowded. That’s more than 8.3 X national average. American hero, remarkable intellect, iron will, and unquestionable integrity—those are just some of the words that come to mind when I think of Senator John McCain.pic.twitter.com/NP7MFjlRK3 Congrats to the Olson family of Soldotna for being selected as the 2018 Alaska State Fair Farm Family of the Year! Brian and Laurie Olson own and operate Alaska Berries, a farm and winery on the Kenai Peninsula they officially started in 2007.pic.twitter.com/p05TTX0qOP This registry will track the health & safety of men & women who put their lives on the line in service of others, specifically to study the relationship w/ career-long exposure to dangerous toxins & fumes & the frequency of cancer in firefighters to determine if there's a link. I very proud that the funding package supporting defense, health, labor and education, which recently passed the Senate, included funding I advocated for to start-up the National Firefighter Cancer Registry.   John McCain has shown us all how to live each day with courage, passion and determination. He has faced his cancer in just that same way. My prayers are with John and his family. As we work to develop Alaska’s economic opportunities, it’s important that we put the right systems in place to prepare Alaskans to fill those good Alaskan jobs. Among many priorities for Alaska, I’m proud this package includes funding to support locally-led, high quality educational and job training opportunities for Alaskans of all ages. The Senate passed a funding package which included the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies (Labor-H) Appropriations bill for FY19.   Congrats to all the finalists for the 2019 Alaska Teacher of the Year. Each of these teachers goes above and beyond in empowering, inspiring, challenging, and motivating the next generation of Alaskans.   Modernizing infrastructure, bolstering training, and investing in the Arctic must all remain defense priorities. This funding pkg ensures that our men & women in uniform have the tools and resources they need to address our critical defense needs and keep Americans safe. From a national security standpoint, Alaska is among the most strategic places in the world. I proudly voted in favor of a funding package that includes the Defense Appropriations bill for FY 2019, which supports Alaska’s critical defense infrastructure.   My statement after meeting with the Supreme Court nominee, Judge Kavanaugh today.pic.twitter.com/rKrhRr5U9u This afternoon Supreme Court nominee Judge Kavanaugh and I met for the first time. We discussed a wide range of issues—from precedent, executive power, vouchers, Indian law, and healthcare, including women’s reproductive rights and protections for pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/S1HWKfrNLu As nations take advantage of emerging opportunities in the Arctic, our strategic presence is more important than ever. Whether creating stronger Arctic policies or strengthening partnerships across the region, we must continue to show our Arctic commitment  It’s not just about keeping a language alive; it is an identity, it is a purpose, it is a sense of self. That, to me, is priceless. I support grants provided by the Administration for Native Americans which enable younger generations to learn about their language and culture. Language is truly the foundation of how Native people live and express their culture- it is a part of their identity. Today in an Indian Affairs hearing we examined efforts to maintain and revitalize Native languages for future generations.pic.twitter.com/qcyDzdRtUl My bill w/ @SenAngusKing, the National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act, was considered during @EnergyGOP Public Lands, Forests & Mining Subcmte leg hearing. It renews a national program that will help ensure responsible land management & mitigate natural hazards.pic.twitter.com/3sHtdoWdcm Today Verne and I celebrate 31 years of marriage. I’m blessed to have him at my side as we have raised our sons and served our state. Happy anniversary!pic.twitter.com/9YqGR7zv3r Blockchain and cryptocurrencies like bitcoin have generated a great deal of interest lately, and today I chaired the first Energy Committee hearing on whether or not these technologies will soon have a transformative impact on energy infrastructure.pic.twitter.com/1D5LLr0cUc Many Alaska students and teachers start a new school year this week—an exciting time that's full of promise. As you settle in to learn new things & set new goals, know that I'm working in DC to ensure each of you have the tools you need to succeed.pic.twitter.com/Ew8zFukty0 I’m proud to have worked alongside Senator @PattyMurray of Washington to address the lack of trained individuals to collect the necessary forensic evidence to allow victims to pursue the justice that they need and deserve.   Alaska has 1 rape every 8 hrs –shocking stats coming out of the AK Uniform Crime Reporting Program '17 report. I commend the efforts to address the backlog of rape kits, but we must first address the shortage of sexual assault nurse examiners that provide medical forensic exams. Firefighters around the US regularly sacrifice their safety to protect others. Last night the Senate adopted my amendment w/ @SenatorMenendez to fund the startup of a national firefighter cancer registry, created b/c our bill which became law last month.    Most people probably don’t realize Alaska’s earthquakes account for 10 percent of the earthquakes on Earth! A good read on the work of seismologist Matt Gardine & the @uafairbanks staff to create user-friendly data to help educate Alaskans. … Last week the Department of @Energy’s Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs announced funding for 15 tribal energy infrastructure projects, including to 4 projects in Alaska:pic.twitter.com/pboa3uo3Wq Utilizing locally available resources is key to bringing energy costs down and increasing resilience and reliability. Energy technology innovation is taking place all over Alaska, and these awardees are just the latest evidence of that.    Was quietly working away in 7A on a flight between Fairbanks and Seattle on my way back to DC and looked out the window to this view.pic.twitter.com/tt2FnUDeZk The 13th Annual Chena Renewable Energy Fair is a great event promoting the groundbreaking work being done by Alaskans to harness the energy potential in AK. From the semi-infamous lettuce grow towers to the in-river hydro turbines at Iguigig- I love seeing ingenuity of Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/yDPZFw1Cwj Video of the totem pole raising in Klawock to honor all veterans. Thanks to Aaron Isaacs Jr., and all the efforts of those who made this possible.pic.twitter.com/mc9bqcYM53 30 yrs in the making, a US Army veterans dream became a reality — as a totem pole to honor all veterans was raised in Southeast Alaska.  This 37-ft totem pole in Klawock stands to honor those who have served our nation with valor and distinction.pic.twitter.com/zRGNs42Neo It’s the end of an era—Arctic Roadrunner in Spenard is closing today. I had one last Arctic cheeseburger and vanilla shake. Good memories growing up in the Turnagain neighborhood in Anchorage.pic.twitter.com/YPsvbLr2qy Congrats to Quinhagak on the opening of the Nunalleq Culture & Archaeology Center, a new museum showcasing 60,000 Yup’ik artifacts, ensuring their history and culture is cherished and protected for generations to come.   Recently, a group of Alaskan Firefighters joined the effort help fight the tragic wildfires facing our nation. Thankful for the brave men and women that not only put their lives on the line to protect Alaskans, but are also answering the call to serve in the lower 48. … Glad to see so many at Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0: Confronting Alaska’s Crime Wave, hosted by @SenDanSullivan to help address the addiction epidemic & inform our communities on how to reduce the devastation of crime in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/apguyOIjbl I am proud to be a part of this commonsense bill that will help phase out products being strategically marketed to our children, ensuring they have safer, healthier futures ahead.   E-cigarettes & cigars, have no place in the lives of our youth & shouldn’t be marketed to children, period. @SenatorDurbin & I introduced the SAFE Kids Act, which places strict limitations on the use of flavors in tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes & cigars.pic.twitter.com/htSE8bdTJr This new plan involves a shared stewardship and greater collaboration between federal, state, local, tribal leaders, and other stakeholders across boundaries. Combining our knowledge, assets, and capabilities will enable us to achieve the outcomes on the landscapes we all want. Across western states like AK, we're seeing the damaging impacts of wildfires, often worsened by lack of forest mgmt. Proud to stand w/ @USDA Sec. Perdue as he announced a new approach to reduce fire risk & improve forest conditions.  pic.twitter.com/PaN5XxBC4Q I was proud my resolution passed the Senate today designating August 16 as #NationalAirborneDay to honor our airborne armed service members. Thanks to all of our paratroopers who work every day to keep Alaskans and Americans safe.pic.twitter.com/j0xWWVzjh2 Today I chaired an Energy Committee hearing to consider two nominees for the Department of Energy (DOE). It was a good opportunity to make clear my support for programs like ARPA-E, and to discuss cybersecurity and the important role of DOE.pic.twitter.com/QFHT8yWW6T I look forward to seeing the remarkable things Tara will do with this position. Great to have another Alaskan voice at the table! … It’s great to see the collaborative efforts between local, state, and federal agencies that are helping create a brighter future for our state. I was proud to work the mine throughout this process and glad my staff could be a part of the celebration.pic.twitter.com/96EuDpECkh Glad my staff could attend the groundbreaking for the Fort Knox Mine expansion. Fort Knox, one of the largest gold producing areas in AK, is 100% local hire, provides 630 jobs, economic stability, & makes significant investments in the Alaska Mental Health Trust.pic.twitter.com/DTV5ghR2ZI Right now, wildfires are ravaging our country from Arizona to Alaska. I’m encouraged that the priorities in my appropriations bill will help us respond to disasters as well as detect potential disasters earlier, allowing more time to prepare and keep Americans safe. Alaska is no stranger to natural disasters. I’m proud my Interior bill includes support for AK to develop/enhance earthquake monitoring capabilities, build upon increases for the volcano hazards program, & fully fund the 10-yr avg cost of our nation’s wildfire suppression needs.pic.twitter.com/84IojIR2e6 On August 12th a small airplane crashed at an airstrip near the town of Delta Junction. Thankfully, the 2 people involved in the crash have both been rescued by the Alaska Air National Guard. Thank you to the brave men & women who helped in rescue efforts  In Southeast Alaska, shipbuilding is a bright spot in the region, offering good, skilled jobs & supporting our state’s valuable maritime industry. @ComdtUSCG & I recently toured the Vigor Alaska Ketchikan Shipyard. Amazing to see behind-the-scenes of a growing industry in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/parMG42YK1 Great to see the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) signed into law. This legislation provides a much-needed pay raise for our troops & ensures our men & women in uniform have the training & tools they need to keep America safe & secure. … It was a good opportunity catch up with these small brewing co. owners to gain insight on how things are going for local businesses, hear their concerns over the impacts of steel & aluminum tariffs, as well as benefits from the tax reform bill cutting their excise tax in half. … As co-chair of the Senate Small Brewers Caucus, I make it a point to visit our small brewers in Alaska. I recently visited @baranofbrew in Sitka & the newly opened Bawden St. Brewing Co. in Ketchikan. A common theme --their contribution to the local economy & community pride.pic.twitter.com/SATOatkE31 Good news for Alaskans in the Juneau area--- because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which became law last December, AEL&P saw significant savings in their tax expense and is passing that along to its customers by cutting electric rates by 6.73 percent. … OceansAlaska is leading the way in Southeast for mariculture efforts. While I was in Ketchikan, I had the opportunity to visit the marine science center and shellfish hatchery and see some of their operations firsthand, such as maturing oysters from seedlings.pic.twitter.com/nl7jmQV3A8 I appreciate you taking the time to visit Alaska and for all the @USCG does for our state! … Thank you also @usairforce Secretary Heather Wilson for visiting servicemen and woman at Joint Base Elemendorf-Richardson--- to see firsthand the operations in Alaska, which will soon host both of the Air Force’s modern stealth fighters.pic.twitter.com/JivLgl3Ms7 Proud to have @USArmy Secretary Mark Esper make the trip to Alaska recently to meet with soldiers at Ft. Wainwright and Ft. Richardson. Thanks to Sec. Esper for visiting the Army’s bases in Alaska and understanding the strategic importance Alaska plays in our nation’s security.pic.twitter.com/FOOyBEfmqk I was honored to be in Ketchikan for the christening of the first state ferry to be built in Alaska, by Alaskans. The Tazlina, meaning “swift river” in Athabascan, is truly a state-of-the-art vessel. (1 of 2) … This is the first of a new fleet of ferries that will provide safe, efficient marine transportation throughout coastal Alaska for generations to come. (2 of 2)pic.twitter.com/B6ZY8aUU2Y pic.twitter.com/a4oVCxJu58 Great to visit to crews & assets stationed in Petersburg w/ US @USCG Commandant Admiral Shultz & 17th CG District Commander Admiral Bell. This gave me the opportunity to highlight the importance of CG to the community & for the health/safety of its large commercial fishing fleet.pic.twitter.com/HKmhjYP0mG In talking to the crew of the USCGC John F. McCormick, it was great to hear firsthand their love for this ship —from the advanced technology to the boat operations allowing them to operate safer and quicker. I agree with Admiral Shultz this ship is going to be game changing in AKpic.twitter.com/Wuw1cfabga The @USCG  Commandant Admiral Shultz & I toured one of the Coast Guard’s newest vessels —USCGC John F. McCormick— a Fast Response Cutter homeported in Ketchikan.  (1 of 2)pic.twitter.com/OPVYaoCTnt It was an honor to host the Commandant of the @USCG in Alaska. Admiral Karl Schultz was able to meet men & women serving in Alaska, who ensure the safety and security of Alaska waters. Extremely valuable to see Coast Guard assets and operations here in Southeast Alaska.pic.twitter.com/Zwy1wD56ec There are no easy solutions to the problem, but by coming together to identify gaps in services, we can make significant steps towards healthier communities. … Far too many families are impacted by addiction & substance abuse. In Ketchikan, I met with the Medically Assisted Treatment group —multiple agencies & medical providers who have come together in a collaborative way to address the issue of opioid abuse and addiction as a whole.pic.twitter.com/oFdWK45IN0 I loved the chance to tour the Sitka National Historical Park museum and see the partnership between the Sitka Tribe and @NatlParkService. Preserving our history and sharing the story of the people that have been part of these lands for centuries is so important.pic.twitter.com/fQdEW7qJAv Great story and project all around —the Tongass Tiny Home is being built by students in a Sitka H.S. construction class, using local materials such as wood from the Tongass National Forest. A wonderful example of buying local and responsibly utilizing our sustainable resources.pic.twitter.com/79lAUTquH7 I visited Sitka National Historical Park and was pleased to see the recently constructed Indian River pedestrian bridge, which replaced a 50-year-old bridge that was in a state of disrepair — just one example of the importance of upkeep in our national parks.pic.twitter.com/322os2JI1b I’ve worked to ensure our nation’s public lands receive the funding they need for infrastructure improvements as maintaining our Parks in Alaska is key to both local visitors & our tourism.pic.twitter.com/kw8q3iSIqu Thanks @KRBDRadio for the opportunity to talk about everything from the Supreme Court vacancy, the attempt for an Alaska-specific Roadless Rule, and what I’m doing here in Alaska and back in DC.pic.twitter.com/UcvCKXqw8L Sharing some more pictures from my visit to @SitkaSciencepic.twitter.com/3jyISg3r9G Great to visit @SitkaScience & see firsthand some of the research & education underway. Their research covers a range of topics in marine science, including ocean acidification. I’m so impressed of their work and support for Alaska’s ocean and coastal ecosystems.pic.twitter.com/Vd9MZGuDNp Thankful to catch up w/ so many at the Sitka Chamber luncheon today --to provide a legislative update on what we're accomplishing back in DC -- from support for our veterans and military, to progress on funding bills which will have a big impact on our state.pic.twitter.com/cSk5kgkLhA I appreciate the opportunity to hear from folks today from the city, Sitka Tribe of Alaska, local school district, @USCG & @forestservice. It's so valuable for me to hear what's happening on the ground & discuss opportunities to ensure a healthy community for generations to come.pic.twitter.com/a2b3JMZvMJ In Sitka today I had productive discussions between leaders in the community --covering everything from what's happening in the schools, the high cost of housing and utilities, other local economic concerns, land issues, and much more.pic.twitter.com/6LeG2L9v4u My sincere condolences to the families of those who perished in the Denali crash. My thoughts and prayers are with those families, including the Rust family of K2 Aviation. The entire Alaska aviation community is devastated by this tragic news. … Welcome to Alaska! Thanks for being a part of this important event. … Thanks to United States @Surgeon_General, Jerome Adams, for taking part in the 2018 Alaska Prevention Summit. I hope your breakfast at MyHouse Mat-Su Homeless Youth Center was a great way to kick off your day.pic.twitter.com/eyqb3b6myI #PurpleHeartDay is a time to recognize those who have been injured or who paid the ultimate sacrifice while serving in our Armed forces. To all the Purple Heart recipients who helped protect this great nation- Alaska and America will be forever grateful.pic.twitter.com/eG5VxCKthW In light of a funding package which recently passed the Senate containing $15 million to support the work of the Commission, I was especially pleased to have the chance to discuss the continued support for rural Alaska. … I met w/ John Torgerson, Interim Federal Co-Chair for the Denali Commission—the lead agency in assisting communities facing coastal erosion, flooding & permafrost degradation threats in AK. The Commission also supports economic development & infrastructure in rural areas.pic.twitter.com/XaBgGzWVLb Today Col. Christopher Niemi officially handed over the reins of Command of the Air Force's 3rd Wing to Col. Robert Davis. Thanks to Col. Niemi and his wife, Janice, for their leadership and service to the 3rd Wing, the Air Force and the United States.pic.twitter.com/T9DkxBjD02 Congrats to the Usibelli family for 75 yrs of operating and producing the world's cleanest coal in Healy, Alaska! Usibelli Coal Mine’s pioneering spirit has employed hundreds of 2nd, 3rd & 4th generation Alaskans and is a great example of what responsible mining in AK looks like.pic.twitter.com/N7vVLff2cj I’m pleased that my bill prioritizes Alaska’s unique needs and helps ensure a safer, healthier environment for all Alaskans.  Among many Alaska initiatives, my interior bill includes funding to bring basic water and sewer systems to communities in rural parts of our state, provides increased support for Targeted Airshed Grants, and prohibits the EPA from shutting down small, remote incinerators. In Alaska we strive to collaborate with the EPA on their core mission to ensure clean air, land, and water while ensuring that our potential is not squandered by overly burdensome, unnecessary regulations. My Interior bill makes progress in striking that healthy balance. Reminder- my staff has a booth set up at the Tanana Valley State Fair. I encourage everyone in the area to stop by and say hello!pic.twitter.com/8U95e0p1Tr Happy birthday @uscg - Thank you for 228 years of service and for all you do for the great state of Alaska. #SemperParatuspic.twitter.com/ozr2x6TWV9 This Act will award Congress’s highest honor to Dorothy Vaughan, Katherine Johnson, Mary Jackson, & Dr. Christine Darden, 4 black women who served as mathematicians, programmers, and engineers at NASA at the infancy of the Space age when the agency was emerging from segregation. This week I introduced the Hidden Figures Congressional Gold Medal Act alongside my colleagues, Senators @KamalaHarris and @ChrisCoons.   Census data helps ensure fair allocations of funding for federal programs that are vital to Native communities, including housing, healthcare, and education. Unfortunately, getting accurate Census data in rural Alaska and throughout Indian Country is no simple task. Census data is incredibly significant to Alaska Natives as it’s used by Tribes and Tribal Organizations to make informed decisions about the future of their people. This week, alongside @SenatorHeitkamp  and Senator @amyklobuchar , I requested information on the Census Bureau’s plan to ensure an accurate and cost-effective 2020 Census count in tribal communities.   I appreciate the work done by Secretary Perdue for recognizing the need for economic relief in these communities, and look forward to continuing to work with the administration, state officials, Sen. Sullivan, and Congressman Young to see this process through to the finish line. Yesterday the State of Alaska and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to officially initiate the rulemaking process to develop an Alaska-specific Roadless Rule, ensuring greater access to our national forests. The Roadless Rule has never made sense in Alaska. This announcement will help put us on a path to ensure the Tongass is once again a working forest and a multiple use forest for all who live in southeast.  For many in Alaska, air travel is simply a way of life. With over 80 percent of our communities not accessible by road, flying connects people and communities. My interior bill provides significant and necessary investments to help safeguard our pilots and Alaskan communities. We know that in Alaska, air travel isn’t just a means of transportation- it’s a lifeline. I’m proud that my Interior bill includes $7.7 million for Alaska mapping initiatives that will help gather data to improve maps, enhancing the safety of activities such as aviation.pic.twitter.com/gmxENnLGhN My Interior bill increases funding for @forestservice recreation activities, including upkeep of cabins & trails, and provides more resources for permitting programs that will allow more businesses to operate in Alaska’s national forests.  My Interior funding bill is all about protecting water, people & our lands. It includes funding for infrastructure improvements & deferred maintenance on our public lands. From @GatesArcticNPS to @DenaliNPS & more --maintaining our parks is key for local visitors & our tourism. Our national security must always remain a top priority. Thanks to @SenDanSullivan for his work in helping to craft a bill that pushes the Defense Dept. toward a more robust Arctic strategy & expanding military presence in Alaska to further strengthen our defense capabilities. This bill strongly supports the work of the Missile Defense Agency, includes a pay raise for our service members, bolsters our military’s cold weather capabilities, and sends a firm signal that Congress expects to see the construction of six new polar icebreakers. Yesterday, the Senate passed the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), legislation to help ensure our men and women of the military have the training, resources, and tools they need to defend our nation.   The bill also funds a new grant program to help bring basic water & sewer to communities in need. The impact these resources will have to our rural communities– and for public health– cannot be understated. Far too many communities across Alaska lack access to safe, clean water. My Interior bill which just passed the Senate provides funding to improve wastewater & drinking water systems.pic.twitter.com/gQIkd47yet I’m encouraged that this bill, which passed with a strong, bipartisan vote of 92-6, will create opportunities for Alaskans to grow our economy and create safer and healthier communities.    My Interior Environment Approps bill for FY19 contained in a funding package, passed the Senate today. This is the 1st time in nearly a decade that the Interior bill was considered on the Senate floor, including final passage- an important milestone that I was proud to lead. As a member of the Approps Cmte & Chair of the Interior-Environment Approps Subcmte, I’m proud to have secured funding in the bill to further develop AK's transportation & housing infrastructure, protect our land & water, & improve the safety, health & well-being of Alaskans. In a 92-6 vote, the Senate passed a funding package containing 4 FY19 funding bills. I’m proud these bills will create opportunities for Alaskans & I'm equally proud that the progress we’ve made to advance these bills was done in a bipartisan manner.    Thanks to Interior Appropriations subcmte Ranking Member @SenatorTomUdall for helping shape this Interior-Environment bill to reflect priorities of members on both sides of the aisle. I look forward to passage of this bill. My Interior bill does right by Indian Country, restoring proposed cuts of over a billion dollars in critical funding for the Bureau of Indian Affairs & Indian Health Service- including funding to help combat the opioid crisis & improve healthcare for Alaska Natives. I’m proud of the provisions in my Interior bill, such as full funding for the PILT program, maintaining funding for the LWCF program & robust funding for wildfire prevention and suppression efforts--to ensure crews have the resources they need. As Chairman of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, I’m proud that my FY19 Interior-Environment Appropriations bill was brought before the full Senate for consideration- the 1st time that the Interior bill has done so since FY10. Passing this bill would be a real milestone. This critical 4-bill funding package represents the commitment that both sides have made to create an environment where we can work through tough issues on appropriations bills in a bipartisan fashion. This funding package includes 4 bills: Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development; Financial Services & General Government; Agriculture, Rural Development, & FDA; & my Interior-Environment Appropriations bill. Speaking on the Senate floor now about the FY19 appropriations funding package. Watch live here:   Click audio to hear me weigh in on the Mueller investigation underway.pic.twitter.com/czpBIpo2hb Click audio for my response when asked during my Access Live event on how we address coastal erosion.pic.twitter.com/NJX09PiXxX During my access live event, several folks weighed in with their thoughts on the Supreme Court nominee. Know that I take this responsibility very seriously, which is why I take the vetting and process that goes w/ the vetting the nominee very seriously.pic.twitter.com/Sx82WzwfvY I always appreciate the opportunity to connect with Alaskans. Thanks to all for joining me in conversation during my Access Live event last night.pic.twitter.com/SSxRNGDhL2 As we work to support the unique agricultural needs of Alaska, I remain committed to resisting changed to SNAP and protecting my Micro-Grants for Food Security provision, to fight hunger in Alaska and increase the quality and quantity of locally grown food. I sent a letter to leaders on the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry ---to urge them to consider specific Alaska priorities when the Conference Committee collaborates to develop the final Farm bill with the House.   Even as a strong supporter of the Second Amendment- this is not right. … Becky explained that because of the high number or rural facilities across our state, national regulatory practices impact Alaska more negatively than others. We must do more to ensure we have the systems and regulations in place to best support Alaska’s diverse needs. During a HELP Committee hearing on reducing healthcare costs by decreasing admin. spending, I questioned AK witness Becky Hultberg, President/CEO of the AK State Hospital & Nursing Home Assn, on opportunities to reduce the administrative burden on delivering healthcare in AK.pic.twitter.com/gT5qYZWnba If you didn’t receive a phone call for my Access Live event, that doesn’t mean you have to miss out on the issues being discussed! Here, Alaskans can listen live to the interactive phone call.  pic.twitter.com/tGJVYZ2uIl ICYMI: Today is the last day to register for tonight’s “Access Live” event, taking place @ 6PM AK, local time. This is an interactive phone call for Alaskans to share the issues most important to them. Don’t miss out on the conversation! Register here:   … Alaskans, don’t forget to register for my “Access Live” event, happening TONIGHT at 6PM Alaska, local time. I want to ensure that Alaskan’s voices are heard. So whether you want to ask a question, or simply listen in, click here to join the conversation:  .pic.twitter.com/fB34jfmjlu Alaskans, what did you do on Ted Stevens Day to get out and play? I hiked out onto the Matanuska Glacier with my husband Verne, went hiking with my son Matt and friends, and goofed around at a photo booth with friends.pic.twitter.com/TCH9XJw9H7 Tourism plays a vital role in Alaska’s economy, and because of our state's beauty- that comes as no surprise. A good read on why so many consider AK to be the best place to take a cruise.   I always look forward to connecting with Alaskans. Don't forget to tune in to my "Access Live" event on Monday July 30th @ 6p AKT. Register here:  pic.twitter.com/aZdvBShlEQ Today–on Ted Stevens Day–we honor the life & legacy of Sen. Ted Stevens, by coming together as Alaskans in appreciation for all that makes Alaska great--our great outdoors. Let’s pay tribute to Uncle Ted & his love for our state. This weekend “Get Out and Play!”pic.twitter.com/AkZlLpxPRw REMINDER FOR ALASKANS: This Monday, July 30th @ 6pm AKT, I'm holding my “Access Live” event- a chance for you to ask me questions about the issues that interest you the most. To register, click here:  . I look forward to hearing from you!pic.twitter.com/ptBwNzupdQ .@SenCortezMasto & I recently introduced the End Trafficking of Native Americans Act. Proud to drive an effort to help improve national collaboration between various agencies, tribal communities & local law enforcement to help address human trafficking.    Alaskans—I want to connect with you. This Monday, July 30th @ 6pm, Alaska local time, I’m planning on holding an “Access Live” event-- an interactive phone call that invites you to ask me questions & hear directly from me. To participate, register here:  pic.twitter.com/Dm6PYra52F I met with the AK Coalition on Housing & Homelessness (AKCH2) to discuss overcrowded homes in rural communities, our lack of affordable housing, the high number of homeless veterans, & the need for improved infrastructure across AK. Thanks to AKCH2 for their continued advocacy.pic.twitter.com/xzwDjSyaME In recent years, Alaska had been making good progress with China in developing a stronger, more balanced trade relationship, so the recently imposed seafood tariffs have understandably rattled our state. The seafood industry is Alaska’s number one private industry in terms of the jobs and the economic opportunity it brings. Approximately 40% of our salmon exports, 54% of our cod exports, and a significant portion of our shellfish were imported to China just last year. During a Commerce, Justice, Science Approps hearing, I asked Robert E. Lighthizer, Ambassador of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, what assurances he could give for the future of the seafood industry- for the sake of our fishermen, our processors & the state of AK.pic.twitter.com/7yALhrZdP5 The St. Vincent de Paul navigator program is doing incredible work for the homeless in Juneau. From providing housing to offering encouragement & aid in their everyday lives- thanks to all who make this program a success. … Today, in light of Soldotna gearing up to celebrate Progress Days and honor Marge with her very own “Marge Mullen Appreciation Day”, I spoke on the Senate floor to offer my deepest thanks and best wishes to Marge as she continues to influence her community and that state of AK. Marge Mullen became the first official female homesteader in Soldotna, AK after moving there in 1947. Now 98 years old, she is revered as the town’s unofficial historian, bringing the early days of Soldotna to light through her teachings & digital lessons.  Today the Senate HELP Committee approved the 'Patient’s Right to Know Drug Prices Act', legislation I cosponsored, which prohibits health insurers & pharmacy managers from misleading patients on drug prices.  Proud to have worked closely with AK stakeholders & my colleagues on the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee to make Perkins more reflective of local needs to ensure we have the systems & resources in place to train more Alaskans for good Alaskan jobs. This legislation has played a part in helping school districts and the University of Alaska system prepare Alaskans for jobs in construction, health services, office management, and elsewhere. Recently, the Senate unanimously passed legislation to reauthorize the Carl Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, a law crucial to helping our nation’s students obtain skills to be successful in today’s workplace.   There is simply no substitute for U.S. production, for as long as we need it, even as we seek to diversify away from oil. That’s why I believe it was the right move to open the Coastal Plain of ANWR to responsible development. #EnergySecurity is #NationalSecurity Global oil demand is rising, not falling. Our best course is to continue with our efforts to produce more oil here at home. As we produce more, we are creating #jobs, generating revenues, and bringing a degree of #stability and confidence to global markets. This year has been marked by greater volatility in global oil prices, which has shown up in the prices being paid at the pump by nearly every American family and business. Today I led an Energy hearing to receive testimony on why this is and what lies ahead.pic.twitter.com/btBinxclNI I urge the President to take a broader view of the impacts his trade policy is having and recognize that trade assistance is no substitute for trade itself. The administration’s announcement of $12 billion in aid is an admission that tariffs are hurting, not helping, our country. Yet, farmers are hardly the only ones caught in the crossfire -- so, too, are our fishermen, the energy industry, and many others.  This week I’m proud to manage on the Senate floor an appropriations bill package where all members of the Senate have an opportunity to debate appropriations bills and offer amendments. This is the way government should work.pic.twitter.com/0K7X38xAJv I have long believed that its crucial the Senate should return to regular order, where we vote appropriations bills out of committee w/ bipartisan support and bring them to the Senate floor. Proud we are at that point.pic.twitter.com/t5ZEYQ60C3 This is the first time that the Interior bill has been before the full Senate since FY 2010.  I worked with my Ranking Member of the subcommittee, @SenatorTomUdall to shape this bill so that it reflects the priorities of members on both sides of the aisle.pic.twitter.com/AslyZQ3xJt These funding bills have all passed out of the full Appropriations Committee with strong bipartisan support ---which shows the commitment that both sides have made to create an environment where we can work through tough issues in a bipartisan fashion. As chairman of the Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee, I was selected to manage this package of bills on the Senate floor. I’m honored as these are important bills and look forward to working through this process with all of my colleagues. Last night the Senate moved to consideration on an appropriations (government funding bill) package that includes the following 4 FY19 bills: my Interior-Environment bill; Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration; Transportation, Housing and Urban Development.pic.twitter.com/ZO5oS6kyYt I am confident that Mr. Wilkie will use his previous knowledge of Capitol Hill, the Pentagon, and the VA to build upon the momentum that has been created by Congress in these recent months to secure greater care and support for our nation’s heroes.   Congrats to Robert L. Wilkie on being confirmed as Secretary of Veterans Affairs with overwhelming bipartisan support. Because Alaska has more veterans per capita than any other state in the U.S., it is especially important that we have the right individual to lead the VA. Whether it’s developing drinking water & wastewater systems for communities in need, helping protect Alaska’s lands from wildfires, or investing in the health and wellness of Alaskans, this legislation provides significant investments for my state and nation. As Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee, I’m proud to announce that my FY19 Interior Appropriations bill has reached the Senate floor for consideration, for the first times since FY 2010.  As a part of @cspan “Alaska week”, I was recently interviewed by @cspanwj on my the benefits my @EnergyGOP chairmanship brings to AK, my efforts to educate my colleagues on opportunities & challenges in AK & my process of vetting the Supreme Court nominee.   I was happy to tour the Matunuck Oyster Bar and Farm with owner Perry Raso when I visited Rhode Island last Friday – a great opportunity to see the farm Raso founded in 2002 and experience some “pond to plate” cuisine on the East Coast.pic.twitter.com/HmXpfz52bc I love the entrepreneurial spirit of Alaskans. Enjoyed reading this story about small business owner Deven Jackson of Anchorage, who may the youngest-ever business owner to have a shop at the Dimond Center. Best of luck to Deven on his endeavors! … Excited that a number of AK's airports will receive much needed infrastructure improvements as a part of grants awarded by the Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration through the Airport Improvement Program. Big win for AK! … Great to see companies pass on benefits they’ve seen from the tax reform bill to their employees, customers, and the community. Thanks to Blue Cross Blue Shield for investing in helping homeless youth in Alaska.   Block Island Wind Farm (BIWF), a system of 5 turbines off the coast of Rhode Island is linked to the New England grid & has reduced residents’ electric rates by nearly 40%. As I work to help lower the cost of #energy in AK, it’s helpful to get insight from projects like BIWF.pic.twitter.com/uBb3HLi7CM Congratulations to Alaska Electric Light and Power as you celebrate your 125th anniversary in Juneau.pic.twitter.com/gJElG90xSY I joined a bipartisan group of senators in calling the administration to not separate children from their families. The families who were broken up must be reunited immediately. There are more effective & humane ways to enforce our immigration laws.   This morning I chaired an ENR hearing to better understand the administration’s reorganization proposals for the Depts. of @Energy & the @Interior. We must consider those ideas, and move forward on those that best serve the American people.pic.twitter.com/qayTEbd17P From traveling throughout the railbelt, Southeast, as well as the Bristol Bay region, I’ve had a busy start to the summer so far, connecting with Alaskans. Check out my newsletter for more on my work in the state and here in the Senate.   #OnlyinAlaska do communities face a situation like this: the government recently approved the early opening of a subsistence seal harvest for the remote island of St. George due to a grocery shortage and frequent flight cancelations.  Thanks for all you do to address hunger issues to help ensure no Alaskan goes hungry! @FoodbankOfAlaska … We must work to identify where harassment is its most pervasive; where it has been allowed to foster in a culture of silence, disrespect, intimidation, and abuse. And we must #empower victims to speak out. The #EMPOWERAct works to curb workplace harassment and increase transparency and accountability. I was proud to introduce the #EMPOWERAct w/ Senator @KamalaHarris in the Senate and grateful for the support of @RepLoisFrankel in the House to help identify areas to allow justice for victims and put an end to harassment.   By delaying the implementation of the EVV system, we are giving Alaskans enough time to set up a system that will effectively serve our state. The EVV system requires providers to check in and check out electronically to ensure Medicaid is not being over-billed. It has the potential to greatly improve the health & welfare of patients by validating delivery & billing of services, while reducing potential waste & fraud. Proud my bill is on its way to the President’s desk to be signed into law, which will ensure Alaskans have adequate time to thoughtfully develop an effective Electronic Visit Verification (EVV) system.   Happy to meet with Claire Ketzler, from Fairbanks, & other students in the INSPIRE Pre-College Program, which provides Native American & Alaska Native high school students a first-hand look at our government in action.pic.twitter.com/2dkgPeMXD6 Think I need @SenAngusKing to give me some pointers on how to get a moose or a salmon emoji. I want to celebrate #NationalEmojiDay the Alaskan way. … I’m grateful to @Rasmuson for working alongside Alaskan partners for so many years to address the housing challenges in AK for working families, rural professionals, seniors, and others in need. Glad that the Rasmuson Foundation was selected to receive this year’s U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary’s Award for Public-Philanthropic Partnerships in recognition of the positive impact that foundation has had on Alaskans in need  Today I chaired an ENR hearing on the Dept. of the @Interior’s final list of critical minerals for 2018, and to examine our nation’s mineral security. Our foreign dependence has almost doubled in the past two decades alone, and vulnerability is not a place where I want to be.pic.twitter.com/QOv3d0YWVQ My statement on the joint press conference between President Trump and Russian President Putin today in Helsinki.pic.twitter.com/fKDVYbhODA I remain committed to ensuring the proper training and resources are available for medical providers, so that survivors can seek redress and receive the justice they deserve This bill will direct HHS to expand access to medical forensic exams of sexual assault by developing federal standards around examinations & treatment, expand training & services for providers, & create a national sexual assault taskforce. Survivors of sexual assault domestic violence need to have reliable access to medical forensic exams and support. I joined @PattyMurray on a bipartisan bill to increase access to forensic exams and care for survivors.  Congratulations to my former Military Fellow, Air Force Commander Lieutenant Colonel Taona Enriquez, for taking over command of the 673d Contracting Squadron at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage. I look forward to seeing the amazing work you’ll do in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/xrozbBrC3W This Pilot Program will help ensure that Alaska Native Languages are preserved and protected. By strengthening our Native languages, we strengthen both the community & the individual, helping Native languages survive for generations to come.  Glad to see AK made the list on receiving a nationwide Native language immersion program grant  to support language & culture ed programs in tribal communities. Funding will go to Ahtna Nekenaege' Ugheldze' Ghitnaa Pilot Project at the Ya Ne Dah Ah Tribal School in Chickaloon. Chuck Kleeschulte, a longtime member of my staff who recently retired, was selected as a Congressional Management Foundation’s Lifetime Achievement Award finalist. Proud he's being recognized for his achievements on behalf of Alaska & our nation. #DemocracyAwards @CongressFdnpic.twitter.com/XDSTJCVYOv I joined a Senate Oceans Caucus briefing featuring speakers from various sectors of the ocean economy to discuss the role that ocean data and observations play in supporting marine transportation, energy development, tourism, and fisheries.pic.twitter.com/vDb8bZF2fW I'm proud to stand up for victims of sexual assault, alongside @PattyMurray, by introducing the Survivors’ Access to Supportive Care Act, to provide to provide states & hospitals w/ necessary training & resources so victims can receive the support & justice they need and deserve. More often than not sexual assault survivors in Alaska aren’t able to seek justice against their perpetrator, because they are unable to gather the evidence after the assault due to lack of trained individuals to help collect that forensic evidence.   The Firefighter Cancer Registry Act supports important research into what causes cancer among our nation’s bravest as well as potential prevention strategies. I'm hopeful that the data gathered through this law will help improve safety for paid & unpaid firefighters, nationwide. Proud to announce that the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, legislation I cosponsored which creates a national cancer registry to collect data & improve research surrounding incidents of cancer among firefighters, has been signed into law.   Regulatory uncertainty brought on by delay or, worse, deadlock at FERC for our nation’s energy delivery infrastructure is concerning. We need to remain focused on FERC & natural gas transportation & electric transmission – lifelines for affordable, clean, diverse & secure energy. Today I chaired an ENR hearing to examine policy issues facing interstate delivery networks for natural gas and electricity, which was prompted by last month’s oversight hearing of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (@FERC).pic.twitter.com/9jRyPlDiui Kikkan Randall is as tough as they come. Kikkan – you will fight this challenge just like you face the course ---with tenacity, strength, and courage. We are with you! … A great opportunity for folks to learn about the importance subsistence whaling for both the food security & cultural vitality of Arctic communities. It's vital that AK’s whaling communities are assured they'll be able to continue subsistence bowhead hunts going forward.pic.twitter.com/zxuCZSHYMH Proud to join @SenDanSullivan, @DonYoungAK & the Oceans Caucus Foundation to host an event to highlight the importance & tradition of subsistence whaling in AK’s Arctic while reps from the AK Eskimo Whaling Commission are here in DC.pic.twitter.com/5cTyzrqno5 It has been an honor to work w/ Lt. Gen. Shields, Director of the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization, over the years who is retiring after many years of service. I appreciate all of the work Lt. Gen. Shields has done throughout his decorated career for our great nation.pic.twitter.com/wdYn59q0yY While it’s clear we still have much to do in terms of ending the epidemic once and for all, it’s encouraging to see that we are providing the practical tools and knowledge needed to fight opioids in our Alaskan communities. Great news: According to the AK Prescription Drug Monitoring Program, the # of opioid prescriptions & the # of patients receiving prescription opioids has lowered about 10% due to prescription changes & increased education   I’m proud that the Micro-Grants for Food Security program, a provision I authored, was included in the recently passed Farm Bill. This provision will create a new grant to support Alaskans’ ability to grow their own food in their own backyards. Congress funds a range of programs to support farmers and ranchers, but historically there have been few programs available to help tribes, communities, individuals, and nonprofits to grow their own food.   Incredibly relieved to hear that all 12 of the children and their coach that were trapped in a cave in Thailand have been safely rescued. Special thanks to the Thai Navy SEALs for their heroic efforts. … My statement on the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to be the next Supreme Court justice:pic.twitter.com/SEZmSbZg9C During my annual Alaska Report, my 1st session of summer interns had a chance to ask me questions about everything from my favorite activities in AK to the work I’m doing to boost our economy. Special thanks to each of them for their work in my office.  For too long, many Alaskans lacked access to books and reading materials. Now, Alaskans statewide can access a variety of book services online, for free! A positive, enriching resource for our state.  From touring old and young growth sites to visiting locally-owned mills, I was pleased @SecretarySonny Perdue got to see first-hand the unique challenges of our state, & the opportunities better forest management can bring to help strengthen the economy and health of the forest.pic.twitter.com/xBm7JI5biS This week, @USDA @SecretarySonny Perdue joined me for a roundtable discussion in Southeast AK to hear from locals about forest management issues in the Tongasspic.twitter.com/mtIGPeBFrY I’m glad that industry representatives had a chance to help educate Secretary Acosta on Alaska’s world-class fisheries and to give feedback on their experiences with the current H-2B Visa Program.pic.twitter.com/GFgo6fPQVX Recently joined U.S. Secretary of Labor Alexander Acosta in King Salmon & Naknek for a round-table discussion on the unique challenges & vast opportunities of the Bristol Bay salmon fisheries.pic.twitter.com/RsEMKoZDJl Happy 4th of July, everyone!pic.twitter.com/gVbW5hJUjD I was proud to show Secretary Acosta the innovative work happening through this organization and I thank CITC for their continued effort to "honor the past while shaping the future."pic.twitter.com/739CKCVKu7 Recently, U.S. Labor Secretary Acosta joined me for a roundtable discussion and tour of the Cook Inlet Tribal Council (CITC) Employment and Training Center, including a tour of their FAB LAB.pic.twitter.com/RLugjdk2Pp From discussing the gasline workforce training program to highlighting which USDOL  programs work for AK and which could be made to fit better- I am glad to give Secretary Acosta a first-hand look at the unique opportunities and challenges our labor sector faces in Alaska. Proud to have U.S. Secretary of Labor Alexander Acosta joined me for an Anchorage Workforce Development Roundtable w/ Members of the Alaska Workforce Investment Board.pic.twitter.com/cKf0TWGW13 She truly has a heart for all Native people. As a proud Inupiaq, she has lived first-hand the challenges that many in Indian Country face. As a strong leader and manager, she will do everything in her power to bring the agencies under her back on course. Congrats to Tara Sweeney on her confirmation to be the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at @Interior by the Senate’s unanimous vote. She's eminently qualified for the position & is a non-controversial nominee w/ support across the political spectrum   Access to energy is fundamental to reducing poverty, improving health, increasing productivity, and promoting economic growth. We’re working hard to get the Alaska LNG project going, which is designed to move more than 20 million metric tons of LNG each year. #EnergyAccess Global access to sustainable energy is truly within our reach, and it was a privilege to kick off a discussion on the 3rd day of the @WGC2018 on why access is so critically important, regardless of where you live.pic.twitter.com/Mb5zADrTUo My statement on Justice Kennedy announcing his retirement:pic.twitter.com/svr3dbWUi6 The importance of icebreakers increases as sea ice diminishes & marine traffic increases, especially since the Arctic is becoming increasingly desirable for exploration of oil, gas & minerals. Our country needs a fleet of icebreakers to adequately meet Arctic mission demands. I'm pleased that full funding for the design/construction of the 1st heavy polar icebreaker was included in Senate Approps Cmte’s Homeland Security FY19 bill since 3 countries announced their commitment to building new icebreakers (China, Canada, & Norway)   I am so glad to see the ruling to reunite all children that have been separated from their parents within 30 days. Great news. … I’m proud of the progress we’ve made in advancing appropriations bills in a bipartisan manner & that we have prioritized creating opportunities for AK by promoting energy development, investing in rural infrastructure, and giving our military and veterans the support they need. The Senate recently passed a funding package, which combines the Energy and Water; Military Construction-Veterans Affairs; and Legislative Branch Appropriations bills for Fiscal Year 2019.   Today I chaired an ENR hearing to consider four nominees to the Dept. of @Energy. We must remain committed to #EnergyInnovation to help bring down the costs of new technologies to keep energy affordable, strengthen the economy, and address climate change.pic.twitter.com/3uUV2ZW4u4 This week marks the last of my first session of summer interns here in D.C. Tonight we got together for some delicious BBQ to thank each of them for their service to my office & the state of Alaska.pic.twitter.com/OU2oU7nxxW Congrats to Master Sergeant Cody C. Inman, a pararescueman w/ the 212th Rescue Squadron at JBER, on receiving 2 Bronze Stars, one of which has a “V” for Valor. MSgt Inman has served on 8 deployments, & I appreciate what he and his family have done in service of this nation.pic.twitter.com/HsPL58GSHa Every summer, the brown bears of Katmai gather at Brooks Falls to hunt the salmon coming upstream to spawn. I love having  access to an up close look at Alaska's incredible wildlife!  My recently introduced “Arctic Farm” bill aims to put fishermen on a level playing field, recognizing they are indeed “farmers” of the sea. We also ensure proper labeling, from genetically engineered salmon to Russian crab from entering into our markets unlabeled.pic.twitter.com/2g0QEvdBrU I’m encouraged by the immediate benefits we’re already seeing and look forward to the future opportunities this bill will bring to hardworking Alaskans and their families. #TaxReform … We recognize that in order for the Coast Guard to carry out its mission, whether in the Arctic or on our waters, we must provide them with the necessary tools to do so.   The Senate Approps Cmte approved the Homeland Security FY19 Approps bill, which strengthens our Arctic security, improves emergency responses, & supports the @USCG, including fully funding the design & construction of the 1st heavy polar icebreaker in more than 40 yrs.pic.twitter.com/qyO9fQ9oTr #NationalSelfieDay selfie with the Alaska press corps here in D.C.pic.twitter.com/mfWAyHQOx4 Historically, our nation’s farm bills have not supported the unique agricultural needs of our state, so my bill will address many of those unique challenges and opportunities, ensuring Alaskan families are strong, healthy, and never hungry. In Alaska our waters are often our farms. I'm proud my bill recognizes fishermen as ranchers of the sea & requires FDA to mandate labeling of genetically engineered salmon to protect our wild salmon & ensure consumers know what they’re feeding their families. #SayNoToFrankenfish My bill increases food security, maintains conservation efforts, expands opportunities for trade, improves rural development, and bolsters research initiatives, all while encouraging local agriculture, and supporting Alaska’s fishermen, farmers, and herders. Proud to announce my “Arctic Farm Bill”- containing a range of initiatives that are significant to Alaska, based on the input of stakeholders throughout the state.  pic.twitter.com/Q1uZ10TqtR My response to President Trump's executive order today regarding family separation at our border.pic.twitter.com/rTb4JeeNE3 This will bring much needed relief to Alaska’s economy, providing compensation and recovery for commercial fisherman, processors, and coastal communities whose livelihood depends on the health of our fisheries. Good news for AK fisheries. Alaska is set to receive more than $56 million in disaster funding --vital to those who were hit hard by the '16 pink salmon fishery disaster.   Testifying was Mary Peltola, Executive Director of the Kuskokwim Inter-Tribal Fish Commission. In her testimony, she said that the continuation of the subsistence way of life requires a unified effort between Tribes, the U.S. Government, and the State of Alaska. Today I took part in an Indian Affairs Committee hearing to examine the importance of traditional subsistence activities in our Native communities. Subsistence living is food on the table in areas where food & energy prices are costly compared to urban communities.pic.twitter.com/VPkJ0shsO8 Alaskans joined together in Fairbanks for “My Grandma’s House Healing Journey”, an event dedicated to strengthening AK families through intervention. Through confronting child abuse and suicide, I am encouraged to see so many committed to ending these atrocities toward children.pic.twitter.com/OnXkAplRUs I've long fought to fund the construction of a robust fleet of icebreakers for the @USCG. Today during a Subcommittee markup of the FY19 Homeland Security Appropriations bill, we funded $750M for a new polar icebreaker to further develop the U.S. as an #arctic nation.pic.twitter.com/gUyNWhyis9 I voted in favor of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for FY19, which supports our troops through the biggest pay raise in nearly 10 yrs & provides our military with the resources needed to protect Americans at home & abroad.   Supporting our troops with the resources, equipment, and training they need to do their jobs and keep our nation safe in imperative. Our constitutional duty to provide for common defense is a responsibility I do not take lightly. My statement on the practice of separating children and parents at the U.S. border:pic.twitter.com/g8OfAshRwQ In 2016, the Supreme Court acknowledged that “Alaska is different.” I hope the court will again rule for John Sturgeon, reject the flawed reasoning of the Ninth Circuit, and protect the subsistence rights of Alaska’s first peoples and other rural residents under Katie John. The U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear, for the 2nd time, the case of John Sturgeon, an Alaskan who sued the National Park Service after being forced off of the Nation River in 2007 for using a hovercraft to hunt moose- something he'd been doing for decades   During the 2018 Denakkanaaga Elders & Youth Conference this week, youth and elders alike were able to share their personal stories & collaborate on solutions to break the pattern of generational trauma.pic.twitter.com/K8PP94y3zi In honor of Father’s Day, sharing a pic from good times fishing with my dad near Ketchikan last summer. Happy Father’s Day to all the dads today! #FathersDaypic.twitter.com/CJAmDVTFTY Visited the Ocean Plastics Lab exhibit on the National Mall today—a closer look at the significant problem of marine debris and plastics in our ocean environment. #OceanPlasticsLabDCpic.twitter.com/xPUCdKknSO While there are many unknowns as to the impacts of these newly announced tariffs, I urge President Trump to work towards a trade policy with China that protects these critical markets for our seafood industry. Alaska is proud to produce high quality, delicious, and sustainably harvested seafood products. It’s imperative that our seafood industry, one of the economic drivers of our state, has the ability to continue competitively exporting their products all over the world. I'm very concerned about the impact that China’s tariffs on American seafood will have on Alaska’s economy. In 2017 alone, Alaska seafood exports were worth $3.45 billion w/ nearly $1 billion was exported to China. I had a great time watching my colleagues compete in the annual #CongressionalBaseballGame this week- a great, bipartisan tradition that originated in the early 1900s!pic.twitter.com/EQ06pNxcZl In conjunction with #MensHealthWeek, the Men’s Health Network organized the 21st Annual Congressional Health Screening here on the Hill. I was glad to be able to take part and excited to see so many young adults taking a proactive approach to monitoring their health.pic.twitter.com/7MD8geHdJ8 Appropriations Cmte approved the FY19 Commerce, Justice, Science funding bill, which supports Alaska’s world-class fisheries, protects ocean wildlife, improves Arctic infrastructure & research & supports programs like the National Sea Grant Program.   While there is no single, simple fix for these acts of violence, this is a huge step towards targeting the root cause & stopping violence before it happens. Through the Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations FY19 bill, we fund $100 million for the STOP School Violence Act, legislation I cosponsored that keeps our students safer through school security improvements & early intervention & prevention programs.   My FY19 Interior Appropriations bill takes significant steps to protect our lands and our people. We fund wildfire prevention & suppression efforts, safety initiatives, and cleanup of contaminated lands.   These investments today will make a lasting impact on Alaska. We provide significant resources toward the development of key infrastructure--from improving and creating new wastewaster & drinking water systems, to protecting the tourism industry that has fueled Alaska’s economy. My FY19 Interior Appropriations bill is heading to Senate floor for consideration. This bill is significant to Alaska as it controls funding levels for agencies and departments that have a large presence in Alaska, including @IHSgov & @USIndianAffairs   These investments today will make a lasting impact on Alaska. We provide significant resources toward the development of key infrastructure--from improving and creating new wastewaster & drinking water systems, to protecting the tourism industry that has fueled Alaska’s economy. My FY19 Interior Appropriations bill provides for infrastructure development -- including important investments for new infrastructure in Alaska, while improving the state's existing infrastructure.   Yesterday, our nation celebrated #FlagDay- a time to reflect on what the stars & stripes mean to our country. I was glad to have staff join the Flag Retirement Ceremony performed by members of the Air Force at VFW Post 9981, to show support for our military.pic.twitter.com/TbZQMDy7rY Whether it’s funding initiatives to boost Alaska’s tourism & recreation or providing resources to protect Alaskans & our land, I’m proud of the work we've done to direct federal resources that will boost our economy & develop healthier, safer communities. As Interior Approps Cmte Chairman, I secured a number of provisions in my FY19 Interior Approps bill that will provide significant resources for all Alaskans. The full Approps Cmte approved the bill today through a historic, unanimous vote   The GAO's high risk list for 115th Congress includes three Indian programs critical to Alaskans. To address these risks we must have good leadership in place, which can be achieved by confirming Tara Sweeney to lead the Bureau of Indian Affairs at the Department of the Interior.pic.twitter.com/qZyBMmDywg The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working in Alaska, putting money back into the pockets of hardworking Alaskans. Good news for Juneau residents as AK Electric Light & Power Company may be lowering its rates for customers due to significant tax revenue savings.   From our remote nature to our diverse cultures, Alaska & Hawaii are similar in more ways than one would think. I was honored to speak at Hawaii on the Hill, a great event showcasing Hawaii’s businesses and industries & collaborating on strategies to address our state needs.pic.twitter.com/ZdIWhXutOy From maintaining rural health facilities and developing water and wastewater infrastructure to providing the tools and support needed to address domestic violence, substance abuse, and suicide – this bill will improve the health, safety, and welfare of all Alaskans. In the FY19 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, I secured several funding initiatives that focus on our lands, our water, and our people.   My statement on U.S. summit with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea:pic.twitter.com/1VyVOvsOk1 2 Alaska projects were among 6 total awardees announced by @energy for funding to support the development of innovative marine energy technologies. Exciting news for Igiugig & @uafairbanks and much deserved recognition for Alaskan ingenuity. @ORPC_Inc   Proud to work w/ my colleague Senator @KamalaHarris on the #EMPOWERAct, which empowers victims of harassment in the workplace by reducing barriers that prevent victims from speaking out and places new requirements for employers when addressing sexual harassment. … Nearly 300 athletes competed in @SpecialOlymAK Summer Games this weekend in everything from gymnastics & basketball to power lifting & swimming. Congrats to all the participants & special thanks to the volunteers & individuals who make this event possible.  In case you missed it: … The 2018 Sealaska Heritage Institute Celebration kicked off this Wednesday in Juneau. This special event draws people from all over Alaska to pay tribute to the heritage, cultures & traditions of the Tlingit, Haida, Tsimshian & First Nations people.   A big congratulations to the Spring 2018 Senate Pages, who just graduated from the 5-month Page Program and a special shout out to Rebecca Hollander of Sitka for representing Alaska so well during her time here.pic.twitter.com/ZvDhl3dTkA Love wearing my new @SkhoopUS vest Matt got me for my birthday. #skhooppic.twitter.com/LpsIK1dvfu Thanks to all the hard-working volunteers, including my staff, who offered their time this week to help NeighborWorks Alaska in painting homes for families in need of a fresh coat of paint for their residence for the Paint the Town Event.pic.twitter.com/LI3HJOTM68 Glad to have my 1st group of interns in DC to assist in my office. These recent high school grads will get an up close look at the Senate, shadowing me throughout workday days, assisting with admin & clerical tasks, & helping my staff with various projects   Whether its providing access to care for vets in remote and rural areas, providing funding for the F-35 beddown at Eielson, or substantial support for Long Range Discrimination Radar at Clear Air Force Station, this bill does so much to protect our country & its people. Proud that the Senate Approps Cmte approved the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, & Related Agencies Approps bill for FY19, including priorities I have fought for to further develop AK’s strategic military presence & improve health services for vets   From short construction seasons & changing permafrost conditions, to access to isolated communities, Alaskans face a range of challenges w/ transportation & housing. This bill provides critical support to address those needs, enabling our communities to be safer as a result. The Senate Appropriations Cmte approved the Transportation, Housing & Urban Development (T-HUD) appropriations bill for FY19, including several AK-specific provisions such as the Essential Air Service, a vital program serving rural communities across AK    Great to see the @Capitals team - and this guy in particular - win the #StanleyCup.pic.twitter.com/Q1ZZRrfPCS Way to go CAPS! Congrats on winning the Stanley Cup. Huge night for DC and all @Capitals fans. #StanleyCup Congratulations to Unalakleet’s Nick Hanson on completing the obstacle course on “American Ninja Warrior” and moving on to the top 30! It was an honor to meet him in my office last year. I wish him and Cody Johnston of Sitka the best of luck as they continue in the competition. … Here in the Senate it’s #nationalseersuckerday — an annual tradition we have and a reminder that Washington, D.C. is quite a bit hotter than Alaska in the summer.pic.twitter.com/lD6vpa1My2 I had a blast at the NOAA Fish Fry last evening, helping to show off some of Alaska’s finest seafood to those in our nation’s capital. I know I’m biased, but Alaska’s fish really is the best.pic.twitter.com/Ee7dDLdMx1 Today the President signed the #VAMISSIONAct, bipartisan legislation that will reform the VA Healthcare system, address VA personnel shortages, and expand eligibility for VA’s caregiving programs to veterans- great news for our nation’s heroes.   During a @IndianCommittee business meeting today, I voted in favor of Tara Mac Lean Sweeney of AK to be Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs of @interior. The committee approved her nomination, sending her to the full senate for consideration- a promising step forward.pic.twitter.com/TTw10ecLw5 Today, during a Military Construction Approps Subcommittee markup, we approved the FY19 bill, which increases access to care for our veterans & provides substantial funding for military infrastructure projects in Alaska.  In Alaska, we’ve seen the benefits of upfront investment in hazardous fuel reduction and fuel breaks before fires start. A strategically placed fuel break saved homes and lives during the massive 2014 Funny River Fire. Today I chaired an Energy Cmte hearing to examine the 2018 wildfire season, and how the use of innovative technologies and better agency coordination can help mitigate wildfire risks to save communities and protect landscapes.pic.twitter.com/lsNzYQfYWl I am proud to be a part of this legislation which both prohibits efforts to silence victims and shines the light on harassment in the workplace. The change needed may not happen overnight, but with this legislation we can move to eliminate harassment in the workplace. Alongside Sen. @KamalaHarris, I introduced the Ending the Monopoly of Power Over Workplace harassment through Education & Reporting (EMPOWER) Act to address the ongoing issue of workplace harassment and change the culture in our workplaces for the better.   Today Alaskans are mourning the loss of John Active, legendary AK Native journalist, KYUK broadcaster, preservationist, & champion of AK Native issues, known as the "voice of the Yukon-Kuskowkim Delta.” My heart goes out to his family & those who knew him  I was happy to celebrate the opening of the Excursion Inlet bridge, which provides access to the Excursion Inlet cannery & recreation activities at Neva Lake, bringing in both safety and economic benefits to Southeast Alaska.pic.twitter.com/YxlPCcOVa8 Looking forward to having young Alaskans working in my office as interns this summer. I’ll always cherish my time as an intern in Senator Ted Stevens’ office!pic.twitter.com/4CJiQFetZZ Alaska National Lab Day wrapped up yesterday in Fairbanks, showcasing the good work our government, communities, and individuals are doing to pioneer innovative solutions to meet the unique challenges & opportunities we face.  #AKNatLabpic.twitter.com/A8eUENliPK We have worked so hard to put a plan in place to refill TAPS for another 40 years. Our state’s strong record of environmental protection and technological improvements will help ensure Alaska’s resources are produced safely. We had no greater victory over the past yr than in our fight to open the Coastal Plain of ANWR. We recognize that Alaska needs to be able to develop the resources in the NPR-A, offshore & Coastal Plain. We need the jobs, revenues & security that new production will provide. Almost a year ago @SecretaryZinke traveled to Alaska and promised Alaskans that in this administration the path to energy dominance would start with Alaska. Today @AOGA conference, I shared an update on the very real progress being made.pic.twitter.com/gyEIEW5H6O Honored to take part in welcoming home the safe return of soldiers from JBER’s 4/25 Brigade from their 9-month deployment to Afghanistan last night. The sight of these families being reunited is truly priceless.pic.twitter.com/vqumSVBs38 In AK we are seeing the impacts of climate change firsthand & also working aggressively to develop technologies that’ll help reduce our emissions. This discussion will be 1 of many that we engage in, not only as Alaskans, but as partners focused on a very significant global issue In Fairbanks, I held a climate & energy innovation roundtable—a great opportunity to bring together Alaskan and national experts for a discussion about the complex challenges that we face.pic.twitter.com/FchgNUOROw Wonderful to be back in Alaska this week for another state work period. Keeping in touch with Alaskans helps me develop a deeper understanding of ways to address the unique challenges & opportunities for our state. Best way to do that is to spend time in Alaska, with Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/d65Mb12TuV Our geography, our climate, and our people have made Alaska a world leader on innovation. #AKNatLabDaypic.twitter.com/S24eyBvdvQ Because Alaska has every type of renewable, from hydropower to wind, solar, geothermal, and biomass, dozens of those remote villages are adding renewables to their microgrids to help cut costs and emissions. In Alaska, about 200 of our rural villages are completely disconnected from a traditional grid and rely on expensive diesel generation that is barged in or flown in once or twice a year. Alaska is truly a living laboratory. I kicked off Alaska National Lab Day this morning at @uafairbanks -- speaking to how our challenges and unique opportunities will help us find great innovative solutions.#AKNatLabDaypic.twitter.com/b75Fbzmx1a Check out the editorial I wrote w/ @Energy @SecretaryPerry on why Alaska is the best place in the world to prove a concept and may very well be home to the next big idea. #AKNatLabDay   While there are no National Laboratories in Alaska, the state itself is a living laboratory, evidenced by the more than 70 communities that are integrating renewables into their power generation. Starting today @uafairbanks is hosting a unique event to bring dozens of the world's best & brightest scientists to Fairbanks for #AKNatLabDay. An incredible opportunity for Alaskans, with panel discussions on everything from natural hazards to our changing Arctic. It was great to see so many Alaskans throughout the state on #MemorialDay show their appreciation for those who have sacrificed so much and given their lives for the cause of freedom.pic.twitter.com/disHZJLOMJ Proud to attend the 30th Annual Memorial Day ride and ceremony at Byers Lake -- to remember servicemen & women who proudly served our country. Thanks to AK Veterans Motorcycle Club for making this event possible & all who have committed to honoring Alaska’s bravest.pic.twitter.com/bsPGx9aHls We must always honor & never forget the many who have died to protect our freedom. Memorial Day should not be a day marked by sorrow but by sincere tribute and appreciation of the service of those we’ve lost, the nation they protected – and all it stands for. I ask us all to keep in perspective what Memorial Day is truly about: honoring the dedication of those who have served and sacrificed for our country. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/hpNZJ7ivWl Ya Ne Dah Ah School, run by the Chickaloon Village, which teaches kids to preserve & rejuvenate the Ahtna Athasbascan language through songs, dances & stewardship, recently held a graduation ceremony. “Nesnakaey ugheldze’ ghaniicdoldziis de’” –Good blessings for the children!pic.twitter.com/5y3oNkEP43 Glad to meet w/ Amy Uptgraft, founder & director of The Veteran’s Spouse Project & co-playwright of the show, I Will Wait: The Veteran's Spouse Project. Amy’s unique production gives voice to the experiences of spouses of military members through through music & acting.pic.twitter.com/qBwu91DlSm It also promotes energy innovation, works to lower the costs of renewable energy, and encourages increases in efficiency. This bill funds critical projects, which serve as a lifeline to so many of Alaska’s coastal communities, while providing economic growth and development in our state. Proud the Appropriations Committee passed the FY19 Energy & Water bill w/ investments promoting energy innovation, to develop solutions to make energy more affordable, reliable, clean, diverse, and secure.   Appropriations Cmte approved the FY19 Agriculture funding bill, which supports AK’s vital fishing industry & farmers, addresses hunger, protects wild salmon & consumers, and supports critical food assistance programs   Thanks to the Armed Services YMCA for putting on the 12th annual combat tournament today. A true Alaskan way to give thanks to the brave men and women who have served our nation.  I hope it was a great day out on the water!pic.twitter.com/JOJYIOdRsd If we as members of Congress are going to change the culture of harassment nationwide, we must lead by example. This legislation guarantees that we are doing all we can to strengthen our own procedures in place to ensure everyone has a safe and protected workplace. There’s one thing we should all agree on – every workplace should be safe for employees, as everyone deserves to work in an environment free from harassment and discrimination. Proud legislation I cosponsored passed the Senate today that would overhaul the current reporting process for victims of harassment and discrimination, as well as require Congressional members found liable to pay settlements out of their own pocket.   I chaired an Interior Appropriations Committee hearing to examine the FY 2019 budget request for the Indian Health Service. I made it clear on how we need to do more to meet our trust responsibilities and the needs of our American Indian, Alaska Native and Native Hawaiians.pic.twitter.com/riagjkBIiW The reform includes the Credit Union Residential Loan Parity Act, bipartisan legislation I cosponsored, which ensures small business owners better access to financial capital- helping small businesses get up and running to further grow our economy. Congress recently passed leg. to reform the Dodd-Frank Act, providing regulatory relief measures for community & regional financial institutions, which in turn will provide vital support for our small businesses & help grow our economy.  Proud to vote in favor of the VA MISSION Act, legislation to reform the VA healthcare delivery system, remove barriers to care, address VA personnel shortages, and expand eligibility for VA’s Caregiving Program to veterans.   I’m hopeful that through the bill I introduced today w/ Senators Markey & Hassan, which will create national milestones to help accurately measure progress in combating opioid abuse, we will be one step closer to ending this nationwide devastation. If we are ever going to truly curb the opioid epidemic, it’s important that we don’t just throw money at the problem, and instead, take a calculated approach to determine what measures are actually working.   Alaska consistently grapples w/ a lack of trained professionals in various healthcare sectors. This lack of recruitment/retention must be addressed. In a HELP Cmte. hearing , I questioned witnesses on programs to allow more residencies in rural areas.   Alaska is truly an Arctic leader, a living lab for our nation & the perfect proving ground for groundbreaking technologies. Natl. Lab Day is an opp. to build partnerships & find new ways to strengthen our nation’s position as a global energy leader through science & technology. We’ll have reps from @ENERGY, National Labs, industry leaders & scientists gather to collaborate on the important research & development activities underway in AK in energy innovation. We'll also be exploring energy & defense systems in the north & navigating the changing Arctic Pleased to join @uafairbanks to host Alaska’s first Natl. Lab Day starting in 1 wk. During this 3-day event, we’ll showcase the good work government, universities & communities are doing to pioneer innovative solutions to meet unique challenges that we face.pic.twitter.com/S0KdyPGzmc Part of staying connected with Alaskans involves getting feedback to help me understand the best way to share information and updates with you. Please take part in this brief survey to provide input on how my newsletter can serve you best.   Keeping in touch with Alaskans is the best way to for me to understand what AK truly needs. Whether it’s back home or here in DC,  I continue to advocate for the interests of our state. To see more of what I’ve been working on, read my newsletter:  . One of my staffers had the opportunity to go to the grand opening of the Matanuska Brewing Company. Alaska has some of the best breweries, contributing to our economy while creating a high-quality product.pic.twitter.com/lz5VCsgUOV Whether you’re military, a biologist, an oil & gas industry worker, someone living in our northernmost region, or simply a fellow Alaskan- consider giving feedback to @USCG on the new icebreakers, expected to begin training in the Arctic as early as 2023.  Congrats to all the women who competed in the Gold Nugget this weekend, the nation’s oldest all-female triathlon. #OnlyInAlaska — part of the challenge of finishing the race involved run-ins with moose and bear. … The Alaska Aviation Museum recently had the grand opening of “Attu 75,” an exhibit honoring the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Attu. I’m thankful members of my staff were able to attend to commemorate this important event in Alaskan history.pic.twitter.com/YueqokiWSb Glad to hear AK’s consolidated state plan under the Every Student Succeeds Act was approved by @usedgov. Thx to the AK Dep. of Education and Early Devel. & the thousands of individuals who participated in crafting the plan—designed by Alaskans for Alaskans!  Congrats to Jeremiah Bailey for receiving a full-ride scholarship to play basketball at the Pacific University. Jeremiah is only the 2nd player from Monroe Catholic High School in Fairbanks, my alma mater, to play Division I. We’re so proud! … It’s that time of yr when the 1st batch of @CopperRiverWild salmon makes it to market, delivered to restaurants & stores across the NW. Alaska is undoubtedly known for our fresh, wild caught fish. It doesn’t get much better than fresh Copper River salmon to kick off the season! … Spoke on Senate floor in honor of men & women of law enforcement during #NationalPoliceWeek. As we pay tribute to fallen officers & recognize those still serving, I encourage everyone to thank our officers for protecting our communities each & every day  In a Senate Defense Approps hearing, I questioned US Army Secretary Dr. Mark Esper on two sexual assault issues: sexual assault among children on posts & increased reporting of sexual assaults among military members  Our bill, the National Volcano Early Warning & Monitoring System Act also creates a Volcano Watch Office that will operate 24-hours a day, seven days a week, to provide continuous situational awareness of all active volcanoes in the U.S. and its territories. Proud the Senate passed a bill of mine, @SenatorCantwell & @maziehirono, ensuring @USGS has proper resources to strengthen our monitoring, warning & response capabilities. By improving our volcano monitoring & early warning capabilities, we can help keep communities safe. Volcanic eruptions, like the one in Hawaii and the one earlier this month at Cleveland Volcano in Alaska, are vivid reminders of why it is so critical to have continuous and reliable monitoring systems.   During an Interior Appropriations subcommittee hearing, I questioned Environmental Protections Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt for commit to find a workable solution to this uniquely Alaskan dilemma. #OnlyInAlaskapic.twitter.com/bxJWqOvqrU Many of Alaska's rural areas are inaccessible by road, so one of the only options other than using small, remote incinerators is to use a helicopter to dispose of solid waste. If we are really focused on lowering our levels of emissions, using helicopters defeats the purpose. During a Defense Appropriations hearing on the Air Force budget I asked Secretary Wilson on how Air Force plans to address housing for additional USAF members & families associated w/ F-35 beddown at Eielson AFB.pic.twitter.com/7bsNMCbJ9o In a Homeland Security Appropriations Submte hearing to examine the flow of opioids & other drugs into the U.S., I stressed the need to focus on smaller ports of entry being utilized by traffickers, like airports and ports in Alaska.   During an Interior Appropriations Subcommittee hearing to examine the EPA’s budget request for the upcoming fiscal yr, we reviewed programs within the EPA to ensure taxpayer dollars are used responsibly and that the Agency is able to carry out their work.   I voted to pass a res. regarding net neutrality so that we can reset the discussion & move beyond the politics at play to what is really needed—lasting legislation that'll provide certainty & move us beyond shifting regulatory standards. Watch my statement on net neutrality here:pic.twitter.com/rxV5S96Ojy Instead of seeing articles on efforts to return EPA to its core mission I'm reading about Pruitt's interactions w/ reps of industries he regulates, for example. Some are undoubtedly a result of the 'gotcha' age, but there are also legitimate questions that need to be answered. During an Interior Approps hearing on EPA budget, I told Pruitt I’m concerned these important policy efforts are being overshadowed because of a series of issues related to him and his management of the Agency. I’m pleased @EPA is reversing course on actions taken by previous admin that clearly stepped far beyond the bounds of what was intended when statutes were written: efforts to rewrite WOTUS, a common-sense approach to use of small, remote incinerators & avoiding duplicate regs. Right now, I’m chairing an Interior Appropriations Subcommittee hearing to review the FY19 budget request for the @EPA w/ @EPAScottPruitt testifying. Watch live:   During a Senate Defense Appropriations hearing on the FY19 Budget Request for the Department of Defense, I questioned Defense Secretary Mattis & Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Dunford, on DOD's vision for our military presence in the #Arctic.   Congrats to Crystal Garrison of Bethel on being awarded the Judge Nore Guinn Award for her dedication to rural, Native residents as a Yup’ik interpreter in the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta region. Thankful for Crystal’s work to ensure Alaskans have the resources and support they need. … During an Interior Approps hearing, I questioned @SecretaryZinke on budget priorities re: public access and land conveyance needs, disaster warning systems, maintenance backlogs, his efforts to improve efficiency within @Interior & more.   AK kicked off #NationalPoliceWeek, honoring the brave law enforcement officers who’ve lost their lives in the line of duty, & to those who risk their lives for our safety. This week reminds us how important it is to honor our fallen officers & thank those who continue to serve.pic.twitter.com/r22aOPNrWZ Happy Mother’s Day to all mothers. I am so blessed to have such a fabulous and supportive mom and mother in law. And to have two wonderful sons call me mom is the greatest gift.pic.twitter.com/FfTMtQhYup Congratulations & good luck to Jazzie Trotter, a 7-grade student at Mirror Lake Middle School who recently won the “Doodle 4 Google” contest for the state of Alaska. Jazzie’s entry, titled “Alive in Alaska,” will now be entered into the nationwide contest.  Proud of the unanimous passage of The Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, a bipartisan bill I cosponsored to create a national cancer registry for firefighters diagnosed w/ cancer - a data driven approach that will protect our heroes who protect us every day   I was proud to host Secretary of Energy Rick Perry in Alaska last week, to give him a firsthand look at some of the energy innovation taking place in AK. Traveling across AK, @SecretaryPerry saw the challenges & opportunities that are unique to our state.pic.twitter.com/CO5EsWAElx Our neighbor for many years in Anchorage, Marge Ellis, turned 100 yesterday. Verne and I visited with her a couple weeks ago. Happy Birthday Marge!pic.twitter.com/YVyFgSy8Ry Glad to announce that communities across AK will soon receive a total of more than $10.97 million to fund schools & local budget priorities, through the Secure Rural Schools (SRS) program that I reauthorized & funded in the recent appropriations bill.   Wonderful to see the release & safe return of 3 Americans who were detained in North Korea. Hope the fresh air & mountains during their brief stopover in Alaska were a bright spot on what I can only imagine has been an incredibly tough journey. Alaska is leading cutting edge drone technology development and this announcement will enable UAF to continue to build upon that innovative work   Congrats to @uafairbanks for being chosen as 1 of 10 sites nationwide for this extremely competitive pilot program. Unmanned aerial systems are game changers, allowing businesses & governments to overcome geographical challenges & a lack of infrastructure   Deepest condolences to the friends & family of Alaska Native elder, Poldine Carlo. Poldine was a culture bearer, an author, a wife, mother & friend to many. Her leadership in Alaska will not be forgotten.  Shortly I will be chairing an Interior Appropriations Subcommittee hearing to review the FY19 Budget Request for @Interior including witness @SecretaryZinke . Watch here:   ICYMI: During @IndianCommittee hearing today, I urged for the confirmation of Tara Sweeney of Alaska to be the Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs @Interior.  Wonderful turnout from Alaskans at the @IndianCommittee nomination hearing for Tara Sweeney to serve as the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the Department of the Interior. I'm bursting with pride.pic.twitter.com/8shauyxPcJ Tara holds so much hope and promise, not only for the people in her region, but also Alaska Natives around the state & Indian Country as a whole. Tara is a strong, female Native leader, ready to take charge. Tara Sweeney is qualified for this position & is going to be the person to challenge the status quo for everyone in Indian Country. This nom is a critical step by the administration. Let's make history by confirming the first Alaska Native to this position. As AFN Co-Chair, Tara sought to be inclusive & transparent in an organization that's had many differing opinions & views. But with her sense of purpose and determination, she worked collaboratively to improve the common goal of bettering the lives of the Alaska Native people. I would like extend my congratulations & full support to Tara Sweeney. The position she has been nominated for is one of tremendous importance to the members of @IndianCommittee & to Indian Country as a whole. Momentarily I’ll be joining the Senate @IndianCommittee for a hearing to consider Tara Sweeney of Alaska to be Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior. Watch live here:   I chaired an ENR hearing for an updated look at the work completed & the work still underway to restore electricity to the Puerto Rican ppl. While 98% of power has been restored, much remains to be done. As we enter a new hurricane season, the grid must be more stable & resilientpic.twitter.com/4Wu4aA0soc My statement on the President’s decision to withdraw from the Iran Nuclear Deal.pic.twitter.com/ZyMOoX9HG4 Honored to speak at the University of Alaska Southeast’s Class of 2018’s commencement ceremony. My message to them: “Be Not Afraid”, as they overcome obstacles, just as thousands of Alaskans in our past have done & thousands of Alaskans are doing today.   During a DHS Approps hearing, I pushed for more icebreakers to protect our northern border & questioned Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen about plans to build necessary infrastructure to support new Coast Guard vessels coming to Alaska.pic.twitter.com/Cro5vCO8dF Yesterday, the Alaska Gasline Development Corporation and BP Alaska announced key terms of a Gas Sales Agreement, an important step in our efforts to move Alaska’s vast natural gas resources to market.   Proud to see ASYMCA and volunteer staff offering up their services to welcome home roughly 300 JBER 4-5 Brigade soldiers who just returned from a deployment to Afghanistan.pic.twitter.com/Wh2eoHhapo Keeping our families fed and healthy is such a challenge throughout Alaska. I joined a roundtable at the Anchorage Food Bank where I heard from a variety of sectors about how SNAP supports local economies, public health, and local agriculture.pic.twitter.com/GZGlWHx228 Met w/ the staff of Mat-Su Regional Hospital to view their facility & discuss their need to expand. They often find themselves far over capacity, particularly in terms of behavioral health patients. We must ensure hospitals are equipped to care for our most vulnerable Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/FGu3VLnis8 Loved joining Government Hill Elementary, at Barnes and Noble in Anchorage where I had the chance to read to students during story hour and catch up w/ my son’s former Kindergarten teacher. For face painting, of course I had to get Alaska’s state flower, the Forget Me Not.pic.twitter.com/8OcKcBQl86 Those of you who grew up in Anchorage are probably well-acquainted with the iconic Jewel Lake Tastee Freez. I had a great time celebrating the company’s 60th anniversary of service to the community.pic.twitter.com/47LWfvrWRx It was an honor to host the 50th annual Fairbanks Military Appreciation Banquet to express appreciation to the men and women in uniform, our veterans, and their families. Wonderful to see how the Fairbanks community shows such strong support to our military.pic.twitter.com/Ehir373x6f Congrats to Tudor Elementary School for being named the Grand Prize winner of the Follett Challenge. Proud of these young Alaskans, not only for this accomplishment, but also for their efforts to promote peace, justice, and kindness on a global level.    I had the opportunity to share my gratitude w/ farmers providing for AK communities by touring several farmers in the Mat-Su Valley. Thanks to all the hard-working Alaskan farmers for all you do to provide good, local food for Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/Wlh9xPb1xL W/ #NationalSmallBusinessWeek coming to an end, this is a great opportunity to honor the impact of outstanding small business owners. Congrats to Lori Brewer of Caffe D’Arte in Anchorage for being awarded the ‘18 Alaska Small Business Person of the Year & to all the honorees!pic.twitter.com/ZetKCsNtWI Today during a Palmer Rotary meeting I had the honor of presenting Janet Kincaid of Palmer with the 2017 AARP Alaska Andrus Award for Community Service for her dedication and commitment to community service.pic.twitter.com/2hQXyoT82B While in Wasilla today, I stopped by Joe Redington Jr./Sr. High School to visit w/ students & faculty.  I especially enjoyed my Q & A with students who asked questions on everything from Alaska's energy resources to my favorite ice cream flavor.pic.twitter.com/ncj2LkbMf3 But the fight against genetically engineered salmon isn't over. I'll work to protect AK, our fish populations & larger ecosystems from potentially disastrous outcomes   The FDA approved the application for an AquaBounty Salmon Facility in Indiana last week. Thankfully b/c of language I inserted into the FY18 omnibus bill banning the import of genetically engineered salmon, including eggs, they will be unable to produce GE salmon at this facility This designation in Alaska is an encouraging step towards developing initiatives that will decrease the production and distribution of illegal drugs, to keep them off our streets, cutting the issue off at the source   With opioids, methamphetamines, & other narcotics wreaking havoc in our communities, this announcement by the Office of National Drug Control Policy could not have come at a better time.    Areas surrounding Anchorage, Fairbanks & Juneau were designated as High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas, opening the door for AK to receive additional federal resources to bolster law enforcement & improve drug control efforts at a state and local level.pic.twitter.com/c3Y6rBUaBr While the remoteness of Alaska is a challenge, we are blessed with an extraordinary & diverse set of resources. Thankful for the opportunity to show @Energy @SecretaryPerry why AK makes the perfect testing ground for solutions to achieving more affordable, reliable, clean #energypic.twitter.com/7nckWYLeOj What’s truly remarkable is how Kodiak's carefully crafted renewables system allows their grid to handle the high demand for energy during fishing season while being able to adjust for the much lower demand in the off-season.pic.twitter.com/iG9J3aZUvj In Kodiak @SecretaryPerry & I took a first-hand look at some of the innovation taking place w/ renewables in Alaska. Hydropower, wind turbines, batteries & flywheels generate almost 98% of Kodiak's electricity. The result: 13M gallons of diesel fuel saved equals $40M in savings.pic.twitter.com/zej2CLyElp Across AK we struggle to recruit & retain enough healthcare professionals, particularly in primary care, to serve our aging population. I was glad to meet with Alaskan healthcare professionals to discuss practical ways to address this workforce shortage in urban & rural AK.pic.twitter.com/juAcv8XiZq I recently spoke at the @HOBY seminar in Anchorage, to discuss the importance of leadership, service & innovation. It was an honor to speak to young Alaskans on how they are all becoming facilitators of positive change in their homes, schools & communities.pic.twitter.com/6oyFLvLZ5s Visited @CITCAlaska's Fab Lab, which provides young Alaskans w/ opportunities to explore engineering, manufacturing, & fabrication tech, resulting in improved outcomes for both STEM students, while implementing traditional AK Native cultural values.pic.twitter.com/UmZmygpOPX King Tech High School provides a unique education, combining career technical education w/ regular core classes designed around a Personal Learning Plan for individual students. These visits are what make it all worthwhile, seeing students w/ a vision for what the future holds.pic.twitter.com/p7mdnNTHu1 Happy to pitch in to kick off Citywide Cleanup Week in Anchorage. Thanks to my team and all the other volunteers across the city for helping to pick up trash.  #anccitywidecleanuppic.twitter.com/uZmelyJJ6U Whether it’s Youth Ambassadors,  student government leaders, our Alaska Native youth, or others-- I am so encouraged by all the great young Alaskans I’ve been able to meet with in the last week. As one 7th grader put it this weekend, they “just want to create positive change.”pic.twitter.com/7mZIwqPa2R At a Military Construction Appropriations hearing, I discussed important infrastructure projects that are being worked on in AK that will help grow our economy, secure our communities, & help meet potential challenges Alaskans may face in the future.  Tomorrow is the 15th Annual National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, aimed at providing a free, safe, and convenient method to dispose expired, unused, or unwanted prescription drugs. For more info or to locate your closest disposal site, please visit:  pic.twitter.com/UPhJPXJCo0 Law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day to protect our communities. Proud to cosponsor legislation to reauthorize the COPS program, helping states hire new officers & provide training & technical assistance to local law enforcement.   The Firefighter Cancer Registry Act takes an important step towards addressing cancer rates among firefighters—brave men and women who put everything on the line for our safety.   The HELP committee advanced the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, legislation I cosponsored, which creates a national cancer registry for firefighters diagnosed with the deadly disease to collect data and improve research activities on incidents of cancer among firefighters. Are you an aspiring educator? UA Teach for Alaska is offering a chance to win an academic scholarship for those pursuing an educational career at the Univ. of AK. Deadline is May 1st! Learn more about the Presidential Scholarship here:   Huge congratulations to the Ketchikan High School team that won this year’s Academic Decathlon national championship, a competition that consists of seven multiple choice tests, two performance events, and an essay.  Special thanks to my Military fellow Greg for bringing in an extra helper to my office today - cherish these moments, they grow up fast! #TakeYourKidToWorkDaypic.twitter.com/aSTkKvgbCq During a Defense Appropriations Subcommittee hearing, I discussed mental health & various opportunities to support our service members & their families. We need to support programs that are successful in treating our men & women in uniform, like the Military Healing Arts Program.pic.twitter.com/VPFD7eCmyu At a Senate Approps Subcmte on Energy & Water Development hearing on the budget for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, I spoke on the potential of microreactors to provide low-cost electricity to rural villages, resource development projects & military installations in AK.pic.twitter.com/IEBmNFg3Wc Very excited to see Anchorage School District moving forward with the new Yup’ik language immersion program, funded by a program I helped create. Great opportunity to increase student success. I'm grateful to AK’s language experts for their commitment!  In a CJS Approps Subcmte hearing I raised the conflicts between state & federal marijuana law, asking AG Jeff Sessions for assurances that the Department of Justice will act as an ally, rather than an obstacle, in considering future legislation respecting states’ rights.pic.twitter.com/UvFiTaW2Sg The U.S. Coast Guard will homeport 6 Fast Response Cutters (FRC) in AK communities, which will enhance their coastal capability to perform search and rescue operations, protect our fisheries, and improve resiliency to disasters throughout Alaskan waters.   This problem isn’t going to be solved overnight, but fully addressing this epidemic through an all-hands-on-deck approach must be a priority. Opioid abuse is currently our nation’s most devastating public health epidemic, and it has been wreaking havoc in our communities and our homes for far too long. Proud we advanced bipartisan legislation in the HELP Committee today, which takes a multi-faceted approach to the opioid crisis: from prevention & enforcement, down to care & treatment.   Today in a Defense Appropriations Hearing I questioned Admiral John Richardson, Chief of Naval Operations, on how we bolster our fleet in regards to icebreakers to meet our needs as an Arctic nation, both for the Coast Guard and the Navy.pic.twitter.com/i1MEeWJ1Ft Today in a Defense Appropriations Hearing I questioned Admiral John Richardson, Chief of Naval Operations, on how we bolster our fleet in regards to icebreakers to meet our needs as an Arctic nation, both for the Coast Guard and the Navy.  This morning I chaired an Energy Committee hearing where I told the @ForestService: #NoMoreExcuses. It’s time to correct the management failures that have long plagued the agency and to restore access to our national forests, starting in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/uDXgc2aLUz Whether it’s building icebreakers, infrastructure, to using new technology to carry out scientific research, we must do more to demonstrate our commitment to being a leader in the Arctic.pic.twitter.com/UVXh5qSyfa I spoke at the fifth @AESymposium on how the #Arctic continues to be an area of vital interest for the U.S. when it comes to our energy future, our national security, our economy, and our deep commitment to supporting indigenous communities.pic.twitter.com/zAcNMxpTeN During an Energy & Water Approps Subcmte hearing examining the US Army Corps of Engineers’ FY19 budget request, I called for an urgent focus on assistance for AK communities facing coastal erosion, & our need to have broader discussions to ensure there is a plan going forwardpic.twitter.com/kgBi3JgtES Honored to visit w/ Alaskan veterans as they spend time in D.C. as part of The Last Frontier Honor Flight. This  program honors veterans by flying them to see memorials built in recognition of their service & commemoration of their fellow service men & women no longer with us.pic.twitter.com/SXLRA1dIAj Honored to be named an Afterschool Congressional Champion at last night’s Afterschool Alliance Reception, focused on the positive programs funded by 21st Century Community Learning Centers.pic.twitter.com/ojcgOVrTUG These scenarios are part of the reason why we are seeing innovation to bring costs down, often by adding locally available resources such as hydropower onto our microgrids. The challenge is immense, certainly. So is the opportunity for change. AK paints an extreme picture of the energy challenges faced by many living in remote communities. Rural Alaskans pay more than twice as much to heat their homes than folks in the Lower 48, sometimes forcing them to choose between feeding their family or keeping them warm. Today I chaired an ENR hearing to discuss the opportunities that exist to help bring those communities more affordable, more reliable, and increasingly clean energy.pic.twitter.com/aFyhTJpAy8 Welcomed announcement from the Interior Department today. An important step towards ensuring the energy and economic security of our nation. … Joined the Cmte on Indian Affairs Hearing to recognize the 30th anniversary of the enactment of amendments to the Indian Self-Determination & Education Assistance Act (ISDEAA) which enabled Indian tribes to have greater input into Federal Indian programs that they administer.pic.twitter.com/ecQltZciSr Spring has arrived, the flowers are in full bloom, and the days are getting longer and longer – but no less busy! For those of you who didn’t catch my latest newsletter, you can find it here:   Barbara Bush was a beautiful lady, tough, and full of love. I admire her unwavering support to her family over the years. As First Lady, she established herself as an advocate of literacy. And while her powerful presence will be missed, we will always remember her legacy. Today is the last time Americans will file their taxes under the old, broken system. Tax Day 2019 will be a more simplified tax code & w/ more dollars going into the pockets of hardworking Americans.pic.twitter.com/0He4ur1HhU Wonderful to catch up with so many Alaskans at last night’s AFN reception here in D.C. after a productive conference about building partnerships and working together to address the challenges in front of us today.pic.twitter.com/3KoPPksvL3 I’m concerned that it is becoming a safety issue for visitors, so we will need a plan to reroute the road—sooner than later, rather than just backfilling with gravel each year. Today's Energy and Natural Resources hearing included good discussion on deferred maintenance in national parks.  Denali tops the list in AK for DM, but the most dangerous part, Polychrome Pass, doesn’t make the list.  It’s just now being studied. The problem of deferred maintenance in our national parks has gone on for so long. Think of it like a homeowner --it's now the sink that no longer works because of a failure in the plumbing line, the carpet that has worn through to the subfloor & the roof with gaping holes in it.pic.twitter.com/P829qoS0b6 I believe our parks are worth protecting and welcome their contribution to our economy, but we also need to recognize this is a multi-faceted problem, that will take more than just federal dollars to resolve over the long-term. As @NatlParkService moves into its 2nd century, the deferred maintenance backlog now at $11.6 billion, is one of the most significant challenges to its ability to provide quality visitor experiences.pic.twitter.com/D4HUbFRYtH Watch Live: I’m chairing an Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing to examine deferred maintenance and operational needs of the National Park Service.   … After a decades-long fight, I am so grateful to the community of King Cove for their persistence and to Secretary Zinke for recognizing that this decision was simply the right thing to do. During the @NativeFed roundtable the AK Delegation & @SecretaryZinke discussed the land-exchange agreement signed in January that allows for construction of a gravel, life-saving road connecting King Cove, AK to the all-weather airport in nearby Cold Bay.  And as we think about the significant challenges we have in front of us today, so much should be viewed through the lens of opportunities. We’ve made good progress but there’s still so much more to do. Know that I am working alongside @repdonyoung and @SenDanSullivan to educate our nation about the uniqueness of Alaska and to ensure Alaska Natives receive the support they need and deserve. During the @NativeFed conference today, I participated in a roundtable discussion w/ Alaska’s congressional delegation & @SecretaryZinke, to address Alaska Native priorities and the growing challenges & opportunities in our state.pic.twitter.com/HgZrGrrc9v Today here in DC @NativeFed is hosting Challenges at America’s Northernmost Border, a high-level interagency conference to discuss growing challenges & opportunities in Alaska. It's always good to be in a room full of Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/09oJn82HE9 The US and our allies sent a clear message that chemical warfare will not be tolerated. My support and gratitude goes to the men and woman in uniform and our partners in the UK & France who carried out the targeted strikes, to cripple Syria’s ability to use chemical weapons. Empowered women, empower women! Thanks for a great panel #WITWpic.twitter.com/EDUost4Dbt I’m thankful for the opportunity to speak @WomenintheWorld #WITW … Glad to meet w/ students from Metlakatla High School, FOCUS Homeschool High School Group, Susitna Valley High School, Colony High School, & Bethel Regional High School through the Close Up Foundation High School Program. It's always good to be with fellow Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/GtUwNP9Fh2 Enjoyed speaking on a panel with @SenGillibrand at the Women in the World Summit in NYC today. #WITW Shortly, I’ll be joining @SenGillibrand for a panel discussion at the #WITW summit. Tune in live at 2:50PM ET:  Excited to be in the Big Apple for the @womenintheworld summit with my colleague @SenGillibrand. We’ll be taking part in a “Powers of the Senate” panel at 2:50PM ET. Watch live here:   #WITW With the National Cherry Blossom Festival Parade just days away, #TBT to when I was Cherry Blossom Princess.pic.twitter.com/CZBL2HhDq1 Congratulations to Alaska Cherry Blossom Princess, Sarah Powell,  and all the young woman participating in the Cherry Blossom Princess Program, promoting leadership & professional development for future leaders and celebrating the lasting friendship between the US and Japan.pic.twitter.com/Ktuha4a7eH As a part of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I recently cosponsored the PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act I, which amends the Indian Self-Determination & Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian Tribes, putting power back in their hands.pic.twitter.com/3XIRt5RQ0V The Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017 (FOSTA) was signed into law. I’m proud this bill provides law enforcement and victims with new tools to fight sex trafficking.pic.twitter.com/uCJ8OPbJxC Today in a Senate HELP Committee hearing, we discussed innovative ways to address root causes of the opioid addiction crisis and substance abuse in Alaska, and across the nation.   Today in an Appropriations Defense Subcommittee hearing I questioned Lt. General Sam Greaves, Director of the Missile Defense Agency, on the agency’s strategies and priorities regarding our missile defenses. In today’s environment, the importance of a strong homeland ballistic missile defense cannot be understated. I take great pride in having the cornerstone of that defense in Alaska.  Momentarily, I’ll be taking part in a Health, Education, Labor, & Pensions (HELP) committee hearing to discuss the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018. Watch live here:   The streets of Alaska can be an unforgiving place for the homeless, especially our homeless youth. I’m proud to cosponsor of the Homeless Children & Youth Act, which amends the definition of homelessness, allowing more children to receive the services and support they need.pic.twitter.com/NN2RkoOTs8 I’m proud to join the Alaska Congressional Delegation in cosponsoring the Whaling Convention Amendments Act of 2018-bipartisan legislation that will ensure bowhead whale subsistence harvest is preserved for Alaska Native food security under U.S. law.   Congratulations @SenDuckworth on your family’s new addition! Maile Pearl is lucky to have a mom like you. This pilot study will create a framework for all Alaska Native organizations to begin preserving audio recordings that will help sustain their cultures and voices for centuries to come. .@NEHgov announced over $45,000 in grant funding for the Robert Aqqaluk Newlin, Sr. Memorial Trust in Kotzebue to help preserve the voices & influence of Alaskan Inupiaq leaders by preserving 700 audio-cassettes of Alaskan Inupiaq elders.  This month is National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month. I ask everyone to engage in this incredibly difficult issue and to educate and encourage others to work towards preventing sexual assault.   As Chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee I had the opportunity to lead a Congressional Delegation visit to the Northern Mariana Islands and Guam & met with Governors Ralph Torres (Northern Marianas Islands), Eddie Calvo (Guam), & other local leaders.pic.twitter.com/lQsBPNQK7e In Girdwood I had a chance to tour the Four Valleys Community School, which includes students from Pre-K through the 8th grade. I loved getting to hear from the students and faculty about everything they’re accomplishing.pic.twitter.com/hDtIeCBoOj With over 80% of our communities not accessible by road, one challenge Alaskans face is access to care. Recently I visited Galena Edgar Nollner Health Center & Nulato health clinic- two rural health clinics that will receive critical support from the recently passed funding bill.pic.twitter.com/Sd3ZvxmnIu Wonderful to join Alaskans in downtown Anchorage for a Gold Medal Celebration with Alaska Olympians. We are so proud of @kikkanimal , @andrew_kurka and all the Alaskans who competed in the Olympic Winter Games and Paralympics in PyeongChang!pic.twitter.com/bTRJqQIFDG Today marks the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr's tragic death. We must all have the courage to continue the fight against injustice, to treat everyone with love & respect, & to carry forward Dr. King's unfinished dream of freedom for everyone.  While in Nulato, I was able to be a part of a community meeting to talk to folks about the unique challenges they face in rural Alaska, and what I can do to support them. I always appreciate getting to have face-to-face conversations like this with Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/ksfScy7Ibt I’m encouraged by this opportunity to address high energy costs, boost economic development, and ensure Alaskans stay warm!pic.twitter.com/4CgqdNgK83 In Galena, I had a chance to tour the Galena biomass project that is owned by the City of Galena. Through state funding and private lending, the City uses the biomass plant to heat hot water for the GILA campus as well as heating 14 buildings.pic.twitter.com/TDnpGfEfj9 Many of our communities in Alaska regularly see winter temperatures of -30 to -40 and face the extreme challenge of finding cost-effective ways to heat their homes, businesses, and schools. While in Nulato, I had a chance to visit with the teachers & students of the Andrew K. Demoski School. I appreciate the faculty for providing a quality education for our students—they really are helping shape the future of Alaska.pic.twitter.com/KBrCU9JahV Going on KIYU radio, momentarily. Listen to the interview live here:  The recently passed funding includes $1B for State Opioid Response Grants for education, treatment, behavioral health services, & recovery support, $50M of which will be available to Indian tribes or tribal organizations.pic.twitter.com/YPzvhjpqE0 My D.C. office recently welcomed one new staff member and four new fellows. I am confident that their knowledge, understanding, and experience will have a positive impact on Alaskans.    Recently, the Kenai Peninsula Food Bank celebrated the retirement of 15-year Executive Director, Linda Swarner, as well as the longest serving physician in Kenai, Dr. Hansen, who has been practicing medicine in AK since 1964.pic.twitter.com/9jZg0dPavq Alongside my colleague Senator Tom Udall, I introduced a resolution recognizing the heritage, culture, and contributions of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women in the United States.   To help Alaskans navigate the extensive contents of the recently passed Consolidated Appropriations Act, my website includes a resource page that highlights programs & funding levels relevant to Alaska.   The Military Healing Arts Program is a partnership between the National Endowment for the Arts and the Department of Defense to help our nation’s wounded service members as they transition into civilian life. I’m proud that the FY2018 funding bill continues funding this program.pic.twitter.com/96tbbZ4Fml For states like Alaska that have legalized marijuana, it’s important for law-abiding businesses to have access to safe financial services instead of forcing them to operate in all-cash, increasing a risk of crime and threatening public safety. Recently joined colleagues in a letter to the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, urging them to hold a hearing on the SAFE Banking Act, which allows law-abiding cannabis businesses to access financial services in the banking system.   .@SenFeinstein & I led a bipartisan group of our colleagues in introducing a resolution designating March as “National Women’s History Month.” I am proud to be a part of recognizing women’s contributions and achievements throughout history.   Anchorage celebrated the opening of its first mall telemedicine service in Alaska. The Capstone Express telemedicine clinic utilizes telemedicine as an efficient, cost-effective means to healthcare. I’m always encouraged to see steps taken to improve access and cost to care.pic.twitter.com/c3Aw3Ww704 Communities across Alaska gathered together, recently, to take part in the “Choose Respect March.” This event is a meaningful way for our state’s communities to raise awareness of sexual abuse and domestic violence, and to help end abusive relationships.pic.twitter.com/A8I4vxcvTT Village built clinics play a vital role when it comes to the health and safety of many Alaskans. I'm proud to announce that we secured significant funding in the omnibus funding bill to ensure that rural Alaska has access to quality healthcare.pic.twitter.com/2k8N6FXfPo The Interior, Environment, & Related Agencies Appropriations bill, contained in the recently passed government funding bill, provides resources & support to programs with significant impacts in communities across rural Alaska.    Through the Consolidated Appropriations Act that was just signed into law, we provide resources to empower Alaska Natives to live in safe, and healthy communities. I am encouraged by this significant support for the state of Alaska. I am truly honored to be the recipient of the President’s Legacy and Leadership Award from the @ANTHCtoday for my continued efforts to improve the health and lives of Alaska Native people.pic.twitter.com/9xQrwZ56zd Seward’s ‘folly’ turned out to be one of the greatest, and cheapest land deals in history. Happy Seward’s Day Alaska --- the day we commemorate the signing of the Alaska Purchase Treaty, when Alaska became part of the U.S. #SewardsDay  Opioid & alcohol abuse are devastating communities in AK & across the U.S. The recently passed funding bill for FY18 invests in fighting the opioid epidemic & addresses substance & alcohol abuse- a huge step towards ending this national emergency.    This appropriations bill includes the largest year-to-year increase in funding for our military in 15 years, and contains significant investments in AK, including boosting missile defense, a new icebreaker, increased pay for troops, & record funding to care for our veterans. The Senate recently passed the full 2018 appropriations bill, which funds the government through September. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I worked hard to ensure that our men and women in uniform received the support they deserve.   Climate change is impacting Alaskans, and to address this rapidly evolving issue, $15 million in additional funds with directed to the Denali Commision in order to improve our infrastructure in rural Alaska.  One of the most enjoyable aspects of my job is interacting with young Alaskans, to give them a little taste of what working in Congress is like. I was happy to meet with students from Twindly Bridge Charter School in Wasilla, who brought some Alaskan weather with them!pic.twitter.com/UfdZd8TRKR In an Energy & Natural Resources hearing on the western water supply, we examined 3 bills re water infrastructure & drought resilience. By modernizing U.S. infrastructure & focusing on water management practices, Alaska will be less susceptible to drought.  I’m proud of the work we have done in this funding bill to empower Alaskans to build our economy and create healthy communities for our families. The Senate passed a bill that sets federal funding levels for the remainder of the fiscal year- providing huge increases in defense spending, pay increases for troops, investments in school safety, fighting the opioid epidemic, & combating substance abuse   The FY18 government funding before the Senate has big wins for Alaska. As chairman of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, my portion empowers Alaskans to build our economy & create healthy communities - working to ensure the best future for Alaskans   Congrats to Valerie Baalerud of Eagle River High School, who received the Milken Educator of the Year Award, given to some of the best teachers in the US. I’d like to thank Valerie on behalf of all Alaskans for her excellent work teaching, inspiring, and empowering young Alaskanspic.twitter.com/La5tl7m4lw Today kids in AK joined thousands of young people across the U.S. for ”Kick Butts Day.” Proud to see so many youth focused on creating a future, tobacco-free generation. I hope you “kicked butts” today!  #BeTheFirst  pic.twitter.com/KlMCZE6Ed1 We must protect our most vulnerable victims & bring justice to all who are impacted by these crimes. This evening, the senate proceeded to pass the “Allow States and Victims to Fight online Trafficking Act,” by a vote of 97-2. Earlier today, I spoke on the Senate Floor on preventing sex trafficking by attacking the problem at the source and ensuring that institutions that facilitate human trafficking online are held accountable.  This legislation will cut costs and stabilize the individual market for not only those in Alaska, but across the nation. I’m not giving up on the effort to provide the access and affordability of healthcare that our nation deserves.pic.twitter.com/p0i9iXwaul I’m proud to be a part of a bipartisan, bicameral legislative effort that addresses the rising cost of health insurance, which we’re pushing to be included in the upcoming government funding bill.pic.twitter.com/0wBQsWOHct #NationalAgDay is an chance to recognize the role that agriculture plays in providing jobs, food, & fuel for our economy, as well as the people who make it all happen. Thanks to our farmers, gardeners & fishermen who work to increase AK’s food security.  pic.twitter.com/Pip37sl18W Today I chaired an Energy Committee hearing, where @SecretaryPerry presented the President’s FY19 budget request for the Dept. of @Energy. I was pleased to hear his commitment to the innovation and technology that can serve the people of Alaska.  The North Slope Borough is planning to build new snow roads to connect some of our Arctic communities to the Alaska road system. This could lower the cost of living for these folks. Big news for some of our northernmost communities! #onlyinAlaska  Had the honor of recognizing a long-time member of my staff, Chuck Kleeschulte, on his retirement from the U.S. Senate. He is held in great respect by Alaskans for the 27 yrs of work he has put into public service supporting AK. He will be dearly missed.   Such a heartwarming story about School Resource Officer Blain Hatch being honored by young Alaskans and the difference local law enforcement is making in the lives of students. … Alaskan high school juniors, if you’re interested in playing an active role in the government, check out my Senate Page Program. You’ll meet students from across the country & have a chance to witness political debates of the US Senate. Click here to apply   As a former Girl Scout, I know first-hand what an important role this organization plays in the development of young women throughout the state of Alaska, inspiring girls to lead, serve, & make this world a better place. Happy 106th birthday, @girlscouts & thanks for all you do!pic.twitter.com/YAYEvw6PbZ This week during a @PNWER roundtable I spoke to the role of subnational governments in the North American Arctic in shaping national #Arctic policy.pic.twitter.com/HTsh4IlwjF This week, I spoke at the @ACORE 15th Annual Renewable Energy Policy Forum to discuss how renewables are creating options for cheaper and cleaner energy to power our state, our country, and our future.  #REPolicyForumpic.twitter.com/ZAU7w3Tgs9 Today is the last day to sign up for my summer intern program in D.C. You don’t have to want a future in policy, you just have to be an Alaskan that wants to learn and grow in our nation’s capital. To sign up, click here:   It was so great to meet with you. Thanks for all you do in the search for a cure for #cysticfibrosis. … Today I chaired an Energy Committee hearing, where we heard from Mr. Ted Garrish and Mr. James Campos, who have both been nominated to important positions at the Dept. of @Energy.   An analysis released this week shows that the Alexander-Murray Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act & Collins-Nelson Lower Premiums Through Reinsurance Act will lower premiums by more than 40 percent- further proof of the need to act now. Proud to cosponsor each of this bills I’ve continued to stress the need to pass two bipartisan healthcare measures to stabilize the individual markets while providing room for states to innovate and options for more affordable plans.   Congratulations to these young Alaskans! I'll be rooting for you as you compete in April! … This legislation will bring much-needed relief to numerous community, local & regional financial institutions throughout the nation, as well as provide access to capital for our entrepreneurs and businesses, leading to job creation and overall economic growth. This bill protects consumers, veterans and student borrowers as well as gives regulatory relief for community and regional financial institutions so they can get to the business of helping their communities grow. Bill highlights here:   W/ strong bipartisan support, the Senate passed Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, & Consumer Protection Act, legislation that rolls back many burdensome #DoddFrank provisions that had unintended consequences for consumers, home-buyers, & small business owners. Speaking now on the Senate Floor about the amazing career of recently retired, long-time staff member, Chuck Kleeschulte. Watch live here:   Speaking now on the Senate floor about one of the toughest races on the Earth, and specifically #Iditarod2018 Champion, Joar Leifseth Ulsom. Watch live here:   Today we held a @IndianCommittee hearing on opioid & alcohol abuse in Native American & Alaska Native communities. There's no hiding from this epidemic - substance abuse in AK is harming our communities, and we need to take steps now to address it.pic.twitter.com/ti1IqmHMkS Yesterday I chaired an Energy Cmte hearing on the President’s FY19 budget request of $11.7 billion for the @Interior. I am greatly encouraged by @SecretaryZinke’s willingness to address issues that have long been overlooked & reduce burdensome regulations.  A huge congratulations to Joar Leifseth on his victory today. This thousand mile race takes mushers across rugged terrain in harsh winter conditions—a true test of grit. #Iditarod2018 … Thanks to technology I was able to beam into @TananaChiefs Conference which addressed everything from food security to public safety and education to housing & employment. “Working Together for a Stronger Future" spoke of how collaborative partnerships build a stronger future!pic.twitter.com/sIhSpinjyW Congratulations to Andrew Kurka of Palmer, Alaska’s first athlete to ever medal at the Winter Paralympic Games. Kurka competed in numerous events, earning the gold in men’s downhill and silver in the super giant slalom (super-G.)  More positive outcomes as a result of the tax reform legislation we passed in December. … This bill mobilizes our National  Health Service Corps members and partners them with schools & community-based orgs--a practical, common-sense approach that'll make it less burdensome on parents & easier for children to get treatment they need. Read more:   Proud to work w/ @SenTinaSmith on a bill to expand access in underserved areas for children who need mental & behavioral health services.   We need to ensure that those who need access to preventative behavioral health services can obtain it when and where they need it. I am committed to helping bring down barriers to access in Alaska as well as to bolster treatment for those in need. Sen. @LisaMurkowski’s questions to @SecretaryZinke →  Momentarily, in an Energy and Natural Resources hearing, we’ll discuss the administration’s FY19 budget request for @Interior w/ @SecretaryZinke testifying. Watch live here:   It’s been great keeping track of where the mushers are & their progress on the Iditarod trail. Even 4,000 miles away, having the leaderboard feels like having a little piece of home right here in D.C. Heading into day 8, I’m anxious to see who the 2018 Iditarod champion will be! … Proud to introduce the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act w/ @SenDonnelly & @SenatorHassan, a bipartisan bill to address shortage of professionals who are trained to provide care & treatment for those suffering from substance abuse.   Honored to join w/ hundreds of Alaskans yesterday to remember and celebrate the life of Special Olympics Alaska leader Jim Balamaci, following the closing ceremony of the @SpecialOlymAK Winter Games. Such a fitting way to commemorate the amazing legacy Jim left behind. … With Olympic snowboarder Rosie Mancari at the @SpecialOlymAK Winter Games.pic.twitter.com/K7ruusZUiT I had such a wonderful time w/ athletes @SpecialOlymAK Winter Games, including awarding medals in the alpine skiing & snowboarding. Thanks to this amazing organization, the athletes, and all the volunteers & supporters who made sure this event was memorable for everyone.pic.twitter.com/gkfRvfVzXw Alaskan students -- I have several internship opportunities this summer in my D.C. office! Applications are due this upcoming Thursday, March 15. Click here for info and the application:  pic.twitter.com/w0ELie1Q08 Glad to be in Houston for @CERAWeek with @JohnCornyn, and to meet Houston Mayor, @SylvesterTurner! #CERAWeekpic.twitter.com/ZYD5tQdpht During our interview we had the opportunity to discuss energy policy, ANWR, tax reform, mineral security, and recently announced tariffs. It’s always great to have the chance to update folks on what we’re working on in D.C. #CERAWeekpic.twitter.com/7NC4Im8dk4 I had the chance to give an update on what’s happening in D.C., alongside @JohnCornyn at @CERAWeek — Special thanks to Dr. Yergin & all the participants for joining us to take a look at new technologies, evolving markets, and our energy future.pic.twitter.com/8BuxSNtxXk Nuclear power is an essential part of our nation’s electricity supply. It’s clean, safe, efficient, and reliable. Re-establishing American nuclear leadership by moving advanced reactors to market is necessary for our energy security and our national security. This bipartisan bill will promote public-private partnerships, enabling the development and deployment of advanced reactors, including micro-reactors – which are especially exciting to me as a potential solution for rural communities and remote military installations in Alaska. Pleased to see the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, legislation I cosponsored, passed the Senate.   My statement on the administration's steel and aluminum tariff announcement.pic.twitter.com/mucA5gPGop In just a few moments, I will be discussing current energy policy and what lies ahead with David Yergin and Sen. @JohnCornyn at #CERAWeek. Watch live here:   I spoke on the Senate floor in honor of Jim Balamaci, President/CEO of @SpecialOlymAK who unexpectedly passed away at the age of 63. He will be remembered for his decades of service to Alaska. He has earned a place in our history as well as our hearts.     House Bill No. 2 in 1913 gave women the right the vote in Alaska. It was the first bill passed by the territorial legislature. #InternationalWomensDay  …pic.twitter.com/Zt6HJvWC0Q In observance of #InternationalWomensDay I hope everyone will take time to recognize and thank our everyday heroes who are too often overlooked in their efforts to advance equality and to reflect on the accomplishments of our nation's women.pic.twitter.com/FhozbyH5fG Honored to have been selected as a 2018 YMCA Congressional Champion for my work to preserve funding for the 21st Century Community Learning Centers program. Thx to everyone striving to give Alaska’s youth the chance to learn & sharpen their minds before, during, and after school.pic.twitter.com/Tc42QMe65B Had the pleasure of meeting Alaska’s U.S. Senate Youth Program delegates, Brian Conwell of Unalaska & Bianca Eagan of Juneau. Chosen for their leadership ability, scholastic achievement, & letters of recommendation, these young Alaskans are amazing representations of our state.pic.twitter.com/9DKtLsc7PS Today I spoke at the Consortium for Ocean Leadership's Event to discuss the role of inter-agency partnering, coordination, & public-private partnerships in advancing ocean science, & to look for collaborative opportunities so we can resolve our ocean issues that impact everyone.pic.twitter.com/q2OfAJo25N Because of tax reform, more than 100,000 Alaskans could see lower utility bills. I’m encouraged by the projected benefits that are a result of the federal corporate tax cut, giving hard-working Alaskans financial relief. Alaska's future is looking bright!  Today, I spoke on increasing housing availability for AK Natives and Indian tribes nationwide, to the @naihc_national – a non-profit organization that assists tribes and tribal housing programs in providing safe, sanitary, and quality affordable housing  Today during an Energy and Natural Resources committee hearing, we heard from Dr. James F. Reilly who is being considered for @USGS Director. Currently a consultant on space operations & previously worked as a geologist in TX and an astronaut for @NASA - an impressive candidate!pic.twitter.com/4YJ5t6vh77 #OnlyInAlaska do we have a footrace with reindeer. This weekend hundreds, including one of my staff members, took to the streets of downtown Anchorage for a mad dash in Fur Rondezvous’ annual Running of the Reindeer.pic.twitter.com/UFpNkz5ujH The #Iditarod2018 leaderboard is up in my D.C. office! I’ll be keeping tabs on the top ten mushers and updating them daily.pic.twitter.com/L5FPreaa9u By being proactive, we all can be part of the solution and keep our students and teachers safe.   By equipping individuals with the tools, knowledge & skills needed to identify warning signs, as well as implementing anonymous reporting systems for how to notify the proper authorities with potential threats, we are taking a step in the right direction.   The STOP School Violence Act, which I’m a proud cosponsor, aims to help schools implement evidence-based programs that stop school violence before it happens.   There is no one, simple fix for addressing acts of violence, but a focus on prevention is an imperative. We need a more proactive approach to address the growing violence that we see in our society. Alaska’s best-known sporting event, the Iditarod sled dog race officially gets underway from Willow today as the race follows the Southern Route this year. Good luck to everyone participating and stay safe!  Keep track of all your favorite mushers here:   Such a tremendous story about Kamaka Hepa of Utqiagvik, who with the support of his family is pursuing his dream of playing professional basketball. … Like many Alaskans, I’ll be tracking #Iditarod2018 as the racers arrive at the check-points. Keep up with your favorite teams on the trail here:   There’s nothing quite like the sights and sounds at the Iditarod. I had such a great time with the athletes (and mushers of course) in the chute and watching the race get underway at the ceremonial start in Anchorage today!  #Iditarod2018pic.twitter.com/yOCJaQqcNu It’s that time of year again to watch the greatest race in the world. I really enjoyed mingling with mushers, their teams, and Alaskans enjoying the start of the race for #Iditarod2018. Best of luck to all competing in the Last Great Race on Earth!pic.twitter.com/3xmcrzqu2k Proud to intro Military Hunger Prevention Act w/ Senators Duckworth & Udall– legislation that will take a step in the right direction by eliminating barriers that prevent many needy military families from being able to access SNAP & school meal programs   Our military families have enough to worry about as they defend our nation and shouldn't have to rely on food banks to help them put food on the table. Even as I work to ensure that our military families don’t need to rely on anti-hunger  programs, too many remain food insecure. The Iditarod ceremonial start is Saturday morning - here's all you need to know to watch it in person, from home, or at the re-start on Sunday:  …pic.twitter.com/RBBD8nT0cr I chaired an Energy Cmte hearing today to examine opportunities to promote the cybersecurity and resiliency of our nation’s critical energy infrastructure. Those solutions may not require more regulation, but rather more common sense and cooperation.pic.twitter.com/PoOSBdjJCF Always good to see fellow Alaskans! Members of the Alaska Broadcasters Association got to see a behind the scenes look at a day-in-the-life on the Hill, where votes prompt us to hold meetings on the go and in the halls of the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/i1M0ciFUlX Sen @LisaMurkowski: The issues of #electricity delivery and #energy reliability are not distinct - they’re very much intertwined. Murkowski: We must determine what the next appropriate steps will be to further identify and prevent #cyber intrusions and increase #resiliency in the event of an attack. Those #solutions may not require more regulation, but rather more #CommonSense and #cooperation. Sen. @LisaMurkowski’s opening statement →  For the past month we have been celebrating Black History Month, acknowledging achievements by African Americans in U.S. history. Today I want to highlight some individuals who have made a lasting impact on the history of Alaska.   The Dept. of the @Interior  announced the FY18 Abandoned Mine Land (AML) Reclamation Grants. Alaska will receive $2.8 million to restore legacy sites in Healy Valley and elsewhere in our state, and help protect local communities.  Today I discussed the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and the Commodity Supplemental Food Program with food bank representatives from Anchorage, the Kenai Peninsula, Talkeetna, & Dillingham. So grateful for all they do.pic.twitter.com/7UGn4JskdH Special thanks to @ValdezMuseum for nominating me to receive the 2018 Award for Congressional Museum Day, today, for my support for the arts & humanities. I'm glad to be able to help preserve our local and national stories so that all generations may continue to visit museums.pic.twitter.com/76rbMfqn2l Pleased to see acquisition for a new polar icebreaker is advancing to a new phase where Navy&CG can proceed with a RFP for detail design & construction of a heavy polar icebreaker. A positive step towards the fleet needed for safety & security of Arctic.   I have long fought to fund the acquisition of Arctic-capable icebreakers as a robust fleet is critical for @USCG to carry out its mission in the area--from monitoring increased levels of shipping activities to search and rescue or for our national security. I am a longtime believer in the Alaska Military Youth Academy, so it's an honor to congratulate all 146 graduating cadets! I encourage this graduating class to lead by example, do good things for your state and your community, and to do well for yourselves.pic.twitter.com/eRimbgxNaY I recently visited the Juneau Housing First Facility, which offers housing for nearly a third of Juneau's chronically homeless population. Residents have access to medical care, behavioral health services, food, laundry & a learning center.pic.twitter.com/b9oKPH6J1v While in Juneau I was able to attend the Innovation Summit, a conference that brings hundreds of professionals from various fields together to network and celebrate the progress in technology and entrepreneurship we're making in Alaska and across our nation.pic.twitter.com/34m6wQGYjd Looks like Fur Rondy is off to a good start. Nobody celebrates winter better than Alaskans!pic.twitter.com/h3F3KtMGkR While I was in Juneau this weekend I had the opportunity to join the Alaska State Library, Archives & Museum to recognize their contribution to the arts and to celebrate their being selected as one of the nation’s 10 best museums by the Institute of Museum and Library Services.pic.twitter.com/Jm5ggJVrlL Held a roundtable earlier today in Ketchikan focused on opportunities to improve access to the Tongass and how to build a more sustainable & diverse economy in southeast Alaska. Thanks to all the stakeholders who participated, including Forest Service Chief Tony Tooke.pic.twitter.com/AQR7l5xPVm What more can we do to build a well-qualified Alaska workforce for the oil & gas industry? That’s a question I’m asking producers in AK as we are seeing a rise in the percentage of workers from outside the state.   It’s always good to be back at our State Capitol — seeing so many familiar faces and meeting new ones! It’s so valuable to have this opportunity to discuss what is happening both here at home and in DC and how we can work together for Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/Osm0YwKVHb #SenateFashion doesn't have a thing on our Alaska reporters!pic.twitter.com/hvcBkYnCaG Speaking now to the Alaska State Legislature. Watch live here:  In Chugiak, I toured the Alaska Laborers Training School, an apprenticeship training facility where Alaskans are beginning the journey to join Alaska’s workforce. This facility will open the doors for so many Alaskans to prepare themselves for future opportunities in our state.pic.twitter.com/5sCVYZr2JM Yesterday Alaska lost Roy S. Ewan, a respected leader who spent the entirety of his life standing up for the Ahtna people, and ensuring that Alaska Native hunting and fishing rights remain intact and protected. … .@lisamurkowski stopped by our @ktva studio this eveningpic.twitter.com/r8ChwdkirR Congrats to Anchorage local Kikkan Randall on bringing home the gold in the women’s cross-country team sprint race. This medal is the first medal for American women’s cross-country skiing in Olympic history. We're all so proud of Kikkan & her skiing partner Jessie Diggins. … Congratulations to Juneau artist Michaela Goade whose illustrated book,  "Shanyaak’utlaax: Salmon Boy" recently won best picture book of the year. I own many of Michaela's books & I'm inspired by her ability to use art to bring her Alaskan books to life.  During my visit to Eagle River HS, I spoke to a student gov class & learned more about an incredible Peer Leadership Program that was initially geared to integrate new students of military parents, but has since benefited the entire school. Thanks, everyone, for a great visit!pic.twitter.com/NX0EIuYYsb It was great to meet with members of AK's Behavioral Health Assoc. today. Words can't express my gratitude for their work treating mental illness & addiction in Alaska. I'm committed to doing all I can to direct more resources to be sure that patients have the support they need.pic.twitter.com/v4BjBT4BUv In 2015 I introduced legislation to combat the multi-billion dollar threat posed by illegal fishing. While passage of the House companion has been successful in many ways we must remain vigilant to protect our oceans & its resources, and ensure our fisheries remain healthy. Approximately 25% of the 120 million tons of seafood caught every year is illegally harvested. This illegal fishing has the potential to severely harm Alaska's fisheries.  Yesterday, the Alaska Chinese Association (ACA) hosted an amazing event to celebrate Chinese New Year and the “Year of the Dog”, where over 20 students were presented with scholarships. Thank you to ACA for including me in this special celebration.pic.twitter.com/t1E5RLEXfD I hope everyone will take time today to commemorate the achievements of our country's presidents and how they have impacted our nation’s history.  #PresidentsDaypic.twitter.com/lQgmKk4MVe For 41 years Armed Services YMCA of AK has recognized AK’s exceptional service members for their excellence in service.  The 12 awarded members were chosen from the military, from active, guard, and reserve duty status for their integrity & dedication - we are so proud.pic.twitter.com/b0b1i7iSpE Special shoutout to Strands of Magic, a non-profit started by Holly Christensen & Bree Hitchcock that creates yarn wigs for children who have lost their hair due to chemotherapy treatments. It’s people like them that makes Alaska so unique and special.   Alongside Senator @brianschatz I introduced the Filipino Veterans Fairness Act of 2018. This bipartisan legislation restores the US government’s promise to Filipino World War II veterans & ensures those surviving are eligible for the benefits they earned.   I was glad to have a chance to meet w/ the ALS advocacy group “More Than our Stories.” We discussed a range of topics including the success of the Young Faces of ALS Corntoss challenge, my advocacy for funding for the ALS registry, and potential opportunities for future funding.pic.twitter.com/bAvSW63qQH The Alaska State Legislature honored Al Adams of Kotzebue, former state lawmaker who passed away in 2012, by naming the House Finance Committee Room in his honor. A well-deserved recognition for a beloved Alaskan who did so much for our state.pic.twitter.com/t3a4V2PLK4 Congress must lift the cloud of uncertainty that is hovering over the Dreamers and ensure they no longer fear deportation, while strengthening our border in an intelligent way.  I am committed to finding a way forward. … The vast majority of Americans believe that the Dreamers, who were brought here by their parents, and raised here, should be protected from deportation.  While none of the measures voted on today received enough votes to pass, we should not give up, and I will not. … Extremely disappointed the Senate failed to advance our bipartisan proposal that provided both certainty for the Dreamers & critical improvements to border security. The legislation offered a path forward to the most urgent and pressing immigration issues.pic.twitter.com/0knlSNKWKy In the Indian Affairs Oversight Hearing we focused on Native Americans & the 2020 Census. I asked Alaskan witness, Carol Gore, to share testimony about new best practices regarding collecting Census data.pic.twitter.com/LntD0Q1znM I joined a bipartisan group of Senators on leg. to protect Dreamers & strengthen border security. I am encouraged by the time and effort we have spent as a group trying to achieve a consensus on this difficult issue   Education is key to Alaska’s future. Today I had the opportunity to speak to the National Indian Education Association to discuss the empowerment of Alaska Native students and how we can better support them.pic.twitter.com/LlBz1wl9gR Congrats to AK’s own Allen Moore on winning the Yukon Quest. This marks his 3rd time winning the 1,000 mile international sled dog race. We’re so proud of Alan and his pack of sled dogs! #YQ2018  We must, at the very least, require labeling for GE salmon & mandate a third-party scientific review of the approval process for this fish & all future fish that go through this inadequate approval process. Everyone deserves to know what they are eating & to know it's safe. The HELP Committee hearing re FDA Animal Drug User Fees, gave me the chance to talk about Genetically Engineered (GE) salmon AKA “Frankenfish" which were approved by the FDA through the New Animal Drug pathway as the first GE species for human consumption.  It’s an honor to speak to tribal leaders from across the US for the NCAI Winter Session. I'm deeply committed to working alongside native communities to help improve their quality of life & I'm confident we can continue on the progress that we have made.  pic.twitter.com/OErQZEYYWL Enjoying catching up w/ @lisamurkowski & @NCAI1944 ED Jackie Pata backstage #ECWS2018pic.twitter.com/mInJJ3eMNP Thanks to Jenny Gates, students in Soldotna received a special lesson: learning all of the nitty-gritty details about one of Alaska’s most valuable resources, our salmon.   Today the President released his budget request for FY19. Now, I look forward to working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to consider those requests & work towards setting funding levels for the coming year.    From working to secure a life-saving road for King Cove, to reauthorizing CHIP for 10 yrs, to fighting back against the opioid crisis --we’ve started off the yr in stride and have a lot of work ahead of us. Keep up w/ me by subscribing to my e-newsletter.   BREAKING: All ASD schools are canceled today, Monday, Feb. 12, due to icy road conditions. Be safe out there! Many joined together in AK yesterday to celebrate and remember Lucky Wishbone owner & Alaska pioneer, George Brown, who passed away at 96. While I am saddened that I couldn’t pay my respects in person, I was able to speak to his legacy on the Senate floor  As someone who experienced the Ted Stevens internship program first-hand, I love seeing this group of promising young adults learning about this special program at Governor Walkers house.pic.twitter.com/xxjW1TfXA4 I’m honored to have been selected for the 2018 American Voice Award for my commitment to the arts.pic.twitter.com/XkExJw6Lsm The 4th Annual Anchorage Transportation Fair took place at the Alaska Airlines Center showcasing various walking, biking, & driving projects in AK. I look forward to the improvements that the hard working men and women of our construction industry will continue to make.pic.twitter.com/2yjmZDVvfP With the Winter Olympics underway, some of my colleagues and I answered some “tough” questions about the Olympics. Go Team USA!pic.twitter.com/ekCHq3rkeu Last night we kicked off the 2018 Winter Olympics with a record breaking 14 Alaskans competing. Each of these Olympians are a symbol of hard-work, hope, and dedication. I’m rooting for each of you as you compete to represent our state and our great nation.  Thanks to colleagues on the Senate Appropriations Committee, especially Senator Thad Cochran and Senator Richard Shelby, for working with me over the months to secure fisheries disasters aid. After more than a year of persistence, funding for fisheries disasters was included in the emergency supplemental appropriations, contained in the Bipartisan Budget Agreement. Senator Dan Sullivan and I urged our colleagues to include disaster funding for coastal communities impacted by fisheries disasters as part of any disaster relief package that moves through Congress.   Early this morning, the Senate passed a two-year budget agreement, the Bipartisan Budget Act. The bill supports our military and vets, provides disaster relief, increases access to healthcare & combats the opioid epidemic.   How do we change the face of addiction so that there is the ability as society to embrace what we have to do to solve addiction? The issue of addiction & how opioids are devastating our communities around AK & around the country needs to be a priority   How can we do more to facilitate a conversation about the fact that the ppl who are dealing with addiction are not bottom of the barrel, are not people at the bottom of society? This is a question I asked today in a HELP Cmte Hearing on the opioid crisis   From addressing the issue of officer recruitment & retention, increasing public knowledge of the dangers of opioids, or educating communities on violent crime prevention- it's more important than ever to take practical, collaborative steps to ensure the safety of Alaskan citizens Yesterday, I met with Alaska Department of Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan on the public safety crises we’re facing in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/vhClM9vLsx The individuals affected by substance abuse are our friends, our families, and people we love. During the hearing we heard from a parent who lost multiple loved ones to the opioid crisis  In a HELP Cmte. hearing today I asked a witness about what strategies we can implement to fight the opioid crisis and how we can do more to facilitate conversations about the stigmas attached to those struggling with opioid abuse. It’s going to take an all-hands-on-deck approach to combat the opioid crisis. During the HELP Hearing we will address what we're doing to aid those struggling families and communities.   HELP Committee hearing starts today at 10:00am ET focused on the opioid crisis and its impact on children and families. Tune in here:   Saddened to hear that an Alaska community leader, Mort Plumb, passed away. Mort, a former military leader who also led the operations at the Ted Stevens Intentional Airport for years, will be sorely missed. Condolences to his wife and family.pic.twitter.com/kaxIvaBkpX Today, during the ENR subcommittee hearing, I spoke on S. 1481, the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act Improvement Act, which would provide long overdue corrections to ANCSA and finally fulfill promises Congress made to Alaska Natives 47 years ago.  Sen. @maziehirono & I led the Senate’s annual resolution recognizing Feb. as #HeartMonth. Heart disease is the leading cause of death in women in the U.S. so we must support efforts to help prevent cardiovascular disease in women. #GoReadForWomen   Proudly wearing red alongside my Senate colleagues to celebrate heart health month! #GoRedForWomenpic.twitter.com/IXcwUbb6L7 Today, the ENR Committee reviewed legislation for U.S.-affiliated islands: Oversight of Bikini Resettlement Trust Fund and Northern Marianas Worker permit extension.pic.twitter.com/46fbwMAuzw I’m pleased the continuing resolution unveiled last night contains a 2 year extension for our community health centers, which once signed into law, will be vital to providing access to affordable healthcare for our most vulnerable individuals and families   Community health centers, committed to offering access to healthcare, provide such vital services for Alaska, especially in rural areas. I joined a bipartisan group of colleagues, calling on the Senate to reauthorize funding for these critical centers   Happy to join Alaskans in celebrating 20th anniversary of @AlaskaSeaLife at the Alaska Marine Gala this past weekend. Thanks to everyone helping to promote understanding and stewardship of our marine ecosystems.pic.twitter.com/Kf7Z4d5EtB Every year I have the honor of nominating a group of promising young Alaskans for admission into our nation’s military academies. View my full list of this year’s nominees here:   This was the sky last night as I was flying out of Anchorage. #ThisIsAlaskapic.twitter.com/903ybfvdsa I recently joined the Kenai and Soldotna Chambers of Commerce to provide a legislative update for what Congress is doing in the upcoming year. I look forward to contuining to work with you all to create a brighter future for our state.pic.twitter.com/iEw14O3P4x Love the creativity and resourcefulness of Alaskans! I stopped by Brew 602 in Soldotna --- a new coffee shop made from an Alaska Railroad car. How cool is that? #OnlyInAlaskapic.twitter.com/903SZf5jCO Alaska high school and college students, if you are interested in experiencing the government firsthand, I encourage you to apply for a summer internship in my DC office. Applications are due March 16th   Today I met w/ the Kenai Peninsula Borough School District for a round table meeting to discuss the School District’s educational focuses, impacts of the opioid epidemic, concerns regarding school choice, and how the rising cost of health care takes money from the classroom.pic.twitter.com/kyvcYV8HyI Anyone who was fortunate enough to know Jim Balamaci knows what a huge impact he has made on the lives of Alaskans across the state. His service & dedication to Special Olympics Alaska was unwavering. Jim WAS Special Olympics in Alaska. I will miss his infectious, positive spiritpic.twitter.com/rbed2F0rUf A goal of mine is to visit every school in Alaska. Today I had the opportunity to meet with students and staff at Soldotna Elementary School.pic.twitter.com/mgp8gUOwoC 