 BREAKING: Senate passes bipartisan funding bill that invests in programs benefitting all Americans - @NIH research, opioid programs, college affordability, workforce training & more  With House passage, here’s what’s in the bill heading to @POTUS’ desk:   Largest pay raise for our military in nearly a decade   Resources to combat the opioid crisis  Support for students at all stages of their academic career Watch now  The House is voting to pass the defense & health funding bill  … Very glad to see Ryan & Tarah Craft today. I had the honor of working w/ them to help bring their daughter Jessica from the Democratic Republic of Congo home to #MO. As co-chair of the adoption caucus, I’m proud to advocate for policies to help more children find loving homes.pic.twitter.com/0O2REKWRvr What you need to know about the bipartisan, bicameral LHHS funding bill   …pic.twitter.com/TDcAIIrPA8 There are only two B-29s in the world that are still flight worthy - and one of them is on display at the Joplin Airport … This week is National Child Passenger Safety Week. If you would like to have your car seat inspected, contact your local troop headquarters and ask for the public information and education officer. … Met with Col. Ellicot from @USACEHQ to get an update on current projects in the Memphis District, which includes SE Missouripic.twitter.com/HqDdn6Fr5D WATCH: "You have to be able to get back up and have to battle. You have to take on those challenges head on and give your best every day."  @LeBlondEagles Tony Dudik still loves coaching after 42 years. @leblondfootball … A bill led by U.S. Sen. @RoyBlunt includes a fourth consecutive increase to @NIH funding, which helps drive innovative cancer research at Siteman and across the country.  Thank you Sgt. Randy Anderson & Officer Jon Munyan for your bravery and thank you to all the #KCMO officers who were recognized. …  Consumer confidence at highest level in 18 years  … Sat down today w/ Dr. Jeff Meisenheimer, the Missouri High School Principal of the Year. Dr. Meisenheimer, the principal of Lee’s Summit North, and I talked about our teaching days. Before serving as assistant principal and then principal, Dr. Meisenheimer was a business teacher.pic.twitter.com/56KKSoS6wc This weekend Clarksville Mayor Jo Anne Smiley was honored with the Presidential Volunteer Service Award. Congratulations, Mayor Smiley, and thank you for your dedication to the Clarksville community and volunteer service. In Ava this weekend, several thousand people, including many Vietnam veterans, came to visit ‘The Wall That Heals’ … Congratulations, Sydney Pierce. The @MOSOLions senior’s oil painting has been selected for the Northern National Art Competition  From @41ActionNews: @KCPolice hopes PAL program connects community, creates bonds   … Grants from @HHSgov will help more Missourians get the opioid treatment and mental health services they need, especially in rural areas and underserved communities. Read more here: … Pell Grants help put a higher education within reach for thousands of Missouri students every year. That’s why I pushed to increase the maximum Pell Grant award & restored year-round Pell Grants.  pic.twitter.com/jWqDTs8MeZ Branson Fall Clean-Up Starts in October  pic.twitter.com/3iBhD4uSsY .@StevenDialTV reports: Millions in federal aid heading to Missouri, Kansas to fight opioid issue   @41ActionNews Blue Springs police hand out high-fives and hugs to 8-year-old fighting a brain tumor  pic.twitter.com/HE6DZk45ss .@CHCCentralMO in #JeffCity received a federal grant for substance use disorder and mental health treatment. They plan to use the grant to launch a mobile health clinic & hire another community health worker. More from @GarrettKRCG13:  Congratulations Justin Cotter - the West Plains High School senior was recently named a semifinalist in the National Merit Scholarship Program  Community health centers are on the front lines of the opioid epidemic, providing substance use disorder treatment & mental health care in underserved communities. MO CHCs are set to receive more than $7.8 mill to expand access to these critical services  Rates of opioid overdose deaths are rising in rural areas, surpassing rates in urban areas. This newly-announced grant funding focuses resources on expanding access to treatment services in rural communities:  Dierbergs Markets is hiring nearly 220 full & part-time positions. More details here:  Hillsboro HS football team is rallying around freshman teammate Sal Signorelli, who was recently diagnosed with cancer.  Travel back in time this weekend at Frontier Days  Meet Cooper, the newest member of the Florissant Fire Department  pic.twitter.com/xmcjLHufFg Here's how you can get into national parks for free this weekend  pic.twitter.com/6HJTeyRWFX .@Royblunt – Thank you for your continued leadership on behalf of @NIH and its funding! Your support ensures our preeminence as a global leader in #medicalresearch. #fundNIH #ResearchIsReward @NIBIBgov Senator @RoyBlunt, thank you for your leadership on the #FY19 #LaborHDefense spending package that included $2b in additional funds for @NIH, and supports the creation of new #cures and medical innovationspic.twitter.com/So2s5ACgRq Joplin Airport Receives Grant for New Taxiway  pic.twitter.com/z87Yx2syJD From @41ActionNews: BoysGrow expanding, adding farm kitchen to program  Central High School in #StJoeMO has a new program that helps special needs students gain hands-on experience for future career opportunities  St. Charles named one of the ‘Best Places to Live in America’ by Money magazine  pic.twitter.com/ncNCEaMxWf JUST IN: Missouri to receive $31.5M in grant funding to help communities address the opioid epidemic. Details here:  Joplin Regional Airport will receive a $7.5 million grant to modernize its infrastructure. This project will help the airport to keep up with growing travel demand, which is great for families & local businesses  Congratulations, @USAirForce Lt. Cols. John and Jennifer Avery - the first husband-wife team to fly the B-2. Thank you for your service and wish you the best in retirement  Children’s Mercy Hospital offers special day for kids living with trachs  pic.twitter.com/mEthpk8hbl It's exciting to see continued bipartisan support from Congress to increase funding for AmeriCorps. Thank you @RoyBlunt @PattyMurray @TomColeOK04 @rosadelauro for your leadership and support. #Stand4Service “Middle-class income rose to the highest recorded levels in 2017 and the national poverty rate declined as the benefits of the strong economy lifted the fortunes of more Americans, the U.S. Census reported”  A huge thank you to @RoyBlunt and @PattyMurray for their tireless bipartisan work on the FY2019 Labor-HHS bill, and for pushing towards a $9B increase in funding for NIH over the last 4 years. #FundNIH … Big thanks to Sen. @RoyBlunt, Sen. @MurrayCampaign, @SenShelby, & @SenatorLeahy for supporting an increase for @NIH research!  CVD remains the leading killer of Americans. But there's hope through research and prevention. #CuresNotCutspic.twitter.com/ld7CZzTPmk This year's defense funding bill is good news for Missourians:  Includes largest pay raise for service members in nearly a decade  Provides critical resources for installations across MO  Supports defense research & development initiatives in MO  “Walt Disney started what is now a billion dollar company, but long before the creation of The Walt Disney Company, Disney grew up in a small north-central Missouri town.”  Today we celebrate 71 years as the world's greatest #AIRPOWER! #Birthday #AFBDaypic.twitter.com/VOY8ixMUlO The opioid crisis continues to take a toll on individuals, families, and local economies. This legislation focuses resources to help ensure states have the support they need to address this epidemic:  To help students get into college, complete their program or degree, and graduate with less debt, the Labor/HHS funding bill raises the maximum Pell Grant award & continues year-round Pell, invests in TRIO programs & more .@NIH research has raised life expectancy, improved quality of life, promoted medical innovation, and lowered health care costs. With today’s Senate vote, @NIH is on track for its 4th consecutive funding increase. Happy birthday, @USAirForce. Thank you to all Airmen for keeping our skies safe. #AFBdaypic.twitter.com/qt1zN6VR5s In 2017, the opioid crisis took the lives of more than 950 Missourians. Today, the Senate passed bipartisan legislation that will give states and communities more tools to address this devastating public health crisis.  .@RoyBlunt and @SenDeanHeller: Congress must act to continue attracting international travelers to America.   More via @thehill:  pic.twitter.com/h5FW3RYWvW Congratulations to Ron Riediger - he was named an Honorary Trooper by the @MSHTrooperGHQ last week. Ron, who owns an auto/towing service, responded to a call of an accident w/ a person trapped underneath a pickup. Ron worked quickly to safely free the man.  #OTD in 1787, our Founding Fathers signed the U.S. Constitution. Today we celebrate the guiding principles & protections in this remarkable document. #ConstitutionDay Missouri Task Force One is currently on the ground in North Carolina working around the clock on search and rescue operations  On Friday, I stopped in at @JewishFedSTL & met with President Andrew Rehfeld to discuss how we can work together to support the Jewish community in #STL and around the world.pic.twitter.com/RaqgMoKnDS Thank you to @Missouri Press Executive Director Mark Maassen for inviting me to be part of this important dialogue. It was good to see you and Second Vice President James Whitepic.twitter.com/LXqZL07aXA I spoke to @MissouriPress, updating reporters on issues impacting Missouri  Supporting Prop D (helps pay for critical road/bridge projects)  MO leading efforts to treat mental & behavioral health like all other health  @NIHgov's life-saving, cost-saving research Pell Grants can make a real difference in students’ ability to stay on track to graduate, which is why I worked to restore year-round Pell Grants. This year’s funding bill will help more students achieve their goal of a #highered degree pic.twitter.com/lF5BcVMNfO I’ve visited community health centers around Missouri, it’s strengthened my resolve to support the important work they’re doing every day.pic.twitter.com/xYxloo83NQ Great job, Vanessa  … Our 2018 Budweiser @SuperBowl commercial celebrated our employees who support our communities in times of need. Now our Fort Collins Brewery is joining our Emergency Water Donation Program, enabling us to deliver emergency drinking water even more quickly.  pic.twitter.com/c0xwWQFZOX Kennedy is an impressive young lady who cares deeply for her community. She’s assembled about 150 bags & counting with supplies for #KCMO moms in need.  Congress is on track to send the 4th consecutive increase for live-saving, cost-saving @NIH research to the president’s desk. More here:  Great to see Dr. Beversdorf and speak about his research at @MUHealth … #STEM education can:  Open doors   Help close the skills gap   Create opportunitiespic.twitter.com/pGyZAnQy9n Thank you, @RoyBlunt for your leadership on this bipartisan funding bill to renew Congress's commitment to medical research and the fight to #ENDALZ! … I’m proud of the groundbreaking medical research that’s underway in Missouri, like developing a diagnostic blood test for Alzheimer’s disease, and will continue leading efforts to make our research institutions have the support they need:  It was an honor to meet Jim when he came to DC last month, glad to hear he received a hero’s welcome when he got back home  More Missourians die from opioid overdoses than car accidents or breast cancer. Making sure states have the resources to fight this epidemic is a priority in the Labor/HHS funding bill:  From Army active duty and reserve increases to important investments in our state’s military installations, learn more about the other Missouri and national defense priorities included in the bill:  It also includes the largest military pay increase in nearly a decade, helping to honor our nation’s heroes for their service. The bipartisan, bicameral defense funding bill is focused on making sure our nation’s service members have the training and equipment they need to carry out their missions. By increasing the maximum Pell grant award and prioritizing early childhood education, we’ll help prepare students for the jobs and careers of today and the future. More here:  According to @UMR4NIH, in 2017, Missouri received $537.5 million in NIH grant funding, supporting 7,569 jobs and $1.305 billion in economic activity. This year’s Labor/HHS funding bill continues our commitment to medical innovation:  The opioid epidemic is taking a toll on individuals, families, communities, and local economies. We need a federal response that’s equal to the challenge we’re facing, and the Labor/HHS funding bill delivers that:  Ninety percent of Americans who complete apprentice training programs land a job, and their average starting salary is $60,000 a year. With this bill, we’ll help maximize apprenticeship growth and support employers looking to hire, train, or retain a skilled workforce. Royals in the Community Week continues as we hosted 50 athletes from Special Olympics KC Metro for a softball game at #TheK today! #Royals50pic.twitter.com/DbISfEBoSr It has been a busy, productive and memorable last 24 hours here in the Middle East with our service men and women. Here’s a quick recap and highlights of some (but definitely not all) the special moments throughout the last day! #BeTheForce #RaisedRoyal @the_USO @Royalspic.twitter.com/Z5AW43BN5u House-Senate Labor/HHS agreement includes $3.8 billion for health-related opioid programs – another big step toward getting this epidemic under control  There are nearly 7 million job openings in the U.S., but many employers are struggling to find qualified candidates. The education and workforce training programs prioritized in the Labor/HHS bill will help close the skills gap:  By surpassing the $2 billion goal of the National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s disease, this bill supports research aimed at finding a treatment, prevention, and cure for the most expensive disease in America. #EndAlz .@NIH research is key to lowering health care costs over the long term, as new medical breakthroughs make it possible to reduce the incidence of disease or eradicate many of them entirely, shorten hospital stays, and diminish the use of invasive surgery. Medical research represents hope for millions of Americans suffering from conditions ranging from cancer to Alzheimer’s disease to cystic fibrosis. Today, I’m proud to announce the Labor/HHS funding agreement includes the 4th consecutive increase for @NIH.  I’m proud to announce that my bipartisan bill to help protect victims of child abuse & hold perpetrators accountable is one step closer to becoming law:  Happening this Friday  Veterans Expo will be at Memorial hall in Joplin. There will be vendors to help veterans enroll in Veterans Affairs benefits & more. Details here:  Tune in as I join @kzrgchad & Sarah Novotny on @1310kzrg Morning Newswatch this morning at 7:10 CT. Listen live here:  Buddy Program Promotes Inclusiveness at Jarrett Middle School  pic.twitter.com/nQfnNinExm Congratulations to Aaron C. Wells, Lane M. Wilson & William E. Secker - these Joplin students are National Merit Scholarship semifinalists  Crimson Cafe gives Lee’s Summit North High School students hands-on experience and skills to succeed in the workforce   It’s National Truck Driver Appreciation Week. Thank you to all the hardworking truck drivers who keep America running. #NTDAW  “Typical family incomes rose to new record highs in 2017, and poverty subsided to pre-recession lows, the Census Bureau reported Wednesday.”  Thanks for your support … To honor the firefighters & first responders who lost their lives on #September11th, Hillyard fire science & EMS students participated in a memorial stair climb  3 members of Missouri Task Force 1 deployed ahead of Hurricane Florence   #KMOVpic.twitter.com/HncDG16QKW Look forward to joining @MarcCox971 on @971FMTalk this morning at 7:35 am CT. Listen live here:  Cub Scouts from Willard and their parents placed 2,500 flags around the city to remember those who lost their lives on #September11th  A fleet of historic WWII planes will be at Branson Airport later this month  Protecting our elections, the very foundation of our democracy, is a top priority. I spoke today at #NESS2018 about the steps we’re taking to secure our election infrastructure and ensure confidence in our elections.pic.twitter.com/EZqp7DwPSm As a nat’l transportation hub, #MO’s economy is directly tied to the strength of our infrastructure. By improving our roads, waterways, & bridges, Missouri will be well positioned to take advantage of the many opportunities that lie ahead:  Improving the VA is a key part of keeping our promises to our nation’s heroes, and I’m pleased this bill includes funding to help ensure veterans have access to care when and where they need it #TaxReform at work … The Senate and House were able to work through differences and reach a bipartisan agreement on two of the biggest priorities we have in Missouri: honoring our commitment to those who served and modernizing our state’s infrastructure networks:  And, we recognize the sacrifices our service members, first responders, and intelligence professionals make every day to keep our country safe. #NeverForget Today, we remember the lives that were lost and pray for the loved ones who suffer their absence every day. We have not forgotten you, and we never will. We honor the heroes who ran toward danger, risking their lives to help others. The #September11th terrorist attacks claimed thousands of lives and forever impacted countless more. That day, even as we mourned, we banded together as Americans to find strength and resolve in the face of tragedy.pic.twitter.com/uOYiGWdgdR Another way Missouri is leading the country when treating mental & behavioral health like all other health  NEWS: U.S. manufacturing grew in August at the fastest pace since May 2004! … 7-month-old boy in KC is one of the youngest to undergo heart, lung transplant:  …pic.twitter.com/lslWeBKuRK Over the weekend, #StJoeMO VFW held a ceremony to remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice on 9/11  Glad to see @BurrellCenter was awarded $500K federal grant to expand mental & behavioral health programs for teens  I’ve visited @BurrellCenter several times to see the important work they’re doing to help families impacted by the opioid epidemic. I was proud to back this grant funding & I’ll continue working to make sure health providers have the resources they need:  I’m proud to announce that Missouri will receive more than $280,000 in @USDA grant funding to improve opioid-related services in rural communities:  Can an eye exam predict #Alzheimers?  Using tech similar to what is found in many eye doctors’ offices, #WashUMed researchers detected evidence of Alzheimer’s in patients with no clinical symptoms.  pic.twitter.com/wmIOQCYglp “Hiring picked up in August and so did worker pay -- registering the fastest wage growth since 2009 in an encouraging sign that wages may finally be moving higher after years of sluggish gains.”  Tune in as I join @MarkReardonKMOX this afternoon at 2:20 CT on @KMOX. Tune in live here:  It’s a sad day for Greene County and our state. Deputy Aaron Roberts served the people of Greene County faithfully. Sending my prayers and deepest condolences to Deputy Roberts’ family and the @GreeneCountySO Farm technologies discussed at annual Delta Center Field Day  Congratulations to Hannibal Fire Chief Mike Benjamin  Our economy is continuing its record-setting streak of job gains   #JobsReportpic.twitter.com/jkmb2tcfA6 Red looks good on you, Kansas City.  #RedFridaypic.twitter.com/cQJxoMINn1 Judge Kavanaugh’s record of 300 opinions demonstrates his commitment to interpreting the law as it is written. Judge Kavanaugh is clearly the best choice to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy, and I look forward to voting for his confirmation:   #KavanaughHearing Rule number one for a Supreme Court nominee: Always keep your pocket Constitution handy. #ConfirmKavanaugh #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/ysfsHxAaPN Free Mental Health Trainings Offered for the Public  pic.twitter.com/DcDusFYl8d Congratulations to Major General Donna Martin, who was recently promoted and took command of @FortLeonardWood  September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. I’m proud the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access & Research (STAR) Act received a funding increase in the FY19 Labor/HHS bill. STAR Act expands childhood cancer research & works to enhance quality of life for survivorspic.twitter.com/k897AlzmJ6 Tune in as I join @McGrawMilhaven & @kells_jackson on The McGraw Show at 7:35 am CT. Listen live here:  Throughout his time on the bench, Judge Kavanaugh has a demonstrated record of interpreting the law as it is written, not as he thinks it should be written. I look forward to voting for his confirmation.pic.twitter.com/eiwen1AN7r Today I spoke with executives from Facebook & Twitter to discuss their efforts to combat foreign influence operations on their platforms. Watch the discussion here  pic.twitter.com/zzTrHTj5Yx "More than 110,000 people in Missouri are living with #ALZ, & more than 314,000 family members & friends serve as their caregivers. As the full-time caregiver for my mom living with Alzheimer’s, I know firsthand how stressful this job can be."   #EndALZ Thank you, Dr. Esper. Enjoy working together on issues important to @FortLeonardWood, Lake City Army Ammunition Plant & other #MO priorities. … From @KFVSNews: Warriors to the Wall event moves many honoring veterans at Perryville, MO wall  These stories underscore why it’s critical, now more than ever, that we prioritize resources for opioid treatment, prevention, & recovery programs.  Thank you to Hannibal Fire Department Chief Sean Hampton for your service to the community & congratulations on your retirement  Yesterday, 370 cyclists rode around the Kansas City metro area to raise money & awareness about mental health.  Apprenticeships prepare workers to succeed in the workforce.  pic.twitter.com/A3UJw6AySB .@wsj: Democrats are also griping that Chairman @ChuckGrassley isn’t seeking all of the documents from Mr. Kavanaugh’s years as staff secretary to Mr. Bush. But nearly all of these are irrelevant to how Judge Kavanugh would rule on the High Court. #SCOTUS … We have a lot to be excited about when it comes to Southeast's #cybersecurity program! See out latest announcements at  …pic.twitter.com/HnyNKtr0Uw As a new addition to our National Park System, I hope even more Americans will take the opportunity to visit Ste. Genevieve and experience the rich history that defines Missouri’s oldest town.   @MidwestNPS Generations of Ste. Genevieve residents have worked painstakingly to preserve & share this unique part of our nation’s French colonial history. Thanks to their efforts, Ste. Genevieve will now be a part of our National Park System. Proud to be at today’s signing ceremony.pic.twitter.com/RmcO9zTIya The world price of grain is the market prices less what it costs to get it there. The better the transportation network, the more competitive every #MO industry will be, especially manufacturing & agriculture  Appreciated the opportunity to hear more about the incredible work Down Home Women’s Center in Wayne County is doing to support women in the community when they need it most.pic.twitter.com/X3ggD6RknC Boeing gets new contract to build unmanned refuelers in St. Louis   Proud of the men and women who designed this aircraft, the latest addition to the #STL region’s deeply-rooted aviation history. via @stltoday #STL Transportation matters, and it’s even more important to us than most states. Location can be, and should be, #MO’s greatest competitive advantage. That’s why I’ll be voting for Prop D:  Special Event at Art Museum to Bring Awareness to Mental Health  pic.twitter.com/jx8FWqGEb0 Festus Fire Department makes girl battling cancer 'honorary chief' for a day  pic.twitter.com/Vy12U3YQXW Welcoming the @Honorflightoz to the WWII Memorial was a highlight of my week. I’ll always be grateful for the sacrifices these heroes made to defend our freedoms.pic.twitter.com/1C7D26xyaU Having access to broadband is as important as the telephone was to jobs and education 70 years ago. I’ll continue working to get broadband to every corner of our state:  Great to be at the 57th Annual Fisher Delta Research Center Field Day. Had a good discussion about trade, transportation, & expanding rural broadband   @MUResearchCtrpic.twitter.com/kZPAfnUZmn Boeing took an innovative approach in designing the MQ-25, an unmanned tanker aircraft w/cutting-edge technology & unmatched capabilities. Proud to see the #STL area continue leading innovation in our nation’s defense aviation industry:  Many thanks to Dr. David and Linda Brown, and members of the community, who have worked hard to make Eden Village a reality. And, congratulations to all the future residents. … As co-chair of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption, I’m proud to announce new legislation to make sure we have the right policies and programs in place to support intercountry adoption:  A local man is back from his 30th tour to help fight wildfires. #KSN16 … Florissant restaurant owner passionate about barbecue and helping others  pic.twitter.com/huJWQss1jN Making sure every farmer, student, and business in rural Missouri has access to high-speed internet is a top priority:  Look forward to joining the @anniefreyshow on @971FMTalk this afternoon at 1:30 pm CT. Listen live here:  Tune in as I join Faune Riggin this morning on @960KZIM at 8:30 am CT. Listen live here:  Today, the Senate confirmed John Jordan to serve as U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of #MO. Mr. Jordan, the longest-serving sheriff in Cape Girardeau County history, will be a great asset to the U.S. Marshals Service:  About half of rural Missourians don’t have access to high-speed internet. Today, the FCC announced it will invest nearly $255 million to expand broadband in rural #MO:  It will be a long time before anybody like John McCain comes along again. We will miss him.pic.twitter.com/O3mniAnbCR Stay up to date on my work to help Missourians   From @FOX4KC: Lost WWII photo found at Lee’s Summit estate sale returned to veteran’s family  Last week the Senate approved the FY19 Labor HHS funding bill to Support students from early childhood through college Advance groundbreaking medical research  Grow a 21st century workforce  Improve rural health Tune in as I join @PeteMundo on @kcmotalkradio at 7:35 am CT. Listen live here:  This week Mabel Fischer, a native of the Guthrie area, celebrates her 100th birthday party. Happy birthday, Mabel  Mid-Missouri soldier/physician inspired WWII-era comic strip #jcmo #MidMo  pic.twitter.com/4VbgjJx0Jd When Ethan Hatfield, who served four years in the @USMC, underwent surgery to remove a brain tumor, the Joplin community came together to support the young veteran  Every 65 seconds, someone in the U.S. develops #ALZ. On Saturday, Missourians walked to raise awareness and fight to #endALZ  Our thanks to you @RoyBlunt for making Alzheimer's a priority in FY19 with a historic $425 million funding increase for Alzheimer's and dementia research at the @NIH! We appreciate your continued leadership! #ENDALZpic.twitter.com/Yw2O8jOyut As I served with John McCain he became one of my heroes. We didn’t  always agree but he was always motivated to do what he thought was the  right thing. Look forward to joining the @tombradleyshow at 7:30 am CT. Listen live here:  Breaking News from Washington: Senate passes $425 million increase for Alzheimer’s and dementia research funding at the @NIH. House to act in coming months. Thank you Congress for renewing your commitment to #ENDALZ  pic.twitter.com/LR9hDL4Acd Thanks @RoyBlunt & @PattyMurray for your leadership in passing the Senate FY19 Labor-HHS bill to fund #EarlyEd programs! (1/2) The Senate just passed the FY 2019 Labor-HHS bill, including a $2B increase for #NIH. Thank you to @RoyBlunt and @PattyMurray for supporting this bipartisan bill with robust support for biomedical research. Read Ad Hoc's statement here:  … … #FundNIHpic.twitter.com/oZIhJwEs4m The time to prioritize support for research to find a treatment and cure is now, and the Labor/HHS funding bill does just that.  Alzheimer’s disease costs taxpayers over $21 million every hour, and without a treatment or cure, the cost of treating those with Alzheimer’s disease is expected to quadruple to $1.1 trillion by 2050. The opioid crisis continues to take a toll on our communities. To help states combat this epidemic, the Labor/HHS bill includes $3.7 billion for treatment, prevention, and recovery programs.pic.twitter.com/dTEbnp5ZVS Just in: The Senate-passed Labor/HHS bill increases resources for medical research, helps states combat the opioid epidemic, and supports students at every point in their academic career:  pic.twitter.com/ssQBX0CJ6a I’m proud to announce that the Labor/HHS funding bill includes the fourth consecutive increase for @NIH, laying the foundation for medical breakthroughs that will save lives and lower health care costs over the long term.pic.twitter.com/Y8ZWoWNbVe From @FultonSun: @WilliamWoodsU offering benefits with military partnership  “The number of Americans filing applications for new unemployment benefits fell last week for the third straight week, continuing to hover near historic lows.”  JOB FAIR TODAY in #SGF with dozens of companies around the Ozarks. Details here:  Look forward to joining @bblovesbooks on KWTO Morningline today at 7:30 CT. Tune in live here:  The Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies funding bill prioritizes resources for medical research, helps states combat the opioid epidemic, & provides funding for education programs for students at every academic level:  pic.twitter.com/UF8SuF4e9w A must-read for today  Veteran connects with family of fallen soldier after finding KIA bracelet  Truck wraps at CFI honor military and women! … The opioid crisis has touched virtually every American. This is why addressing this epidemic continues to be a priority in the Labor/HHS approps bill.pic.twitter.com/pK2ljnIrLY From @41ActionNews: Northland preschool tailored to special needs children breaks ground on expansion  While on a ride along, I witnessed firsthand how police officers can use this technology to help people with mental health issues. I’m glad to see this tool will be available to more officers.  Thanks to @BurrellCenter for funding an expansion of this program-putting a tablet in the hands of every @SGFPolice CIT trained officer in patrol! … Sterling and Dorothy Craig from Callaway County are celebrating two big milestones: their 75th anniversary and his 100th birthday. Congratulations and happy birthday  The EPA’s Affordable Clean Energy rule, which was announced today, prioritizes an all-of-the-above energy policy that will benefit Missouri families and promote U.S. competitiveness:  Mark the calendar: Veterans Appreciation Day is this Sunday at Memorial Park in #JeffCity  Just now, @RoyBlunt spoke on the senate appropriations bill which would boost #Alzheimers funding by $425M in 2019. #Alz is the only leading cause of death without a treatment, cure or means of prevention. We need more #Alz champions to accelerate a cure for all! #StopAlzpic.twitter.com/Sho3kX85y9 This week the Senate will consider FY2019 Labor/HHS approps bill. Here’s what you need to know about how it’ll help families, students, and workers  pic.twitter.com/FOKXgMdruR Now that’s a good headline  Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! It’s a Good Time to Find Work in America  As the lead plaintiff in Brown v. Board of Education, Rev. Oliver Brown played an integral role in the desegregation of schools. Happy 100th birthday, Rev. Brown, and thank you for your brave fight to forever change the American educational system.  Joshua Hummer, a Boy Scout from Savannah, raised over $3,700 for Andrew County Sheriff’s Department K-9 unit for his Eagle Scout project.  #STL ranks in the top 10 cities for young entrepreneurs  Missouri veteran Bernard Heet shares his experiences as a sailor during WWII  Met w/ community leaders from Lafayette County on Sunday to give an update on my work in the Senate, discussing upcoming confirmation hearing for #SCOTUS nominee Judge Kavanaugh & how we’re rolling back burdensome regulations. Thank you County Clerk Linda Niendick for hosting.pic.twitter.com/cnY5SmOY4E .@Forbes names @StateTechMO as the nation’s #3 two-year trade school  Over the weekend, I stopped into Ozark Center’s Hope Spring to see how the new clinic is serving the community. I was really pleased to see how they’re expanding and leading the country in treating mental health like all other health.  The iconic Melba Theatre, built in 1938 in Houston, was restored and is once again putting on local productions. And no trip to a theatre is complete without candy pic.twitter.com/Bl1Q78QWc1 Stopped at South Central Manufacturing in Summersville - they first opened their doors in 1994. Thanks for the tour & update on the recent expansion.pic.twitter.com/rZ3VdRFrPa It was an honor to receive a certificate of appreciation from Alton R-IV Superintendent Eric Allen and Oregon County Presiding Commissioner Patrick Ledgerwood. Look forward to continuing our partnership in ensuring rural schools get the resources they need for students to succeedpic.twitter.com/4LluBoTpxZ Next stop, Hirsch Feed & Farm Supply in Oregon County. Larry Hirsch and his employees are working hard to ensure #Missouri farmers have what they need to feed the world. They produce an estimated 60,000 tons of feed each year.pic.twitter.com/fRieCoLeNd Started my morning touring Faith Community Health in Branson. Faith Community Health provides affordable health care services for the underserved. Thank you for showing me the center & for all the work you do, it makes a real impact on the community.pic.twitter.com/ZK5dBTcFJZ I’m very proud that Missouri is leading the country in changing the way behavioral health is treated. The Ozark Center’s Hope Spring is an example of innovative care by putting all health services under one roof. Thank you for providing critical care to Missourians.pic.twitter.com/SK3yRUqzdI Took a step back in time today visiting Poplar Heights Farm in Bates County. Poplar Heights has been painstakingly restored to the 1890s when it was first built. Today it serves as an important tool to teach students about 19th century farm life in Missouri.pic.twitter.com/9295D6eD0G From @DailySignal: 100 Manufacturers Have Boosted Hiring, Expanded, or Given Raises, Bonuses Thanks to #TaxReform  The 7-63rd explosive ordinance detachment from @FortLeonardWood returned home this week after an overseas deployment. Welcome home  The FY2019 defense funding bill includes investments important to Whiteman Air Force Base, Rosecrans Air National Guard Base, Fort Leonard Wood, and Missouri National Guard Units, along with F/A-18 Super Hornets, which are manufactured in #STL  Roughly 50 percent of rural Missourians lack access to high-speed internet. Today, I questioned FCC Commissioners on their efforts to expand rural broadband and end the digital divide. Watch the questioning here    "I just love him." The parents of CPT Jim Trautt enjoy an emotional visit with their son in Kuwait. @Missouri_NG | #CardsForTroopspic.twitter.com/pRrZuVYmRD 8 year old Brecken Simmons raised $3,494 from his lemonade stand for the Blue Springs Police Dept. To say thanks, Blue Springs officers gave Brecken a ride on the first day of school he’ll never forget:  Senate Republicans have made strong progress in confirming judicial nominees. To date:pic.twitter.com/ETMToegqMa Cheryl Price, a former VA nurse, has been an advocate for decades. Ensuring public transportation accommodates those with disabilities & veterans is just one of her important efforts. Cheryl was honored this week for her volunteer service.  The FY2019 defense funding bill helps ensure our service members have the training, equipment, and support they need to carry out their missions   Goals  Shea and Kami Groom, sisters from Liberty, Missouri, both made @espnW’s Top 10 Plays of the Week  Hey #KansasCity, guess what! It's #816Day!  Show your love for #KC by retweeting these iconic images of this great city! Reply with what you love most about the #CityofFountainspic.twitter.com/UDHsTC9e8V Congratulations Fair Play Police Chief Ed Morrison on your retirement. Chief Morrison has faithfully served the people of Fair Play for almost 20 years.  Republicans are cutting burdensome, unnecessary regulations at a record pace   On August 15, 1972, Southwest Missouri State University became the new name for the former Missouri Normal Number 4.  It would retain that moniker for 33 years until it became @MissouriState in 2005.  #GoMaroonpic.twitter.com/GQlfbOgXcp David Stoecker has turned his own struggle with addiction into a mission to help more Missourians access treatment and recovery services. Last week, he was honored with the Peer Leadership award. Congratulations, David  Ryan Niederschulte earned the rank of Eagle Scout when he was only 13. Since then, he’s earned all 137 merit badges. Read more about this impressive young man here:  .@Mizzou researchers are making important discoveries in how we treat cancer more effectively  "Great to have the military out at #ChiefsCamp." - Andy Reidpic.twitter.com/pqAciIuVLp  @NFIB Small Business Optimism Index Nears Survey High in July    From @KMBC: New Kansas City-area addiction program works to help mothers and newborns  Congratulations to the 9 Nichols Career Center students who competed in the SkillsUSA National Championships in various skilled trades - 2 of the students even won 1st place in their categories  #TaxReform works  "The typical American household will benefit from more than $26,000 in increased take-home pay between 2018 and 2027. The average family of four can expect over $44,000 of increased take-home pay."  About last night...  We recorded our 10th walk-off W of 2018, 7th walk-off via HR! We are nine games over .500, our highest mark of the season! We won our 6th straight game, our season-high win streak!  pic.twitter.com/NBtIzimOow Barnes-Jewish hospital ranked #11 on America's Best Hospitals list  pic.twitter.com/lEjoGABRZw Nearly 90,000 pages of documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the White House have been released  From @Fox4KC: #KCMO police teach kids bike safety as Blue Hills community bands together    @POTUS signs #FY19NDAA into law - giving troops the largest pay increase in nearly a decadepic.twitter.com/gjvcEaUb6Z Mid-Missouri Hospitals to Launch Pilot Program to Help Opioid Addicts  pic.twitter.com/Nm5e7BSj0o The medical professionals and staff who work in health centers make a real difference in the lives of their patients & the communities they serve. Thank you for your commitment to providing care. #NHCW18pic.twitter.com/ThW0vZz7kG Via @stltoday: St. Louis-made app SirenGPS helps first responders in emergencies  Today marks the 157th Anniversary of the Battle of Wilson’s Creek. Appreciate @NatlParkService’s great work to preserve and commemorate this National Battlefield, located in Republic #MO  #OTD 197 years ago, Missouri became the 24th state to join the Union.pic.twitter.com/5Yd7739Xj5 Party and Parade Kicks off Birthplace of Route 66 Festival Today  pic.twitter.com/UF42hEQ3QB From @KQ2: Unclaimed Purple Heart belongs to man with last known address in #StJoeMo  Here’s what #taxreform means for employees at #STL-based Emerson Electric  pic.twitter.com/bsTF9Z5ORp .@WOWAquarium hit the road to visit Monett   @MOStateFair opens its door today for the 117th annual fair  “The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.” – Vince Lombardi #FallCamp18 #MSSU #CountdownToKickoff pic.twitter.com/81ubcshSK9  …  Last week, the Advanced Airlift Tactics Training Center hosted the 5th annual MAF Data Link User Group conference. Air mobility tacticians from all over the country are brought together in order to innovate and improve data link communications. On your trip through the Wildlife Galleries, you’ll get to experience the adventures of Lewis and Clark as you explore nearly 100 paintings from artist Charles Fritz, depicting the epic westward journey of the Corps of Discovery.pic.twitter.com/WHRS82KhV9 The unemployment rate “slipped below 4% again, to 3.9%, as more people found work.The jobless rate is at a nearly two-decade low.”  Wages are on the rise.  Average hourly earnings rose to $27.05/hour. #JobsReportpic.twitter.com/79AZk3jUBf Since 1941, a member of the Griffin family has served in the @SLMPD  Today marks #PurpleHeartDay. We honor our heroes and thank them for their service and sacrifice to our country.pic.twitter.com/B8p57LTZYO Still #1 for dorm living. We're also among the top schools for financial aid, libraries and the best college food in America. See where else #WashU makes the list in this year's Princeton Review rankings.  “U.S. small-business owners are more optimistic now than at any point in the 15-year history of the Wells Fargo/Gallup Small Business Index”  One of our top priorities should be to guarantee that Iran does not have nuclear weapons. The #IranDeal created a path where that could happen. @POTUS’s actions are another step in eliminating that path.  Another solid #JobsReport shows the economy is continuing to get even stronger  pic.twitter.com/J9WRGOwTt9 This week, the Senate worked in a bipartisan manner to pass a funding bill that will provide:   Resources to improve our nation’s water and infrastructure  Investments in housing assistance for vulnerable populations  Support for American agriculture It's a boy! A male Grevy’s zebra foal was born at the Zoo on July 19. Colton weighed 83 pounds at birth. His parents are mother, 15-year-old Tiombe  & father, 9-year-old Dewy. As of this week, visitors can now see the colt & his mother at the Red Rocks area of the Zoo.pic.twitter.com/dVgjF3mnqW Look forward to joining @PeteMundo on @kcmotalkradio at 7:45 am CT. Listen live here:  During a Senate Intel hearing this week, I questioned a panel of third-party social media experts about foreign influence operations and how we can protect against them:  Judge Kavanaugh is the right choice to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.pic.twitter.com/Ga7BlQwBec After serving in Afghanistan as an Army Ranger, Andrew Potter was struggling - until he discovered climbing. Now, he’s opened a climbing gym in North #KCMO  From @KQ2: @Cardinals pitcher motivates local ball player  Look forward to joining @kzrgchad & Sarah Novotny on @1310kzrg Morning Newswatch this morning at 7:40 CT. Listen live here:  Today, I urged the @USDA to ensure the Trade Assistance Package adequately accounts for the needs of Missouri farmers who are facing the worst drought in the state since 2012.  Proud to vote in favor of the Senate-passed FY2019 defense policy bill. This bill provides the resources, equipment, and training necessary to rebuild the military, and includes several Missouri priorities:   #FY19NDAA Southeast MO Boy Receives 'Make-A-Wish' Horse  pic.twitter.com/3fVbJ6ZnlS Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008  #GoMaroon … Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a brilliant legal mind and will uphold the Constitution. I’m proud to support his nomination as the confirmation process moves forward:  Vital advancements through research, like the work being done at @WUSTLMed, are why fighting to #EndALZ is more important than ever. That’s why I’ve worked to triple #ALZ research funding. … Strengthening our overall infrastructure, especially our transportation network, is vital to boosting economic growth, creating jobs, and increasing competitiveness in communities across Missouri:  Classic cars traveling across the U.S. made a stop in Fulton’s Auto World Museum on Monday  Classic cars traveling across the U.S. made a stop in Fulton’s Auto World Museum on Monday  Check out this time-lapse video of North Kansas City’s gateway arch installation   #KCMO The Rules Committee, which I chair, will soon consider election security legislation to help ensure cybersecurity information sharing between federal, state, and local election officials and strengthen post-election auditing. More here:  pic.twitter.com/OtizzD1Gw7 “Since the tax cut, @USDOL reports that worker bonuses have hit the highest level ever recorded.”  8 yr old Brecken Simmons set up a lemonade stand to raise $15 for the Blue Springs Police Dept - he ended up raising $3,300   “SCOTUS Nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh ” … Based on my conversation today w/ Judge Kavanaugh, along w/ his outstanding judicial record & legal background, I believe he is the right choice to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. I look forward to supporting Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination as the confirmation process moves forwardpic.twitter.com/DLuzb2IW2Y Happening now  Meeting with #SCOTUS nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh pic.twitter.com/JR0Bozqd5z Tune in as I join @MarcCox971 on @971FMTalk this morning at 7:20 am CT. Listen live here:  St. Louis students head to Kenya to help children in need  pic.twitter.com/eJ7zyHr3IP Ever since Kevin Keller moved back to the Carthage area in 2013 to help with the full-time care of his mother, he has made it his mission to take the elderly woman on the trip of a lifetime. … Good luck Chad Fowles - the West Platte High School track athlete will be competing in the AAU Junior Olympics  “You can put STEM into every core subject and it makes it more exciting.”   Why I've pushed to increase resources for STEM in @usedgov, providing $65 million in targeted education resources for these valuable educational opportunities.  Southwest Missouri teachers are using innovative technologies to help students learn  From @FultonSun: #STL storyteller returns  Guadalupe Center opens new recreation center for kids, families in #KCMO’s west side   via @fox4kc Breaking  Today’s news that the economy grew at 4.1% in the second quarter is great news for hardworking American families.pic.twitter.com/i9Dw8nzLGg Met with @MissouriFFA students from Keytesville and Skyline High Schools, always happy to chat about the history of the Capitol dome & discuss #MOAg’s bright futurepic.twitter.com/iX6Iox79H9 Here’s what’s happening at the Marion County Fair   Only about 50 percent of rural Missourians have access to broadband. The Ag funding bill makes investments to reduce the digital divide & keep our state’s farmers and ranchers competitive in the global economy  Congratulations Jeremy Rice - the high school senior from #KCMO is one of 3 American teens accepted into the U.S. Naval Sea Cadet Corps exchange program  Children are increasingly using digital devices in their everyday lives, but little is known about the impact technology has on their development. Gaining a better understanding will help parents create a healthy environment for their kids to learn & grow:  Happy birthday to @CityStJoeMO The home of the Pony Express turns the big 1-7-5 today  pic.twitter.com/uJQhMdTfaB There is no question that our nation’s infrastructure is not where it should be. We need to pass the transportation funding bill to improve our infrastructure & support economic growth  #DYK  more than 86,000 service members and civilians are trained at @fortleonardwood Leonard Wood annually, across all services, all components, in 245 different courses and for 26 different technical military occupation specialties!pic.twitter.com/AuLdxOsuNN Today’s opening day for the Ozark Empire Fair  I’m working alongside my Missouri colleagues to ensure access to affordable energy at @FortLeonardWood & surrounding communities  After @RoyBlunt raised concerns about two pending @NTSB nominees awaiting confirmation after fatal Branson incident, the Senate voted to approve the two nominees last night … Since opening its doors in 1998, Joplin Ronald McDonald House has served more than 3,000 families in need  Congrats Webb City 12-and-under Little League All-Stars - they just won their 4th consecutive state title. They’ll go on to represent Missouri at the regional championship next month. Good luck   The newest addition to the @NatlParkService is already attracting some visitors. Hope you enjoyed it, @lisamurkowski and @RoyBlunt. #FindYourPark … .@MODOT is helping to fight human trafficking by educating employees & raising public awareness   Sanborn Field celebrates 130 years of groundbreaking agricultural research & contributions to the #MOAg community. Learn more about its history here  The Negro National League, which included the #KC Monarchs and #STL Stars, was established in 1920 during a meeting of team owners at the Paseo YMCA in #KCMO.   @nlbmprez I recently spoke on the Senate floor to highlight the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City and its important role in preserving the history of African-American baseball. My colleagues and I are working to ensure access to affordable energy for @FortLeonardWood and the local community:  The Ste. Genevieve community has worked tirelessly to preserve the area's rich history so it can be treasured for generations to come. I was honored to play a role in making the historical park designation a reality.  660 American flags will be on display in Ballwin, Missouri for the next 2 weeks - each flag representing the number of veterans who take their own lives each month.  From @JoplinGlobe: After ‘great anticipation,’ new Joplin senior center opens  Filling the vacancies at the @NTSB is critical to ensuring the agency has the leadership in place to fulfill its mission – investigating accidents and promoting transportation safetypic.twitter.com/WiYuHq5psF Spoke on the Senate floor to honor the 17 victims who lost their lives in last week’s tragic boat accident at Table Rock Lake. I will remain in contact with @NTSB as the investigation continues & do whatever is needed to make sure it never happens again.  pic.twitter.com/LoIGWpRsE4 Sunset Hills military veteran wants to help fellow veterans who are struggling  pic.twitter.com/UBeHKWyyfm 20 years ago today, U.S. Capitol Police Officer Jacob J. Chestnut & Detective John M. Gibson bravely gave their own lives to protect the visitors, staffers, & members inside the Capitol. We pause to reflect on their courage & selflessness.  The new Shelby County Historical Society Museum opened its doors in Shelbina over the weekend. The new museum features a genealogical research center  Proud to back the confirmation of Robert Wilkie for VA Secretary. His leadership will be instrumental as we continue our efforts to improve the VA and ensure we’re keeping our promises to those who have served. My full statement:  Congratulations to #WashUMed’s Thomas Schindler, associate prof. of radiology, for receiving @SNM_MI’s prestigious Hermann Blumgart Award for Cardiovascular Imaging.   Sweep status. #RaisedRoyalpic.twitter.com/ZcwwjpWucQ Thank you to General Savre & General Martin for giving me an update on how @fortleonardwood prepares our men & women in uniform to protect our country. Enjoyed the opportunity to sit down with soldiers stationed at FLW.pic.twitter.com/BeQpIziCHJ On this day in 1992, Big Sugar Creek State Park joined MoStateParks. Learn more about this park at  .pic.twitter.com/pZD5MDwON2 Stopped into Intermission Cafe in Greenfield this weekend to talk with people in the community about infrastructure, the importance of rural broadband, and other issues vital to Missouripic.twitter.com/w2WAnInlOF My bill to designate Ste. Genevieve as a national historic park was signed into law earlier this year. Learn more about the process to recognize Ste. Genevieve’s unique preservation of our country’s history:  Started my week off in Ste. Genevieve meeting with community leaders & @NatlParkService. Thanks to the community’s dedication to preserving the area’s rich history, Ste. Genevieve is now recognized as a national historic park & designated as a unit of the National Park System.pic.twitter.com/EueVBxoa9Y Stopped by Scoopies Ice Cream in Lamar yesterday afternoon to talk about my work on #FarmBill18 and discuss the latest on WOTUSpic.twitter.com/SRfPReKe1K Congratulations Hickory County Health Department on your new building. We had a productive conversation on rural health care and the vital role broadband plays in helping Missourians get the care they need.pic.twitter.com/EnTvNhH7DV As the proud son of dairy farmers, I know firsthand how hard these men & women work to supply us with fresh dairy. Thanks Gunter’s Dairy Cow Milking Facility for giving me a tour of your operations pic.twitter.com/kxtynRxqtz Based on the findings of the investigation and any new recommendations, I stand ready to pursue whatever action is necessary to keep this from happening again. This is a tragedy that never should have happened. I am closely monitoring the investigation to determine how the Coast Guard and the operator responded to previous NTSB recommendations. I’ll be in Branson within the hour for an update from the Coast Guard and NTSB officials on their investigation at Table Rock Lake. Deeply saddened by the tragedy at Table Rock Lake. My prayers are with the families and friends who lost their loved ones. Thank you to the first responders who are assisting. Initial jobless claims were the lowest in 48+ years last week.  …pic.twitter.com/tC9FfOGXoD Ally Cordell from Sarcoxie competed in the National Archery in the Schools Program All Star Tournament - and earned top overall female. Congratulations, Ally   Apprenticeship grants provide Americans the skills they need to successfully enter or re-enter the workforce. This program started under my Chairmanship and the latest Labor/HHS Appropriations bill includes $160 million - an increase of $15 million … Proud to have worked on legislation to expedite the replacement of the Riverside Bridge, glad to see this project moving forward  Missouri received $10M in opioid state response grant funding last year, and is set to receive $28M this year. Here’s how that funding has made an impact on the opioid epidemic in our statepic.twitter.com/fctpT3OBEh More people die from opioid overdoses than car accidents in this country. Yesterday, I urged my colleagues to support this year’s Labor/HHS appropriations bill, which includes key resources to help states and communities fight this epidemicpic.twitter.com/QRxLWpIey0 Today, industry leaders and small business representatives will come to the White House to sign a Pledge to America’s Workers, marking their commitment to workforce training and development.pic.twitter.com/sgemj5aY95 Big news from @USDOL report released today  pic.twitter.com/b8NHkivP6Y Yadi and the Cardinals #StandUpToCancer pic.twitter.com/jgRwfndY1L Medal of Honor recipients Col. Roger Donlon and Col. Donald Ballard, both from the #KC area, were recognized at the MLB All-Star game yesterday  Thank you to @NLBMPrez Bob Kendrick, Board Chairman Stewart Myers & Vice-Chairman Adam Sachs for your commitment to keeping the history & legacy of the Negro Leagues alivepic.twitter.com/86qRXpXVO9 Honored to speak w/ baseball legends Jim Robinson & Pedro Sierra at the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum event celebrating the history of the Negro Leagues. Jim was captain of the Kansas City Monarchs and Pedro played for the Detroit Stars.pic.twitter.com/pMZSoLdkUi The economy is strong  Americans are keeping more of their hard-earned paycheck  Unemployment is at an 18 year low  #Smallbiz confidence is at record high  Don’t forget The Birthplace of Route 66 Festival is coming up next month  Bring the World Cup to the #HeartOfItAll … That face you make when someone asks who leads National League catchers in home runs...  #HRDerbypic.twitter.com/EdTb9bYiod Our economy is looking strong  … We have to be alert and vigilant when it comes to protecting against election interference. As chairman of the Senate Rules Committee, I’ll continue looking at what needs to be done to strengthen our election security:  pic.twitter.com/IZyOWTo6Ak Sonya and Pastor Robert Johnson’s story is why I’ve led the fight to increase resources to cure & #EndALZ  The Long Goodbye: When Those With Alzheimer's Need Guardianship  pic.twitter.com/6z4MFFEhCU After years of a stagnant economy, Americans are seeing jobs, opportunity, and confidence on the rise.  Look forward to joining @McGrawMilhaven & @kells_jackson on The McGraw Show at 7:05 am CT. Listen live here:  From @KCTV5: Young officer diagnosed with ALS has special night at Kauffman  #TaxReform is working  Strong retail sales report suggests robust economic growth in the second quarter  Every day, more than 115 people across the country die after overdosing on opioids. It's vital we get the Labor/HHS funding bill, which provides resources to combat this nationwide epidemic, to the president's desk.pic.twitter.com/SeHVIiN0S8 Tomorrow night is the night when an iconic KCMO neon sign is back! The @WesternAutoLoft sign will be lit at 8:45pm!  credit to @FXHexpic.twitter.com/EcodwrlcJj Economists surveyed by @WSJ think the U.S. unemployment rate is on track to hit a 50-year low  Stories like these are why increasing resources to treat & cure #ALZ is vital  Kids in Motion got to see what it’s like to be a Hannibal firefighter and learned about fire safety  Tune in as I join the Morning Meeting with Simon Rose & @reneehulshof at 9:40 am CT. Listen live here:  Congratulations, Robyn Frame  @MOEducation has named Robyn, a kindergarten teacher, as a Regional Teacher of the Year  At #Mizzou, we prepare champions for life  #MIZ #ShowMe pic.twitter.com/A621R37cqc Have you seen Paul Whitehill’s tile art along Route 66?   Happening today: Veterans Job Fair in #STL at Chaifetz Arena  Judge Kavanaugh’s academic background, professional experience, and record on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals make him well qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. I look forward to talking with him about his judicial philosophy.  Look forward to joining the @KICKMorningShow with Steve Largent at 7:20 am CT. Tune in live here:   Congratulations to @OzarkNPS Rangers Joshua Gibbs, Lindel Gregory, Patrick Jackson, and Daniel Newberry - they were honored with Valor Awards from @Interior for their heroic search-and-rescue missions during the April 2017 flood in Van Buren.pic.twitter.com/guZwKPQIHy Today, the Rules Committee held our second hearing on election security. Appreciated hearing from Scott Leiendecker, CEO of St. Louis-based KNOWiNK, about the steps his company is taking to secure our election infrastructure.pic.twitter.com/G4iTfSi8kW #Smallbiz is on a roll because of #taxreform  Congratulations, Ashley  … July 11, 1968: Groundbreaking Day.  Royals founder, Ewing Kauffman, and @Chiefs founder, Lamar Hunt, dig in to begin the sports complex project. #Royals50pic.twitter.com/Ifqm1deBNn From @WSJ: Now, many manufacturing employees are finding renewed opportunities in the sector.  Here’s the latest on the restoration of Joplin’s historic houses  Big news: #SGFCards catcher @A_Knizner has been selected to represent the U.S. Team in the 2018 MLB Futures Game!pic.twitter.com/THC21O2y0Y Must watch  Pevely Police Department lip sync video goes viral  Looking forward to meeting the hardworking men and women of Kansas City today & talking @POTUS' tax cuts. Our tax cuts are already growing the economy and putting more money in the pockets of working families. Read my op-ed in the @KCStar: … More signs of a thriving economy:  What’s happened since #TaxCutsAndJobsAct became law?   Consumer confidence is on the rise   #Smallbiz optimism is at record highs  Unemployment is at 18 yr low  Utility companies are lowering rates Drug overdose deaths outnumber motor vehicle deaths in the majority of U.S. states, including our own. That’s why the Senate is continuing our work to ensure states have the resources they need to take on the opioid epidemic:pic.twitter.com/xCCAk2AUBZ WATCH : Rules Committee hearing on election security preparations  Sen. @RoyBlunt on Kavanaugh nomination: “Judge Kavanaugh is a highly-qualified nominee with an outstanding legal background. I look forward to learning more about his judicial record and talking with him about his judicial philosophy as the confirmation process moves forward.”pic.twitter.com/2cBiHu7lrN Instead of watching Netflix, KC kids dust for fingerprints at police academy … I recently visited 10 cities in MO to meet w/ workers & #smallbiz owners to see how #TaxCutsAndJobsAct was affecting them. Thanks to #taxreform, Missourians are keeping more of their paychecks & enjoying greater job security - just to name a few benefits  pic.twitter.com/lfxIOa6y8Q A must-read for your Tuesday from @KCTV5  A promise kept: Rescued girl becomes police officer  Community Blood Center of the Ozarks currently accepting donations from all blood types  History in the making last night as @POTUS nominated Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court of the United States. #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/tGag0Xwjz1 2018 has been a big year for @SenateGOP:   Confirming historic number of circuit court judges  Ensuring quality care for veterans w/ #VAMissionAct Rolling back unnecessary regulations  Fighting opioid crisis  And we're just getting started More innovative research coming out of @WUSTL … American service members who were exposed to Agent Orange suffer the same health consequences regardless of where they served, and they deserve the same benefits. More here:  Look forward to joining @MarcCox971 on @971FMTalk this morning at 7:20 am CT. Tune in live here:  My statement on @POTUS's #SCOTUSPick, Judge Brett Kavanaugh pic.twitter.com/Ntujw3h2ZT We had kid helpers all around the stadium today for Kids Run The Show! pic.twitter.com/7fmBkurwU8 MDA Camp is helping kids with Muscular Dystrophy be kids  Happy 130th anniversary to the Neosho National Fish Hatchery - one of the oldest fish hatcheries in the country. This spring, I visited the hatchery with my son Charlie, it’s always nice to see the great work the hatchery is doing    Good news to light up your Monday  Ameren customers in Missouri will see their electric rates decrease 6% thanks to #TaxReform  #StJoeMO community banded together to help 97-year-old WWII @USMC veteran Earl Hammer travel to Washington this fall as part of an Honor Flight  Association health plans have a track record of success in Missouri. @USDOL’s recent action to expand them nationwide is a great news for #smallbiz:  Great news today - more jobs being created and more Americans getting back in to the workforce. … Between 2010 and 2017, the number of #smallbiz employers offering health coverage dropped by 25%. Here’s how association health plans will help provide more options:  .@ALZAssociation estimates 110,000 Missourians are living with #ALZ. This is why I’ve prioritized increasing resources for Alzheimer’s research to find new treatments and a cure to #EndALZ  Cuivre River Electric helps garner USDA loan for two new agencies to serve people with disabilities   A #KCMO veteran is on a mission: He has run nearly every day for a year while carrying the American flag  Welcome home & thank you for your service … Happy 150th birthday, Seneca, MO  Ameren customers in Missouri will see a 6%+ cut in electric rates thanks to #taxreform  Here’s how association health plans will help provide more affordable health care coverage for #smallbiz employees & sole proprietors  Introducing...Princess Buttercup! The female mongoose lemur baby was born at the Zoo on March 19. Watch this video of her growing up & see the extra care given to her by the animal care staff.  pic.twitter.com/fPyvdoH7rV My op-ed in @RollCall: Small businesses win big with new health care options  From @KSDKNews: Military moms help those whose children can’t be there for the holidays  Today we celebrate the birth of our nation and the values we hold dear as Americans – and we honor the men and women in uniform who preserve and protect our freedom. Happy Fourth of July pic.twitter.com/Ng04p8B2DF Five years in the making, the Museum at the @GatewayArchSTL is officially open pic.twitter.com/UQZeIUxasu An important reminder  Local veterans with PTSD ask for courtesy with fireworks on Fourth of July  Simpler, fairer taxes delivered   “A competitive, energetic innovation economy”: GlobalSTL summit connects startups, investors, and providers to raise awareness about #STL's role as a hub for health care innovation.  Congratulations, Logan and Libby  … From @KSDKNews: New exhibit in St. Louis County honors Tuskegee Airmen  Getting ready to go up to the top of @GatewayArchSTL with @GovParsonMO, @RepAnnWagner – and ran into today’s master of ceremonies, @STLWizard Ozzie Smithpic.twitter.com/JuH0nwjocv Glad to welcome @SecretaryZinke to #STL to celebrate the @GatewayArchSTL National Parkpic.twitter.com/bTwO8p3TWr Chatting with @NatlParkService rangers at the Museum at the @GatewayArchSTL grand openingpic.twitter.com/ghWs2oNAkd Louisiana, Missouri is turning the big 2-0-0  happy birthday, Louisiana  Our state is home to nearly 100,000 farms and 400,000 #MOAg workers. Here’s how the #FarmBill18 would strengthen their ability to grow, innovate, and compete in a global economy:  #FarmBill18 invests in rural America to expand high-speed broadband  .@Whiteman_AFB, Rosecrans, @FortLeonardWood & @Missouri_NG units play a critical role in protecting our country - I’m glad to see FY2019 Defense Appropriations bill continues to invest in their missions.  This year’s defense funding bill includes several critical investments for Missouri military units:  BREAKING: Appropriations Committee approves FY2019 Labor/HHS approps bill. Here’s how it’ll benefit families and our economy:  pic.twitter.com/FYf73AWKKC Today, the Appropriations Committee passed a defense funding bill that includes the largest military pay raise in nearly a decade, and prioritizes resources for equipment and training to ensure our troops have every possible advantage on the battlefield.  I spoke on the Senate floor to urge support for #FarmBill18. By ensuring access to risk management tools, expanding rural broadband & improving infrastructure, this bill helps ensure #MOAg will continue to lead the way in an increasingly global economy.  From @41ActionNews:Urban Ranger Corps students spend summer break helping homeless veterans  Happy 1st birthday, Ellie Schneider - read her incredible story here:  The new mural on Main Street in Monett is complete - check it out  Big news from @RoyBlunt for students and campus-based student aid! … This week, the Senate passed an Energy & Water Approps bill to  Provide resources for @USACEHQ to support vital flood control  Modernize locks and dams Invest in Missouri infrastructure projects  Thanks ⁦@RoyBlunt⁩ for being a champion for children’s health. Together let’s #GoBig and make our kids’ health care a national priority! #SpeakNowforKidspic.twitter.com/qrB8VoAMpF I’m grateful for Justice Kennedy’s 4 decades of service as a federal judge. His wide-ranging knowledge & interests, along w/ his commitment to family, are likely to make for a great next chapter after leaving the court. I appreciate his friendship & wish him & Mrs. Kennedy well. Thanks @RoyBlunt and @PattyMurray for taking a #Stand4Service to protect @AmeriCorps & @SeniorCorps funding. We’re counting on you and the entire Senate Approps Committee to increase funding for all @NationalService programs in FY19. #Stand4Servicepic.twitter.com/EFIMtbhFJd We would like to express our profound appreciation to Chairman @RoyBlunt for his exemplary commitment to medical research. Chairman Blunt set a goal for returning the NIH to a path of budgetary growth, and this proposed increase is a result of his leadership and vision. Senate-passed Military Construction & Veterans Affairs funding bill  Includes funding for @NextNGAWest construction  Ensures veterans have access to timely, quality health care  Helps service members transition from military to VA system  I’m glad to see the first appropriations bills on the floor this year reflected two of the biggest priorities we have in #Missouri: keeping our promises to veterans & strengthening our infrastructure  Today, the U.S. Senate begins consideration of the bipartisan #FarmBill18 to give farmers and ranchers certainty and predictability they deserve. Watch live on C-SPAN 2.pic.twitter.com/4OH7n8N5AQ Today, the subcommittee I chair approved a bill w/ several MO priorities included:    Improving rural health care    Fighting the opioid crisis   Supporting students at all stages of their academic careers   Building a 21st Century workforce  Here’s how the Labor/HHS Appropriations bill supports @NIH’s innovative research, which will save lives and lower costs over the long term:  Glad to see @BurrellCenter is expanding & adding 6 new neurological therapy clinicians. Burrell’s innovative work in providing #mentalhealth services makes a big differences in the lives of many Missourians.  Every Missourian will benefit from the programs funded in this year’s Labor/HHS funding bill. Here’s how:  The Labor/HHS Appropriations bill includes:  $2.34 billion for research to treat & #endALZ $429.4 million for BRAIN Initiative $6.15 billion for cancer research Click here to read more:  Support for @NIH from Senators @RoyBlunt and @PattyMurray ensures continued momentum in biomedical research. Thank you. #keepNIHstrong … That summer enrollment record probably doesn't happen without the return of year-round Pell Grants. Thank you to Senator @RoyBlunt for leading that important initiative for students. #HigherEdMatterspic.twitter.com/MjlcY1oiqb Thank you @RoyBlunt for prioritizing Alzheimer’s and related dementia research funding in the FY2019 Labor-HHS Appropriations bill - Your commitment to #ENDALZ will help us to realize our vision of a world without Alzheimer’s.pic.twitter.com/Pm4uRRG0Fy A story to smile about@ATSU_news dental school & @WeAreNMHC teamed up to provide dentures for 12 local veterans. I’m proud to champion community health centers that provide services like this, that's why FY19 approps bill provides $1.63 bil for CHCs  This is why I’m supporting #FarmBill18  Learn more:  pic.twitter.com/15CWZpQwV1 FY2019 Labor/HHS Appropriations bill provides flexible funding for states to tackle the opioid crisis with programs that best fit their needs  Here are some of the ways FY19 Labor/HHS Approps bill is fighting opioid epidemic:  $1.5 billion for State Opioid Response Grants $200 million for Community Health Centers to support behavioral/mental health $120 million focused on rural communities  BREAKING: FY2019 @HHSgov Appropriations bill includes $3.7 billion to fight our country’s opioid crisis  Just in  @NIH receives 4th consecutive increase for life-saving medical research in FY2019 Labor/HHS Appropriations bill  LIVE: Markup of FY2019 Labor/HHS/Education Appropriations bill   This morning @ 11: I’ll chair a markup of the FY2019 appropriations bill that funds the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education. You can listen here:   Tune in as I join @McGrawMilhaven & @kells_jackson on The McGraw Show at 7:35 am CT. Listen live here:  The Hannibal Public School’s #STEM camp is inspiring students to think outside the box when it comes to their future  For an affordable family road trip this summer, Wallethub says Missouri is one of your best bets:  Check out this video featuring artist Sedrick Huckaby on what it was like teaching the President to paint. You can view George W. Bush's #PortraitsofCourage at Wonders of Wildlife through July 5:  pic.twitter.com/LZg58Njjvc 20 Missouri veterans were honored this weekend with a Quilt of Valor. The @QOVFoundation creates handmade quilts for service members and veterans  Liberty-based @WarriorsBFriend rescues dogs from local shelters & trains them to be service dogs for veterans  City of Ozark Honors Teen After Successful Cancer Treatment  pic.twitter.com/uTtuWH3dx1 We need to promote job skills and training that fit the jobs of the future. Apprenticeships prepare workers for in-demand, good-paying jobs, and give employers the tools they need to develop the workforce.  View my remarks from the Senate floor here  8 year old Jewell Magee from Benton, who was born blind, will soon be able to see for the first time with the help of her community  6 months after passing #taxreform, small business optimism is at a record high and unemployment is at an 18-year lowpic.twitter.com/U2wlim2bmT Nationwide, there are now more job openings than people looking for work and over 1 million jobs have been created in the last six months. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is delivering positive results for Missouri families and businesses  Tomorrow will mark six-months since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law, and it’s clear there is more confidence in our economy than there has been in years  pic.twitter.com/yW32lw2IRi Honoring our commitment to our nation’s veterans starts with making sure they receive the care and benefits they’ve earned. The #VAMissionAct does exactly that:   via @dailyjournalmo The “KC Superman” ran laps around Children’s Mercy Park during the ceremony to support the police and the city, he said. “KC Superman” is 66-year-old Michael Wheeler and was not here in connection with the Comic Con group.pic.twitter.com/CQURYzgNjd #Missouri received $537 million in #NIH funded research support in FY2017:   #NIHinYourStatepic.twitter.com/lH4ortfL8U #NIH is proud to launch the trans-NIH multi-year #INCLUDEproject in support of a Congressional directive to expand research addressing the critical health & quality-of-life needs for people with #Downsyndrome.  pic.twitter.com/PXdyU91aan Fulton first responders are holding a blood drive this Friday, more details here:  Thank you @SOPFLWRegion for all you do to support & strengthen @FortLeonardWood and the #FLWregion community. Look forward to continuing our work togetherpic.twitter.com/HbtSD6kNTq Reception recognizing @NIH right now on Capital Hill. @NIHDirector & @RoyBlunt speaking on the promise of NIH research, example: new findings showing which women don’t need chemo for breast ca saves $1bn .@NIH’s research affects the lives of every American. For patients & their loved ones, NIH represents hope & a commitment to making life-saving discoveries. That's why I’ve worked to prioritize federal resources for NIH as Labor-HHS Approps Chair.pic.twitter.com/Io8HwxSBVl Thank you @JimInhofe @RoyBlunt for your staunch support for our military servicemen and their families through the  #FY19NDAA!  @KnobSchools - Our Mission Is Student Success! @Whiteman_AFB @WhitemanBCC … Op-ed in @TheHill: Opioid crisis sending thousands of children into foster care  WATCH I’m chairing a Rules hearing on election security preparations  We need to strengthen our border security and uphold our laws, and we can do that without compromising our values as a nation. I will continue working to address all aspects of our broken immigration system  The situation at the border is unacceptable and it needs to be resolved. Yesterday, I cosponsored the Protect Kids and Parents Act, which would keep families together, expedite the asylum process, and increase the number of federal immigration judges. #OTD in 1865, Union troops in Galveston brought news of the emancipation of enslaved African-Americans in Texas & throughout the southern states. This week, communities all over Missouri, from Cape Girardeau to Kansas City, will be celebrating with festivals & events. #Juneteenth Glad to see #FY19NDAA passed with bipartisan support. The NDAA is critical to providing our men & women in uniform with the resources, equipment & training they need to carry out their missions. … Senate Republicans are getting things done for the American people.pic.twitter.com/EMcFQ9zi8R #InTheNews: Class shows students how to build and create so they can 'give back' with their new skills #ShowMeSuccess … 15 DAYS until the grand opening of the Museum at the #GatewayArch AND to the big reveal of our community art mosaic featuring #YourArch pictures! Remember to post your photos with #YourArch or upload to   to be part of history!pic.twitter.com/uUMj2XlhkS Dream Big is a local #STL summer program that’s opening doors for people with disabilities who are exploring all of their career possibilities  Mike Kehoe is a great friend and great public official. His experience as a business owner, cattle rancher, and state senator will make him an asset to the Parson administration, and I look forward to working with him in his new role:  Air Force veteran Kevin Cook is a testament to how important peer specialists can be in helping fellow veterans get the treatment they need & stay on the path to recovery. Proud to have led the effort to get more peer specialists into the VA health system:  #FY19NDAA provides our service members with the biggest pay increase in nearly 10 years  pic.twitter.com/5O96l7MSj2 Red Schoendienst  Forever "Mr. Cardinal" 1923-2018 #LoveRed2pic.twitter.com/EQ4B6OF0UI Joplin Area Habitat for Humanity built their 150th home  Burrell Behavioral to Host Statewide Opioid Conference  pic.twitter.com/nqJmtt2aI2 KCU is excited to announce that we’re exploring the creation of a College of Dental Medicine in the SWMO, NWAR, NEOK and SEKS region. To learn more about our feasibility study please visit  pic.twitter.com/a46xSlyuk4 Congratulations to Peter Raven, former @MOBotGarden president, on receiving the Hubbard Medal from @NatGeo. The medal is NatGeo’s highest honor.  The #FLWRegion would like to wish the @USArmy a happy 243rd birthday! #ArmyBDaypic.twitter.com/5sqIgM2SOj From @KYTV: Job centers in #SGF and Joplin bring employers to hire in Mt. Vernon  .@SenateGOP has confirmed a historic number of circuit court judges –  so far under the Trump administration. #WinsForAmericapic.twitter.com/nmCVm0ZdqW On this day in 1777, Congress adopted the Stars and Stripes as our national flag. Celebrate #FlagDay with flying colors  This is how #FortLeonardWood gets the party started. Happy 243rd #ArmyBDaypic.twitter.com/rdRGjyH9Vr Happy birthday, @realDonaldTrump!pic.twitter.com/e5fhi540T9 Thank you to the men and women @FortLeonardWood and all of the @USArmy soldiers who have protected our nation for 243 years. #ArmyBday : @FortLeonardWoodpic.twitter.com/def86TkAR4 The #NDAA makes sure that those who serve have the best resources, equipment & training possible to combat the complex national security threats facing our country  Tune in as I join @kzrgchad & Sarah Novotny on @1310kzrg Morning Newswatch this morning at 7:40 CT. Listen live here:  Unemployment is down for all veterans   #HireVets Major cancer treatment center coming to south St. Louis County  pic.twitter.com/jInmfmeBTK Congratulations to Gurpreet Seehra from @UMKCMedSchool & Sydney Stein from @MUCVM … I’m loving it  @McDonalds to hire 8,000 workers across #Missouri, including 2,000 in #STL  The #TaxCutsAndJobsAct has led to bigger paychecks , more jobs  & a stronger economy . #WinsForAmericapic.twitter.com/8D57oCtM6V Good luck to the @NHDMO students competing in #NHD2018, we’re all cheering for you … Thanks for stopping by #MissouriMornings … Sam and Caty of @LIBERTYSCHOOLS created a website on Missouri native Harry Truman for their @NationalHistory Day project. Today, they met with @RoyBlunt to discuss their trip the national competition. #NHD2018pic.twitter.com/VTgrWPB1ER Excited to see FIFA has chosen the US-Canada-Mexico bid for @FIFAWorldCup 2026 – I may be biased but I think #KCMO is the best city to host @FIFAWorldCup … #United2026 is a great opportunity to highlight soccer’s positive impact on our communities, while promoting tourism and the economic benefits it provides. Proud to have helped lead the Senate effort to support #United2026  The #TaxCutsAndJobsAct is putting more money in Missourians’ pockets & creating more opportunities for the Show Me state.   #WinsForAmerica Congratulations to Capitol Projects on 50 years - the #JeffCity based workshop provides employment opportunities for people with disabilities.  Monroe County Relay for Life beat the heat to raise money to beat cancer  From @CNBC: Small business optimism jumps to second-highest ever; tax cut cited   #taxreform Wishing a very happy 94th birthday to former President @GeorgeHWBush pictured here skydiving on his 85th birthday and never short on fun and adventure.  credit: George Bush Presidential Library and Museumpic.twitter.com/cxWdIKJvcL Congratulations to @SenateMajLdr on becoming the longest serving Republican leader in Senate history Year-round Pell Grants are expected to help approximately one million students annually, including 20,000 in Missouri, graduate sooner & with less debt  The Museum’s collection grew in fine fashion last week. @WestminsterMO … Boeing announces it will invest $100 million into new workforce development programs because of #taxreform  Making sure veterans have access to timely, quality mental & behavioral health treatment is a top priority. Last week, my Veteran PEER Act, which expands veterans' access to peer counseling specialists, was signed into law as part of the #VAMissionAct  Great to see @GovParsonMO this morning and talk about how we can continue our work to address Missourians’ top prioritiespic.twitter.com/greK7RONTo Appreciate @RoyBlunt @clairecmc @RepAnnWagner @repcleaver @RepBlaine @RepHartzler @USRepLong @RepJasonSmith taking the time to meet & discuss how we can all work together to move Missouri forward.pic.twitter.com/zKfZAITaTr Via @kfvsnews: Veterans to get access to peer counseling through PEER Act  Good luck, Dustin - he’ll be competing in sprints & relays in the @2018USAGames next month  With 20 additional circuit court seats ready to be filled, Senate Republicans can continue to make a major impact on the courts.  pic.twitter.com/zqqPxMUh7C Congratulations to the more than 1,000 athletes who competed in the @SOMissouri Summer games   President Trump signs a bill into law that will give veterans more freedom to see doctors outside the Veterans Affairs system.  Artist & veteran Steven Maddox has been restoring the Carl Junction war memorial - the finished memorial will be unveiled on the Fourth of July  The entire #STLCards family is deeply saddened by the passing of Hall of Famer Albert Fred “Red” Schoendienst at the age of 95.  #LoveRed2pic.twitter.com/TveO0oWIYD The committee-passed Military Construction & VA funding bill is an important step to ensure our nation’s veterans receive the care and benefits they’ve earned:  Thank you @RoyBlunt for taking the time to meet with Missouri FFA Chapters at the Capitol!pic.twitter.com/DAgScqC5t9 Why the fight to #EndALZ is critical pic.twitter.com/aJpimySlAT  Cutting taxes for families and small businesses  Rolling back excessive regulations   Confirming a historic number of circuit court judges  The Senate is getting a lot done, but there’s more work ahead.  We have more jobs than jobseekers in the United States, and the unemployment rate matches its 50-year low of 3.8 percent. More on how #taxreform is fueling job growth & economic optimism:  Fulton veterans - @DeptVetAffairs mobile center will be in Fulton on June 14  PLASS  #Mizzou  @Mariners  The Tiger lefty goes in the 4th round of the @MLBDraft.  overall   #MizzouMade #C2E pic.twitter.com/67v6I9G56O 8 recent high school graduates from the Ozarks have received National Merit Scholarships, congratulations  I’m proud to announce that my bipartisan Veteran PEER Act was signed into law today. This bill is an important step to ensure veterans have access to timely, quality mental health treatment:  Today we honor those who stormed the beaches of Normandy to liberate Europe. #DDaypic.twitter.com/KXESi7rH0E Arla Harrell fought tirelessly for the care and acknowledgement that he, and his fellow veterans who were exposed to mustard gas experiments, deserved. While we mourn his passing, we will forever honor his legacy with the Arla Harrell Act.  #VAMissionAct includes my Veteran PEER Act, which expands veterans’ access to peer counseling specialists  #VAMissionAct ensures veterans have access to the high-quality care they’ve earnedpic.twitter.com/2d9Rc9MmHi Here’s what you need to know about the #VAMissionAct - @POTUS will sign it into law momentarily  Just called Senator @RoyBlunt's office to thank him for being a champion of @AmeriCorps and @nationalservice and told them I was looking forward to his continued support this year. Missourians, Sen. Blunt is the chairman of the key AmeriCorps funding subcommittee. #Stand4Service Marion County Relay for Life was a huge success - they surpassed their goal & raised $110,000 for the fight against cancer  Mark your calendar - Kids Fishing Day is this Saturday at Kellogg Lake. If you can think of a good fish pun for this tweet, let minnow.  I look forward to working with Sec. DeVos to continue building upon those efforts. More from today’s hearing on the @USEDgov FY19 budget request here:  As chairman of the subcommittee that funds @USEDgov, I’m proud of the progress our subcommittee has made in prioritizing resources for STEM education and making a post-secondary education more accessible and affordable. #MSUBears @11_jeierman taken in the 2nd round Comp. B (70th overall) by the @Athletics!pic.twitter.com/nB0XTgM3nu The new Museum at the #GatewayArch at the Gateway Arch National Park is allowing visitors to explore history in a new way. Thanks for visiting us @FOX2now! … Our A.S. in Paralegal Studies has once again been ranked among the best online programs in the country for its value, quality and convenience. In a national study,   ranked Drury’s program #3.    Program Info:  It’s full steam ahead for our economy   Increased wages   Enhanced benefits  Greater job security That’s what #taxreform means for Missourians.  The sign-up for #StJoeMO Police Department summer camp is now open  Congratulations to the young men & women who graduated last week from the Pathway to Military Enlistment program  #ALZ affects not only the person who has it, but also their loved ones & caregivers. Increasing resources for research to #ENDAlz will continue to be a priority for me.  pic.twitter.com/kwSvrqpbDy .@KCUMB broke ground today on a new medical facility   The Tax Cuts & Jobs Act brought important #taxreform for #smallbiz owners – and our latest survey found that 76% of them now see the current business environment heading in a positive direction: Two walk-offs and a no-hit bid helped us to a weekend series win!  :  pic.twitter.com/egU7JRdfOs Started my day off speaking with House & Senate interns - I enjoyed answering all of your questions & wish you the best of luck this summerpic.twitter.com/KWHpx7iQR1 Now that’s quite a headline  “We Ran Out of Words to Describe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are”   via @nytimes With @NIH resources, @WUSTLmed has been able to make critical discoveries in medical research  As a county official, an effective state legislator, and Lieutenant Governor, Mike Parson understands our state in ways that few people do. He will be a great governor and I look forward to helping him in any way I can. … .@MOHistoryMuseum will be sharing the oral histories of 30 #STL veterans in an exhibit opening this fall at @SoldiersStLouis  Great to be with you all & hear how #taxreform is boosting #MO manufacturing … U.S. Senator Roy Blunt visits AIM, talks with business and community leaders  …pic.twitter.com/HDmjjyhtzK Congratulations, Sophia Nguyen - the #StJoeMo middle schooler finished in the top 28 in the Scripps National Spelling Bee  A bright idea  @KCPLConnect is giving approximately $100 million in #taxreform savings back to customers. I went on a tour of their facility, located in an Opportunity Zone near the historic 18th and Vine district.pic.twitter.com/CQ3OlYKRFC  Unemployment reaches lowest point in 50 years  #TaxReform is driving Missouri’s economy forward. More from @kq2’s coverage of yesterday’s event in St. Joepic.twitter.com/whUC0YB31h Thank you, Col. Schwader, for all you and your family have sacrificed for our nation & for your important work to strengthen the #StJoeMo community. Wishing you the best in your retirement.pic.twitter.com/8wyMFVO9dR As @139AW Commander & @Missouri_NG Chief of Staff, Col. Ralph Schwader has been a strong & effective leader for men & women at @139AW & installations across MO. To honor his 30 years of service, a flag will be flown over the U.S. Capitol today in his name. Enjoyed stopping by @graymfginc and meeting with employees whose wages have increased thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.pic.twitter.com/myRpTEi4cr Strengthening our transportation networks and having a competitive tax code in place will allow us to maximize the opportunities ahead of us in Missouri   @KODEnewspic.twitter.com/LZ1pFiTFsg Yesterday, I visited Butler County - one of the 161 opportunity zones in Missouri that will see new investment incentives under the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act. More here:  pic.twitter.com/XOapkMf8Rj I’ve had a great time traveling the state & hearing from small business owners, employees, and families about how their benefitting from the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act. Looking forward to my event in #KCMO today, the final stop in my ten-city tour this week:  An Epic Welcome Awaits Special Olympics Athletes  pic.twitter.com/4EDTAajNFX My bill w/ @ChrisCoons will help ensure Children’s Advocacy Centers & law enforcement have the resources they need to investigate & prosecute child abuse cases.   Good luck to all the Missouri spellers competing this week in the Scripps National Spelling Bee  In Cape Girardeau, I sat down w/ #Missouri manufacturers to talk about what #taxreform has meant for our state’s manufacturing industry. Thanks to #taxreform, manufacturers are more competitive in the global market and optimism is at a 20-year high.pic.twitter.com/tgWsktnZ12 David McCune, who works at Schuber Mitchell Homes, is a husband, father of 3, and homeowner. Because of #taxreform, he's able to take home more of his hard-earned paycheck. Thank you for sharing your story, David. It was a pleasure meeting you and your family.pic.twitter.com/k75m4q1LnY Video: U.S. Sen. @RoyBlunt discusses tax reform, Pell grant changes at a stop in Hannibal  Congratulations, Bryan Burns - the @MOSOLions student won his first national championship in the discus competition over the weekend  Appreciated hearing from Mary Beth about how #taxreform is providing new opportunities to grow her business & strengthening job security for employees … This morning in #SGF, I heard how #taxreform is helping #smallbiz workers, like those at Hartman Construction, keep more of their hard-earned paychecks. Thank you @SGFChamber for a productive discussion on how #taxreform is driving economic growth in our area.pic.twitter.com/UHbMYXJgEK Joined @AIMTweet13 in #JeffCity to hear how #taxreform is enabling local businesses to expand & reinvest in their workforce. As a former history teacher, I was also glad to hear more about how #taxreform is benefiting local schools  pic.twitter.com/AB1Ml3HC2P Yesterday, I met with Hannibal business leaders & educators to talk about how the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct and year-round Pell Grants are positively affecting the local economy & students. Here’s what they had to say:  pic.twitter.com/9vYZubWvJq The governor made the best decision for his family and the state. I look forward to Gov. Parson's leadership and will do everything I can to be helpful. The #TaxCutsAndJobsAct has been a win for #smallbiz - like @PollPad in #STL. I sat down w/ entrepreneurs, small business owners & local leaders at KNOWiNK to talk about how #taxreform is strengthening our economypic.twitter.com/suzcqe7C5x Small businesses are seeing benefits from #taxreform – numbers show that #smallbusiness owners see optimism and growth ahead:  pic.twitter.com/P4iWXgVOpT Great column from @StLToday to recent high school graduates: "Why manufacturing is a great career option." #Workforce  Franklin County could become the first in the country to be designated a POW/MIA county  Today, we remember the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/pZIul7cVPV The Iran nuclear deal would have allowed the Iranian regime – the number one state sponsor of terrorism – to develop a nuclear weapon. Talked w/ @BillHemmer about what needs to happen to curb Iran’s destabilizing activities: … Re: North Korea summit, all sides need a clear understanding of what denuclearization means, and NK should not receive any benefits until we see results. More from my @FoxNewsSunday interview: … Joined @BillHemmer on @FoxNewsSunday to discuss the latest developments on the Russia investigation, North Korea summit, and Iran nuclear deal: … Bandit is a big dog with a big heart - but for the service members & military families at @fortleonardwood, he’s more than that   via @the_USO On Sunday, Boys Scouts will place flags on the 280,000 graves at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery  The Senate has passed a bill that would reform the way Congress deals with sexual harassment claims. Thanks to Senators @RoyBlunt and @AmyKlobuchar for working for change!  … #MeToopic.twitter.com/aDsd29OTX8 Bears Rally Past ISU for Second-Straight Win at MVC Championship  No family should have to suffer the agonizing delay the Smith family endured in the days following Kelsey’s abduction. I urge my colleagues to support the Kelsey Smith Act and give law enforcement in every state a critical tool to save lives. … As a hub for our nation’s transportation networks, investing resources in Missouri’s infrastructure will allow us to maintain the competitive advantage our location provides. Here’s how the committee-passed energy & water bill will do that:  The American Legion has the support of Congress to designate the Friday before Memorial Day as National Poppy Day®, a day that encourages all Americans to wear a red poppy as a symbol to honor the fallen and support the living heroes who have worn our nation’s uniform. #PoppyDaypic.twitter.com/0r9AzsrnKQ Marine Lloyd Blair founded “Veteran Barbers for Veterans,” a charity in #KCMO that trains veterans to become barbers - and provides free haircuts and shaves to veterans  Congratulations to all the Hannibal Girl Scouts who were promoted to the next level of Scouting  @SOMissouri Thanks to all the #torchrun participants in Macon today. The Macon PD, MSHP, and Probation & Parole all participated. Special thanks to @MaconTigers Elementary School for having their summer school students outside to cheer on the runners and athletes!pic.twitter.com/CxWwafplNu U.S. Sen. @RoyBlunt: Senate bill overhauls handling of sex harassment complaints.  …pic.twitter.com/QP4lHfPEoR 87% of #smallbiz owners say #taxreform will have a positive impact on the economy   via @NFIB All members of the Senate stood together today to make clear harassment of any kind will not be tolerated and perpetrators will be held accountable. Thank you, @SenAmyKlobuchar, for your partnership in advancing these significant reforms  This bipartisan bill will support the vital role Children’s Advocacy Centers play in keeping kids safe and holding perpetrators accountable:  In 2017, MO’s 22 child advocacy centers provided a safe haven to more than 8,500 of Missouri’s most vulnerable children. The Oakville Tiger Band is ending the school year on a high note – they’ve been invited to perform at the 75th Memorial Parade and Musical Salute to the Veterans in Normandy, France next year  Proud to announce that my bipartisan Family Self-Sufficiency Act has been signed into law. This new law will give hardworking Americans more tools to expand their education, plan for the future, and reach their goal of becoming financially independent:  This is why I’ve prioritized expanding access to opioid treatment & prevention program  Survey: 1 in 5 know someone who has been addicted to opioids  Congratulations to all the Fulton Rotary scholarship & courtesy award recipients  The #VAMISSIONAct includes my Veteran PEER Act, which will allow VA peer specialists to team up with primary care teams to make sure veterans are getting the care they need  Today, the Senate passed the #VAMISSIONAct, another major step in our ongoing effort to ensure veterans have access to care when and where they need it.  A must-read  Cail Tingle runs torch for the upcoming @SOMissouri alongside @WebbCityPD officers  #TaxReform has propelled U.S. companies’ earnings growth.  The #MO ag industry is vital to our state’s economy. I’m committed to making sure ag producers have what they need take advantage of the economic opportunities ahead. Here’s a look at the #MOAg priorities I worked to include in the FY19 ag funding bill:  .@MOStateParks are hiring more veterans  This is a critical step toward making water bills more manageable, while continuing to improve our aging water/sewer systems. Thanks to @repcleaver, @clairecmc, and @RoyBlunt for working with @KCMO and @KCMOwater and making #KansasCity residents a priority. … More on how opportunity zones will benefit Missourians:  … … “Americans report stronger finances in Trump’s first year”  Today the Senate will consider the #VAMissionAct to modernize veterans’ healthcare services at @DeptVetAffairs & improve access to the high-quality, timely care they deserve.pic.twitter.com/0cYZ9SEE66 This bipartisan agreement sends a clear message that harassment in any form will not be tolerated in the U.S. Congress:  This Memorial Day weekend in #KCMO, you can tour a B-17 bomber built in 1944  The campers, all of whom have special needs, got to "camp out" overnight in the National Wonders of Wildlife Museum & Aquarium.  I never miss a chance to talk with students about the history of the Truman Room - Harry S. Truman’s office when he represented MO in the Senate and during the 82 days he served as VP. Thanks, Fordland Middle School History Club, for sharing a love for our country’s history.pic.twitter.com/gz3aRK3KRG In the 7 years since the Joplin tornado, the community has pressed forward with unwavering strength and determination to recover and rebuild.  Our thoughts are with them, and with the families, friends, and neighbors of the victims who lost their lives that day. Each year, I have the privilege of nominating a remarkable group of young men & women to our four United States Military Service Academies. You can find more information here:  Congratulations, Pete Wiley - 75 years after serving in WWII, Pete was honored with a diploma from Paul Lutheran High School  #WashUMed researchers continue to make breakthrough discoveries with support from @NIH … What will YOU do to fight Alzheimer's on #TheLongestDay? The possibilities are limitless. Get ideas here:  . #ENDALZpic.twitter.com/ruUiTfJVMt Jackson may be only 11 but he can solve a Rubik’s Cube in 19 seconds - he even qualified for speed cubing nationals.  “A recent @ShopFloorNAM member survey shows 77% of manufacturers reporting they already plan to increase hiring thanks to #taxreform”  Over the past 3 yrs, the appropriations subcommittee I chair has nearly tripled funding for Alzheimer’s disease research. With the costs of Alzheimer’s expected to top $1 trillion by 2050, we’ll continue prioritizing resources for @NIH research to @EndAlz  Styles Fountain of Mexico, MO: The U.S. Merchant Marine Academy “gives me a chance to serve my country and give back on an even bigger scale than I could’ve imagined.” Congratulations, Styles.   @MexicoLedger "I can leave @CrowderCollege debt-free & that's going to be extremely beneficial, an extra stressor I don't have to worry about." Amy’s story is just one example of how year-round Pell Grants are helping studentspic.twitter.com/tPpi0k2ynV 92-year-old @USMC veteran Frank Clark has a lot to teach us about living life to the fullest – on and off the dance floor. @KSDK shares the story of his incredible life and service to our country  U.S Senators urge FCC to improve health care in rural communities   #KTVONewspic.twitter.com/LLzEvDjGKY I have no doubt she will draw on her decades of experience to make sure decision makers have all the facts they need to keep Americans safe. I look forward to working with her in her new role. The widespread support Haspel has within the @CIA and amongst top national security leaders speaks to her integrity and ability. Gina Haspel is the most prepared person to have ever been nominated to serve as CIA Director, demonstrating the highest levels of leadership and professionalism throughout her 33-year career. JUST IN: Senate has confirmed Gina Haspel’s nomination to serve as @CIA Director. She is exactly the right choice to lead the agency:  Great news from @ShopFloorNAM. Thanks to #TaxReform, manufacturers:   Plan to increase wages and benefits  Plan to increase investments  Plan to increase hiring   Have a near-record level of optimismpic.twitter.com/7BzBb7Uaim The law enforcement community and first responders run toward danger as others run away. Today and every day, we take a moment to thank all of them for their service and we remember all of our fallen law enforcement men and women. #NationalPoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/3K59DH6d0b Thank you @RoyBlunt @PattyMurray and others on the LHHS subcommittee for their continued support of #NIH and the medical research that means hope for millions of Americans. "A renewed investment in @NIH has provided and can provide millions of Americans with hope they wouldn’t otherwise have," @RoyBlunt.   #NIHFunding #SenateApprops #researchfunding Senate Appropriations hearing on NIH budget begins at 10 am ET. Webcast link:   @NIHDirector @RoyBlunt @PattyMurray Good news from @ShopFloorNAM for the 260,000+ Missourians who work in manufacturing  .@NIH research is critical to developing strategies to combat opioid addiction. This year, we increased NIH opioid research by $500 million. As chair of the appropriations subcommittee that funds @HHS, I will continue prioritizing resources to address this crisis. … Remembering the Missouri police officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice. #NationalPoliceWeek  Mark your calendar  The Salute to Veterans Memorial Day Weekend Celebration Airshow will be in Columbia May 26-27  Congratulations  … In the last year, three MO police officers were killed in the line of duty. When they put on their uniforms, said goodbye to their loved ones, & walked out the door they put their lives on the line to keep others safe. We are forever indebted to them & their families. #PoliceWeek Pell Grants help make #highered more affordable for more Missourians. I’m proud to have led efforts to restore year-round Pell for studentspic.twitter.com/nCtQRtNqsz As the co-chair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, I’ll continue working to ensure first responders have the equipment, training, and support they need to do their jobs.  The National Law Enforcement Museum Commemorative Coin Act is a bipartisan effort to support the museum honoring the countless sacrifices law enforcement officers and their families make every day. Gina Haspel is uniquely qualified to lead the CIA as its next director. I look forward to seeing her confirmed by the Senate soon. … U.S. Navy sailor Clifford George Goodwin, who lost his life during Pearl Harbor, has returned to Missouri to be buried with full military honors.  Investments in medical research pave the way for new treatments & cures, which is why I’ve advocated for increasing @NIH resourcespic.twitter.com/daZOxyAtRT Good luck to Hannibal senior Ashlyn Nichols - she will be representing Missouri as our 2018 representative for Distinguished Young Women  Keytesville Lions Club surprised Army National Guard Staff Sgt. Brandon Brown with a renovated home  Ceremony to Honor Law Enforcement Set for Thursday  pic.twitter.com/84VZXZepHs For 20,000 Missouri students, year-round Pell Grants are making a big difference  Yesterday, I joined 30 of my colleagues in urging the FCC to strengthen a program that’s played a key role in expanding access to quality health care in rural communities:  ICYMI: Missouri Senator @RoyBlunt says year-round Pell grants "dramatically enhance" the possibility of students graduating. My story.  “4 million children and adolescents in America have a serious mental health disorder, yet 79% receive no mental health care.” That's why  I’ve been proud to lead efforts to expand access to mental health care, and will continue that effort   @newspressnow Marine combat veteran Joey Williams is working to help veterans navigate & connect w/ programs & services through his After Action Network site. I had the opportunity to meet Joey & continue to be impressed by his talent & dedication to serving his country  pic.twitter.com/ggdcTrDb7N #SGF native Chase Snider ran for 500 days straight to raise funds & awareness for @StJude  Blunt says year-round Pell grant program is helping thousands of Missourians   #mogov #moleg  Every time law enforcement officers & first responders report for their shifts, they put the safety of others ahead of their own. As co-chair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, I thank you for your service & the sacrifices you & your families make every day #PoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/VT6lFcmtfN Wishing all the wonderful moms a very happy #MothersDaypic.twitter.com/8SDVyowfWx Good luck to Hannibal HS Academic Team - they’re headed to Nationals  These @WestminsterMO students are giving back by starting a preschool in Uganda  Richard Fordyce is a 4th generation farmer, dedicated public servant, and tireless advocate for rural communities. I look forward to working with him in his new role as Farm Service Agency Administrator:  On Military Spouse Appreciation Day and every day, @VETS_DOL works to provide #MilSpouses with employment resources to help them secure good jobs.  …pic.twitter.com/WpmjhzJger Good luck to Team Richards Rocketeers  I’m incredibly impressed by this group of young girls and their hard work & innovation #TARC2018 … On #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay, I want to recognize the men & women who are truly the backbone of our military strength. Thank you to all #milspouses for your countless sacrifices.pic.twitter.com/gGZYs0NjuW It's National #NursesWeek! #DYK that we have 99 research nurses supporting the clinical research program?  pic.twitter.com/OL1WIjlpE6 Congratulations Samuel Weiler - the #SGF senior is a National Merit Scholarship finalist  Survivors, Relay for Life volunteers fight cancer from the kitchen at #KCMO’s Hope Lodge  .@DEAHQ collected nearly 1 million pounds of unused prescription drugs on #TakeBackDay  .@NFIB in @TheHill: “Tax reform drives record optimism and plans to expand among small businesses” … Senate Democrats’ historic obstruction of @POTUS’ nominees is outrageous. They need to quit wasting time and allow the Senate to get to work on the critical issues facing our nation.  The annual Hermann Maifest, May 19-20, celebrates the return of spring. Deutschheim State Historic Site is celebrating its 40th anniversary and will be one of the highlights of the Hermann Maifest. Learn more at  …pic.twitter.com/cd7rjZGhEV Yesterday’s confirmation hearing clearly demonstrated that Gina Haspel is ready to lead the CIA from day one.  pic.twitter.com/G8G83fHy5k On National Children’s #MentalHealth Awareness Day, remember nearly 1 in 5 kids suffers or will suffer from a serious mental illness but most don't get treatment they need. I intro'd Ensuring Children’s Access to Specialty Care Act to expand kids' access to behavioral health care This week is National Correctional Officers & Employees Week. Thank you to the men & women who work in corrections for all you do to maintain our safety. #CorrectionsWeek The case for Gina Haspel as CIA director  This man found World War II dog tags while doing construction work & returned them to the veteran’s family   Little Libraries encourage reading in Hannibal   Congratulations to Noah Johnson on your appointment to @AF_Academy  Congrats to Abbie - Missouri @Google #doodle4google territory winner. You can vote for her Doodle here:   Free mental health screenings for Mental Health Awareness Day  pic.twitter.com/6mVUkMc8SZ As CIA Director, I have no doubt Gina Haspel will provide all the facts decision makers need to address the security challenges we face. More from today’s confirmation hearing:  pic.twitter.com/PjtMkeLF6q Did you know the travel industry supports 1 in 9 jobs nationwide? As co-chair of the Senate Travel & Tourism Caucus, I've worked to advance policies to strengthen & grow the tourism industry in Missouri & across the country. #nttw18pic.twitter.com/XXK8kUxdq1 May is #MilitaryAppreciationMonth. Thank you to all of our active duty, reserve, and veteran service members, and your families. We could not be the free and prosperous nation we are without the sacrifices you have made, and continue to make, on our behalf.pic.twitter.com/KvfMPaIis2 My bill to establish Ste. Genevieve as a national historic park became law this year. Ste. Genevieve’s residents have worked hard to preserve the area’s rich history & I’m glad more visitors will be able to enjoy it. Here’s the latest on the project  Drone systems are rapidly evolving, supporting everything from precision agriculture to public safety. We need a regulatory landscape that keeps pace with that growth:  pic.twitter.com/P5mGxR8NMF Gina Haspel is exactly the right person, at exactly the right time, to lead the CIA.pic.twitter.com/VPDvmW2p49 82-yr old Jobyna Foster persevered to earn her Master's degree from @FontbonneU, saying “I really wanted to be the first to graduate. I’m the oldest in the family & I have to set an example." Congratulations, Jobyna - you did it  “More than 50 former top national-security & intelligence officials who know [Gina Haspel] directly, including 6 former CIA directors, 3 former directors of national intelligence and 2 former secretaries of state, signed a letter supporting her nomination”  From a 30-yr @CIA veteran: “[Gina Haspel] has the requisite experience and is respected throughout the national security establishment."  On #TeacherAppreciationDay, we celebrate educators in Missouri and across the country who inspire our children. Please #ThankATeacherpic.twitter.com/50CRp4b8a9 "According to the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics, the national unemployment rate, at 3.9 percent for April, is the lowest in 17 years." Read more about the #jobsreport from @postandcourier here  … Happy birthday to Missouri’s own President Harry S. Truman … If you’re an entrepreneur, @WalletHub thinks you should head to #SGF, #KCMO & #STL  We're excited that fans like you voted us as America's Best Aquarium. To celebrate, share your favorite #WOWAquarium photos with us and we'll retweet our favorites on Friday.pic.twitter.com/DBbs0m3qlV Rain delays. Extra innings. A walk-off. How fun was last night! #STLCardspic.twitter.com/fzQUpDCf2I #JeffCity native a part of Air Force Academy’s Wings of Blue Parachute Jump Team  With over 30 years of experience at the CIA, including several leadership roles, Gina Haspel is uniquely qualified to lead the agency as its next director. I’m proud to support her nomination.pic.twitter.com/fHyixOyu8n With a @CIA career spanning 3 decades, including, most recently, serving as acting director and deputy director, Gina Haspel is uniquely qualified to lead the agency. Opposing her nomination puts our national security at risk.  Look forward to meeting the Richards R-V Rocketry team later this week … MCC Follow Up: Read more about the stop this week by Senator @RoyBlunt to MCC.  … #PreparingStudents … Great to hear from Senator @RoyBlunt about his work on summer Pell grants and showing him construction on new @STLCC Center for Nursing and Health Science building.pic.twitter.com/wUOSq0zTBy Today we launched the #YourArch campaign. Share your memories at the @GatewayArchSTL by posting photos with #YourArch to be part of a collaborative photo montage that will be revealed on July 3! More info   .pic.twitter.com/DcBkcXIXhH “The latest @NFIB report finds more firms, more jobs and higher pay”  Thanks, Clif - always good to see you … The unemployment rate is the lowest it’s been since December 2000  One out of three Missouri college students gets a Pell Grant  Students like Emanuel Burnette are why I worked to make Pell Grants available all yearpic.twitter.com/hrRkpHiHKv Pell Grants help students, like those at @OTCedu, @EvangelUniv, @MissouriState & @DruryUniversity, stay on track to graduate and succeed in the workforce. Thank you to the students & educators for taking the time to speak with me on making #highered a reality for more Missourianspic.twitter.com/A7N2i6lcm8 At @TrumanState, I spoke with administrators & students on how we can help more non-traditional students achieve their dream of getting a college diploma. TRIO is a great resource for these students working to complete their #highered degree.pic.twitter.com/tg0SO19Uif Hannibal athletes celebrate ahead of Special Olympics games  For first generation college students, Pell Grants and the TRIO program provide vital support to help them stay on track for graduation and finish with less debt.pic.twitter.com/2xPjS4rinY 76 years after his death, American hero’s remains are finally home  More than half of students at @ThreeRivers_MO receive Pell Grants – and they now have access to a third Pell Grant to stay enrolled year round. Thanks @ThreeRivers_MO, I really enjoyed our conversation and the campus tour.pic.twitter.com/rDLVAOo8FD May is Military Appreciation Month. One of the best ways to honor military families is by providing good jobs for #veterans and #MilSpouses. Start here:  pic.twitter.com/h2aM9HAUfG Year-round Pell is esp important for non-traditional students who are working/caring for families. W/ an extra Pell Grant during the year they can stay continuously enrolled & complete their program faster. Appreciate @CrowderCollege @mosolions students sharing their storiespic.twitter.com/igVkdNxbed What an uplifting story  Faith’s Girl Scout Gold Star project serves girls with autism through a mentorship program that aims to create lasting friendships. Faith, who is also on the spectrum, volunteered an impressive 600 hours in the last year  Thank you, Michael … Good news for veterans entering or building their careers in the private sector  The #HireVets program, created by my bill, has reached its application goal   This will be the first full academic school year students can receive Pell Grants to continue classes all year. … .@Whiteman_AFB will be home to the B-21. I’ve been proud to lead efforts to secure funding for the B-21, and I’ll keep working to support the vital role MO’s military installations play in defending our nation:  Senator Roy Blunt highlights Pell Grants at MACC in Columbia. #krcg13pic.twitter.com/sFcLAMrlm2 Senator @RoyBlunt tells the audience about 130,000 Missouri college students receive Pell grants annually. He's secured funding to raise the maximum Pell grant award to $6,095. “Volunteer honored for providing 'magic of education'”   via @SJNPNewton For employees of Mid-AM Metal Forming, the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct means more money in their wallets. #NationalSmallBusinessWeekpic.twitter.com/zg43WIgCDb I was honored to receive @Voices4Service Congressional Service Award. I’ve seen firsthand the impact @CityYear @AmeriCorps & @TeachForAmerica have on communities in Missouri. I’m proud to have led efforts to increase resources for these programs. #NationalServiceWorkspic.twitter.com/cUeOr5qkuW Year-round Pell Grants give students the ability to graduate earlier and with less debt or, in some cases, no debt. Today, I heard from @NCMCPirates students who shared their stories about how Pell Grants have helped them.pic.twitter.com/ccpA7jFhTl More than 2,000 students at @MissouriWestern receive Pell Grants. I’ve led efforts to restore year-round Pell Grants in last year’s gov’t funding bill & was able to secure an increase in the maximum Pell Grant award in this year’s billpic.twitter.com/4l8p57AED8 Congratulations to Tracy Angold - the recipient of the 2018 Roy Blunt Literacy Citation. Tracy began volunteering in English Language Learning Classrooms after she was asked to be a guest speaker in a class.pic.twitter.com/5Z2f8hWO6C Thank you, Chancellor Beatty, for a productive discussion on how year-round Pell Grants are enhancing students’ opportunities … I visited @MCCKansasCity today to participate in a roundtable discussion w/ MCC, @UMKansasCity & @ParkUniversity on Pell Grants. Pell Grants can make a real difference in students’ ability to stay on track to graduate, which is why I worked to restore year-round Pell Grantspic.twitter.com/M5lD5WEUP6 .@NIH & @TheNCI are making groundbreaking discoveries in the fight to cure and treat cancer. I’m glad to say the latest government funding bill provided increased resources for this vital research:  Today, on Silver Star Service Banner Day, we honor our wounded and ill service members and veterans, and their families.   #StingrayBay #SneakPeekpic.twitter.com/RFUtaM6kR8 Stopping by @KMBZradio to join @ej_becker & @ellennewsgirl at 7:40 am CT. Tune in live here:  Thanks to Jacob & Jatina for giving a fantastic tour of your school & sharing your stories w/ me. And thank you, Christeen, for your commitment to @CityYear - 50 hrs a week on top of college course work is a heavy load, but you’re clearly having a positive impact on the students Visited Ewing Marion Kauffman School to talk about how @CityYear is helping students succeed & serving #KCMO community. I’m proud to have led efforts to increase funding for AmeriCorps to help ensure City Year has what it needs to continue living up to its motto #makebetterhappenpic.twitter.com/rnzdNy7I4l Congratulations Jean Lawson on being named #SGF Public Schools Teacher of the Year - your dedication to your students is truly inspiring  Tax reform is working. Take a look as members of the @SenateGOP talk about how #taxreform is helping their constituents.pic.twitter.com/c46xtynVDb A good read to kick off #SmallBusinessWeek  #TaxReform boosts small businesses  Hannibal is already busy preparing for its Bicentennial Celebration next year  Because of #TaxCutsAndJobsAct, small businesses are increasing benefits, investing more in their employees & creating more jobs. #SmallBusinessWeekpic.twitter.com/dTrVVUGw3P Congratulations, @SharonBeshore1. A well-deserved honor for someone who has done so much for the Joplin community … #Chiefs in good position for Day 2. … Tomorrow is #TakeBackDay - a day to safely dispose of unused medication. In 2016, nearly 3 Missourians died every day from an #opioid overdose. Click here to learn more about drop-off locations  pic.twitter.com/yVscnZDfzc Tim Garrison has dedicated his career to making our communities and nation a safer place. I’m proud he was confirmed with the full support of the Senate, and wish him the best in his new role as U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Missouri.   “Senate Republicans are fighting the opioid crisis” … Fewer than 5 percent of business schools worldwide have earned @AACSB accreditation. @MOStateCOB is one of them. #GoMaroon  Here’s how to safely dispose of prescription drugs for #TakeBackDay  pic.twitter.com/eyXPdOZdpP Gordon Elliott is extremely deserving of Excellence in Business Award & few in my lifetime have matched his contributions to #SGF. I'm inspired by & grateful for his dedication to our local businesses, our community & to each of us who call Springfield home. … Mike Pompeo is eminently qualified to serve as our nation’s top diplomat. That’s why the Senate voted to #ConfirmPompeo as our Secretary of @StateDeptpic.twitter.com/vmEhddWmKJ Senate Democrats’ needless obstruction of the president’s well-qualified nominees is unacceptable. @SenatorLankford’s resolution would be a big step toward improving the confirmation process:  The Opportunity Zones program is another example of how #taxreform is directly benefitting Missourians.  It’s time to #ConfirmPompeo … HST loved Independence, and we have lots of early photos of the city in our collections! This street is likely on the square in Independence, circa 1899. #CityMWpic.twitter.com/aSwLM7PyzP Mike Pompeo clearly has the experience and qualifications he needs to do the job   #ConfirmPompeo Paychecks are going  and taxes are going  because of the #TaxCutsAndJobsActpic.twitter.com/U5PLaCWtqW #habitatkc thanks you @RoyBlunt @PattyMurray @rosadelauro @TomColeOK4 for your work to protect funding for @NationalService, including @AmeriCorps, helping us revitalize neighborhoods in Kansas City.pic.twitter.com/tJet1ilKPM  LIVE  Rules Committee kicking off markup on improving procedures for consideration of nominations  This headline says it all  “A vote to reject Mike Pompeo would be incredibly reckless”   #ConfirmPompeo April 28 is #TakeBackDay - click here to learn more about safely getting rid of unused prescription drugs   This is a critical time for our country as we face numerous global challenges. Mike Pompeo is well qualified to serve as Secretary of State and his leadership is urgently needed. It’s time to #ConfirmPompeo  As Chairman of the Senate Rules Committee, I look forward to considering legislation this week that would permanently expedite the confirmation process.  Senate Democrats' needless obstruction of the president’s well-qualified nominees makes it impossible for us to spend time on other major issues we have in front of us. The #TaxCutsAndJobsAct has benefitted Missourians from Day One. Share your #taxreform story with me here:  Happy 150th birthday, Edina Sentinel  “Thanks to #taxreform, nearly all (91 percent) individual taxpayers will be paying lower taxes in a new, simpler system.”  pic.twitter.com/SeqF8M5uPc Hannibal students’ vision to remember Champ Clark Bridge selected  Lead author Avik Som calls a new text messaging service designed to curb opioid abuse “convenient, immediate and nonjudgmental.” #WashUMed researchers and digital health company @Epharmix developed the service.  It’s National Parks Week - Missouri is home to many historic parks, sites & trails. #FindYourPark here    We are confident in a reformed tax code that will drive economic growth. Did you know?  Under the old system:  Middle-class families struggled because wages were stagnant.  The reformed system:  Cuts taxes for working families & will result in higher wages and more jobs. Find National Prescription Drug Take Back Day location   via @kmbc No better way to start the day than with the @BestBuddies_MO Friendship Walk - it was an honor to be a part of the opening ceremonypic.twitter.com/6kpE87dXPE Thank you Senator @RoyBlunt for your constant interest in the future of Missouri students and for supporting the #Fight4FinAid. #PellChampion #YRPpic.twitter.com/dYiE7ZNlYh Congratulations again Rebekah on receiving #MCOY18 - hope you enjoyed your trip to DC … 