This legislation would build on previous progress in government spending oversight and better track hundreds of billions of dollars in federal grants each year, reduce compliance costs and allow for more modern technologies in the federal grant process. The GREAT Act, which I introduced w/ @SenatorLankford, would help simplify the grant process and make it more efficient and transparent. I am glad the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee voted today to send it to the Senate floor. … It is important that we look at how health care challenges in rural states can affect the cost of care and learn more about how our current policies are working and where they might be improved. … Rural states like Wyoming face unique health care challenges. That's why I held a bipartisan roundtable with Wyo Insurance Commissioner Tom Glause & other experts to examine these challenges & possible solutions to help. More info here:  …pic.twitter.com/u6t1bi5QCx Congratulations to Lander Valley High School Principal Brad Neuendorf for being named the @NASSP 2018 Wyoming Principal of the Year! Thank you for all your hard work in leading your school.pic.twitter.com/2HDcj26GQG I hope a quick resolution to keep the Yellowstone grizzly bears delisted can be implemented. I am disappointed by a federal judge’s decision to return the Yellowstone grizzly bear to the endangered species list. Wildlife experts and federal officials agree that the grizzly bears in this region have been fully recovered for years. Thanks to @SenJohnBarrasso and Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame Board Members Lee Martinez, Scotty Ratliff and Pinky Walters for helping to make the 5th annual induction ceremony a success.pic.twitter.com/6kYsGbevme It was wonderful to speak at the Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame induction on Sunday in Casper. I’m proud to continue being part of this ceremony to recognize one of Wyoming’s greatest symbols and a way of life that has contributed so much to American culture and the West. Folks in Wyoming have big ideas, and that’s why I host the Inventors Conference each year. I highly encourage anyone interested to register and take advantage of the opportunities this conference provides.  …pic.twitter.com/sgGTSu6ddH Are you interested in getting a ground-floor look at how Congress works? Apply for an internship in my D.C. office! This is a unique opportunity to gain experience in the heartbeat of our nation’s government. Learn more and apply here:  …pic.twitter.com/Q7yekIugK3 Interested in a military career? I’m accepting applications for nominations to the U.S. military service academies. Apply by Nov. 5. … Happy 71st birthday to the @usairforce! Today we give an extra thanks to those men and women who have served or are still serving our nation at F.E. Warren Air Force Base and around the globe!pic.twitter.com/OUduOIdIxo “Congress and the public have come to depend on @USCBO for its budget and economic analyses. That means ensuring the agency’s work is accessible and well understood.” @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi  pic.twitter.com/j92Vi5oZQo LIVE @ 1030am - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing on Transparency at @USCBO -  pic.twitter.com/uC6SPxOteS I'm honored to be selected as a Friend of Farm Bureau. For every farmer and rancher, there are countless people across our country who benefit from the food they produce and the economic benefit they provide. … Every year I am amazed by the kids from Wyoming that work so hard to earn these prestigious awards.  Last year, Wyoming students accounted for nearly 10 percent of all those Congressional Gold Medalists. The #CongressionalAward is a wonderful program that rewards students across the country for volunteerism & personal development. Wyoming Senator Malcolm Wallop started this program in 1979 and I am proud to sponsor its reauthorization w/ @SenJohnBarrasso. … Each year, I have the honor of nominating a select few to the U.S. military service academies. This is an exceptional opportunity for young people considering military careers. … TOMORROW - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing on Transparency at @USCBO - Thursday, Sept. 13, 2018 at 10:30am.  LEARN MORE:  … … and  … … Seventeen years ago our lives changed forever. On this solemn anniversary, let us remember the thousands of lives lost and the heroism of the first responders. Today is an opportunity to come together as one and renew our spirit of unity as a nation. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/N864we0vOT JUST ANNOUNCED - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing on Transparency at @USCBO - Thursday, Sept. 13, 2018 at 1030am.  LEARN MORE:  … and  … No matter how busy I am, I try to make time for reading. And I usually read a few books at a time, adding up to about 100 a year. I really enjoyed sharing some of my favorite books that I read this summer with BookTV. #ReadABookDay … Payments In Lieu of Taxes are vital for local governments in places like Wyoming to help pay for essential services. Enjoyed talking today to @NACo officials today on Capitol Hill about this important issue.pic.twitter.com/DVPMssRB59 I specifically appreciate the changes to allow small businesses that in the same association to join together to offer retirement plans for their employees. But Congress should still push for legislation that would expand that option even further. I applaud @realDonaldTrump for signing an executive order today to strengthen retirement security options for small businesses and employers. … It is unfortunate that activist litigation has once again delayed the process of allowing states to properly manage their own wildlife. … Federal judge should not halt grizzly bear hunts in Wyoming. … Today we gathered in the U.S. Capitol to honor Senator John McCain. He served his country. He served it well. America will never forget that service. Full statement here - … Our local papers play a vital role in the state and shouldn’t have to struggle to survive because of these tariffs that were being pushed by one company. It is a relief that the U.S. International Trade Commission has ended tariffs on imports from Canada that were hurting our newspapers in Wyoming and the communities they serve.  … His dedication to his country and its defense was unmatched. He was passionate throughout his long years of service to the people of Arizona. Diana and I send our thoughts and prayers to his wife Cindy and the entire McCain family as we mourn the passing of an American hero. Senator John McCain was a true patriot who dedicated his life to serving his country, his constituents and his family with honor. He rightfully earned his maverick moniker with his iron strength of will to stand up and fight for what he believed was right. Joined @SenTedCruz this week in urging @USTreasury to cut the Iranian regime off from the global banking system.  … Financial literacy can be the key to help Americans save for retirement. Held a roundtable on the issue today with expertise witnesses, including U.S. Treasurer Jovita Carranza. More here:  pic.twitter.com/2UQmKhOP1y The lack of retirement planning by Americans at all stages of life illustrates the need to explore the financial literacy resources already available to help them. Learn more here:  According to one employee survey nearly half of baby boomers had $100,000 or less set aside for retirement. That would likely mean only $4,000 in annual cash flow per year for retirement. I held a roundtable today with expert witnesses to explore what efforts are being made by the government and private sector to ensure people have the financial literacy they need to save for retirement.pic.twitter.com/hmPHAWX8Ne Thanks to @SenatorEnzi for holding an important HELP subcommittee hearing at 2:30 PM EDT on financial literacy and saving money for retirement. Watch here:  … Chairing a hearing today at 2:30 p.m. EST on the state of financial literacy & retirement security. Will have great witnesses to talk about best practices for promoting financial literacy that might help those Americans looking to save for their future.  … The Trump Administration’s efforts to replace the Clean Power Plan would help provide flexibility to the coal industry in Wyoming that suffered under severe restrictions. … The Clean Power Plan clearly overstepped the EPA’s legal bounds and directly attacked America’s coal industry. I look forward to reviewing the proposed American Clean Energy (ACE) rule and discussing its impact with folks in Wyoming. I am glad the Trump Administration is working to provide flexibility for states, the energy industry and the entire nation by replacing the overly burdensome Clean Power Plan. … This is about our states’ right to manage one of their most precious resources. I will continue to fight to finally end this disastrous rule. The Obama-era Waters of the U.S. (WOTUS) rule was a massive regulatory overreach by the EPA that should have never been allowed in the first place. It is disappointing that a federal judge reinstated WOTUS in some states. … .@SenatorEnzi on new bill that will hold IRS employees accountable: "We had people that were rehired after misconduct or poor performance so bad that their folder was marked ‘Do Not Re-Hire.’"  pic.twitter.com/4TNQcUBJlL It was great to be on @AfterTheBell this afternoon to discuss the need for more accountability at the IRS and my op-ed published  w/ @SenatorBurr discussing our legislation that would do just that. ->  …pic.twitter.com/YzTT6E54iw My statement applauding Wyoming leaders for opposing the Bank of the West’s anti-fossil fuel policies.pic.twitter.com/4PfoJznejS “Let's set some real consequences for bad behavior at the IRS” - My op-ed today with @SenatorBurr.  I have an op-ed out today with @SenatorBurr about why and how Congress can bring accountability to an agency that has a history of serious misconduct.  The IRS keeps rehiring employees with a history of misconduct and performance issues. If kids can learn that bad behavior has consequences, why can’t the IRS? Congratulations to Wind River’s Quincie Somervold for being named Wyoming’s champion in a Microsoft Office competition! What a great example of Wind River Job Corps students preparing for successful careers and futures. … It also includes my legislation w/ @SenatorCardin that would speed up payments to small contractors doing business with the Department of Defense. Congress passed a unified defense policy bill yesterday that would strengthen the military and authorize funding for programs and activities vital to Wyoming’s National Guard and F.E. Warren Air Force Base. Looking to travel abroad? Check out @TravelGov to receive up-to-date information on U.S. passports, foreign crisis alerts and other travel abroad material to help keep you notified.   Cheyenne Frontier Days has for years been one of the greatest celebrations you can find in Wyoming – fully deserving of its title as “the daddy of ‘em all.” It represents the spirit & tradition of what it means to be from the West. I'm glad I was able to participate last weekend.pic.twitter.com/bDCKlW0Tip Great to be with @realDonaldTrump and others today for the signing of the bipartisan #PerkinsCTE reauthorization bill. This is the product of years of work and will help students obtain the skills they need to get good jobs in the future.pic.twitter.com/RH9XAK5566 Today, @POTUS signed #PerkinsCTE into law. This legislation, which was championed by @SenatorEnzi, @SenAlexander, @IvankaTrump, and others, will help equip people with the tools they need to find well-paying jobs.pic.twitter.com/z23INrRt1J Very excited that @POTUS signed our bipartisan legislation into law today that will help students gain skills through career and technical education so they can find high-paying and in-demand jobs. … Today the president signed a bill into law that I have been working on for years that will help students and workers get the skills they need to find high-skill, high-wage or in-demand jobs. #PerkinsCTE … I am proud of this bill and the bipartisan, and almost unanimous, support it has received. That does not happen without a tremendous amount of work to get it to that point. Proud to be at the White House for the signing of the #PerkinsCTE reauthorization into law by @RealDonaldTrump. Thanks to @SenBobCasey, @SenAlexander, @PattyMurray & @IvankaTrump for their help in getting this bill across the finish line. … When a court ruled that a WWI memorial should be torn down, I believe it misinterpreted the Constitution. I joined @SenTedCruz and 107 other members of Congress in asking the U.S. Supreme Court to review the decision.   … I signed onto an amicus brief with 108 other members of Congress to ask the U.S. Supreme Court to review a court decision to tear down a World War I memorial. Tearing down the Bladensburg Peace Cross could imperil war memorials all across the country.   … As the resolution states, the cowboy archetype embodies honesty, integrity, courage, compassion, respect, a strong work ethic and patriotism while transcending ethnicity, gender, geographic boundaries and political affiliations. Happy National Day of the American Cowboy! I am proud to be a sponsor of this Senate resolution. Started in 2005 by Wyoming’s own U.S. Senator Craig Thomas, this day traditionally coincides each year with Cheyenne Frontier Days.pic.twitter.com/RNLuF9dnZq It is only appropriate that one of the clearest displays of bipartisanship in the 115th Congress would be in support of our workforce and the students preparing to join it.  pic.twitter.com/bLICeYXM1u It might not have had the controversy needed to make the news, but Congress passed a huge bipartisan accomplishment that will help students get the career and technical skills and knowledge they need to succeed in the workforce.  pic.twitter.com/8U029znstM The Career and technical education bill that is on its way to the president for his signature is a great bipartisan achievement. Thanks to @SenBobCasey, @SenAlexander, @PattyMurray & @IvankaTrump for their help in getting this bill passed.  pic.twitter.com/B38cZCDwFE One bill would allow pharmacists to tell patients that a drug is cheaper if they use cash instead of insurance. Another would encourage research to help treat sickle cell disease. Voted with my colleagues yesterday on the Senate health committee to pass several bipartisan bills focused on key health issues.   Thanks to @SenatorEnzi and @IvankaTrump’s strong support #PerkinsCTE is headed to @POTUS’ desk after the House passed the legislation today and the Senate passed the Perkins CTE Act by voice vote on Monday.  … … Thank you @SenAlexander @PattyMurray @virginiafoxx @BobbyScott @CongressmanRaja @SenatorEnzi @SenBobCasey for coming together and passing #PerkinsCTE. … I appreciate that the House acted so quickly to pass the Senate’s reauthorization of the Perkins Career and Technical Education bill. #PerkinsCTE … On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce Recent tariffs that are hurting local newspapers should be ended. Tariffs on uncoated groundwood paper and the resulting increased costs may threaten the existence of some small town newspapers. … Joined @SenJohnBarrasso & @RepLizCheney in asking the U.S. International Trade Commission to end #tariffs that hurt local #newspapers and could cost them jobs - or worse. … With a lot of bipartisan support, the Senate passed a bill last night that would help provide career and technical learning opportunities for students to gain the skills and knowledge they need to thrive.  pic.twitter.com/fDFawdJ3Cn Senate passed Perkins Career and Technical Education bill last night. Thanks to @SenatorBobCasey, @SenAlexander & @PattyMurray for their support and efforts that allowed for its overwhelming bipartisan support.  pic.twitter.com/DUk8tUwvCk Career and technical education is an increasingly important part of preparing Americans to enter and thrive in the modern workforce and this legislation will help strengthen these programs for the future.pic.twitter.com/PtTMBcC2CI It is wonderful that the Senate passed the reauthorization of the Perkins Career and Technical Education Act last night with such strong bipartisan support. … Proud of @MtnMeadowWool for being selected to represent Wyoming today at the White House’s Made in America Produce Showcase. I visited the mill in 2009 – what a great choice!pic.twitter.com/5Ry5GmvLS2 I appreciated his thoughtful answers to my questions and look forward to the Senate’s consideration of his nomination this fall.pic.twitter.com/psjWvb7AeF It was great to talk with Judge Kavanaugh about his years of experience and dedication to the judicial system. He is an extremely well qualified nominee whose prior rulings and writings demonstrate his commitment to the Constitution and the rule of law.pic.twitter.com/8iyfikvuhO Wyoming is the largest producer of #uranium and it’s important our trade policies promote a global level playing field and discourage market manipulation by foreign adversaries. … A robust domestic uranium mining industry is not only critical for national security, it’s essential for Wyoming’s economy. I applaud the Department of Commerce for initiating an investigation into whether imports of foreign uranium, especially from Russia and nations under its influence, are a national security risk.  … I wrote an op-ed with @SenDavidPerdue on why, as a government “watchdog” agency, the CFPB’s operations and funding should be subject to congressional review. … The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau pays its employees on average $50,000 more than other full-time government employees and the bureau is not subject to the congressional appropriations process. It’s time for that to change. Who watches the ‘watchdog?’ It’s time for accountability for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. My op-ed w/ @SenDavidPerdue → … BREAKING - @BudgetGOP Chairman @SenatorEnzi & @housebudgetGOP Chairman @rep_stevewomack Urge Conference Committee to Prioritize #Veterans within Existing Spending Limits   … Afterward, I toured Saratoga’s rapidly growing Shively Field Airport to learn more about newly installed technology and challenges the airport is facing. It was wonderful to attend the Hotel Wolf’s 125th anniversary in Saratoga on Friday, which included horse-drawn wagons and a book signing by @cjboxauthor. It’s nice to see history being kept alive.pic.twitter.com/ug6fFDG1p2 I led a bipartisan letter with @SenSanders, @ChuckGrassley & @RonWyden asking for an investigation into the @DeptofDefense's plan to obtain IT systems capable of producing reliable information and supporting credible financial statements.   BREAKING - Bipartisan Group of Senate Budget Committee members Request Independent GAO Study of @DeptofDefense Financial IT Systems  pic.twitter.com/vfUbU6gLii It is important that we can hold employees of the IRS accountable for their actions no matter how high up the chain of command they are. Misconduct is misconduct and having the status of senior executive should not allow anyone to escape responsibility. In an effort help provide accountability and restore trust in the IRS to the American people, I cosponsored @SenatorBurr’s legislation to give the IRS commissioner clear authority to fire senior officials for misconduct or poor performance.  I voted to confirm him to his circuit judge position in 2006 and I look forward to meeting him and learning more about his record. It is interesting to see a person who clerked for Justice Kennedy nominated to replace Justice Kennedy. Everything I have read so far about Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s record since he was confirmed to the D.C. Circuit has shown him to be favorable and fair. On this day in 1890, Wyoming became the 44th state. Happy birthday to the Cowboy State!pic.twitter.com/a964qOXjuN As a former small business owner myself, I know one of the best parts of #Wyoming is the amazing local businesses that help support our communities. Congratulations to @ShattosFrontiRx in Douglas for being nominated as one of the three finalists for the Good Neighbor Pharmacy of the Year. You can vote for who you think should be the winner here:  And we remember and celebrate that we live in the greatest country in the world and reflect on what makes that true. Happy 4th of July! Today we remember that we are all Americans. We remember the sacrifices that our armed forces and veterans have made to defend our country and protect our freedoms.pic.twitter.com/MG0nltxI9r Congrats to Larry & Ruthie Cundall for receiving the Wyoming Stock Growers Environmental Stewardship Award! Their successful operation has been around for more than 100 years and is evidence that sound environmental policies and good economic practices can go hand in hand.pic.twitter.com/esOokZdlmd The Senate education committee advanced the bipartisan #PerkinsCTE Act to fund the programs that help train the skilled workers we need. Thank you @IvankaTrump and @SenatorEnzi for your leadership in updating this important law for students and adult workers.pic.twitter.com/uKzPgO38lv The farm bill passed today included a number of important provisions that would provide certainty and predictability in the coming years to help Wyoming’s agricultural community plan for the future.”  The Senate passed a farm bill today which would help Wyoming’s farmers, ranchers and rural communities.  Congratulations to Casper’s Vickie Jasmann – an inspiring individual who recently won the Jefferson Award! She has dedicated her life to serving others, including fostering more than 200 children and grocery shopping for those who can’t leave their homes.pic.twitter.com/lKyhmX4XkW #BudgetBulletin - Changes in Mandatory Programs: An Overspending Tool  -  pic.twitter.com/nc7xpdM7aZ Our budget and appropriations process is clearly in need of reform. I spoke on the Senate floor about moving to a biennial funding cycle.  pic.twitter.com/1glSN1tq7C DON'T MISS @SpeakerRyan highlighting @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi's biennial appropriations idea. Moving Congress to two-year spending cycle instead of one would allow lawmakers more time to scrutinize government spending.pic.twitter.com/yDEYbewD9l Thanks to @SpeakerRyan for promoting my #BiennialAppropriations idea. Moving Congress to a two-year appropriations cycle, instead of one, could really help us get back on track to properly fund the government.pic.twitter.com/CSjpqQy0J7 Enjoyed hearing some of the ideas at a hearing today to keep health care costs in Wyoming affordable. This included setting benchmarks that hospitals could use to create beneficial competition and promoting telemedicine in the state.  pic.twitter.com/gIVgMfvHYR As a small population state, Wyoming doesn’t have a lot of competition in the health care market to drive down costs. At a Senate health committee hearing today, I asked for creative answers to help keep our health care costs affordable.  pic.twitter.com/icM6p1NAlw In Wyoming, we understand that knives are an essential tool for folks, whether they are for hunting, ranching or for everyday use. I am hopeful that the Senate will act quickly to pass this common-sense legislation. I’m glad the Senate Commerce Committee passed my legislation w/ @RonWyden that would allow law-abiding knife owners to finally be able to travel across the country without fear of breaking the law.  …pic.twitter.com/QG8kDWNLmY ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chairman @SenatorEnzi is throwing his support behind a two-year budget and appropriations process, an option actively being considered by a joint select committee examining the budget process.  Great news that the HELP Committee voted to pass our bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, which would help the nation’s students acquire the skills needed to be successful in today’s workplace.  pic.twitter.com/NSI5JfbKDm This reauthorization is particularly important to Wyoming, where one sixth of school districts have chosen not to participate in this program because the compliance and reporting burdens have been too heavy to justify the funds they would receive.  pic.twitter.com/tXJO0qVCUe This bipartisan reauthorization by @SenatorEnzi and @SenBobCasey limits the role of the Secretary of Education and allows states to make changes that are best for their students and more closely align to the CTE programs with our workforce system and needs. Senate education committee passed legislation today to help close the workforce skills gap by updating the Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. Thanks to @IvankaTrump for her support on this important issue. #CTE  pic.twitter.com/Xoa0VJxE2z Today the Senate education committee passed a bill I helped draft w/ @SenBobCasey, @SenAlexander & @PattyMurray to strengthen career and technical education for the 21st century. #CTE  …pic.twitter.com/QukNgQSnJX It was wonderful to attend and speak at The American Legion – Department of Wyoming’s annual convention in Cheyenne on Friday. They were celebrating their 100th convention and 99th year as an organization.pic.twitter.com/xbedlbqWb2 ...Bighorn Mountains, Kemmerer Fossil Safari, National Bighorn Sheep Interpretive Center in Dubois and Pinedale’s Museum of the Mountain Man (to name just a few). Our state offers the Cody Stampede, Buffalo Bill Museum, Cheyenne Frontier Days, Yellowstone National Park, numerous dude ranches, Wind River Mountain Range, the Tetons, Thermopolis hot springs, Wyoming Dinosaur Center, fishing, wildlife, hiking... Looking to go on a road trip? Come visit the Cowboy State! Wyoming was recently named the best state for a summer road trip by Wallet Hub. With unrivaled views and some of the best gas and camping prices in the country, adventure is just a turn away.  …pic.twitter.com/DFSakDqh36 And Twitter’s great for the short take, but if you want to stay up to date, make sure to also follow me on Facebook!  pic.twitter.com/MmFn3qB57i If you want an inside look at what I am doing, make sure to follow me on Instagram! ⇒⇒⇒  pic.twitter.com/IbeAv8tjXH I am proud of all 43 Wyoming Gold Medalists for their hard work and dedication to earn this prestigious award, and I was honored to help present their medals in the Russell Senate Office Building today. I know we will continue to hear about their successes.pic.twitter.com/JvnLTBoWPT This year, 442 students across the country earned #CongressionalGoldMedals; Wyoming accounted for nearly 10 percent of those medalists. @theawardpic.twitter.com/7fdglo9xCd This is a proposal. It’s an idea.  Expressing ideas has become an invitation for malicious criticism, but our federal government is a bureaucratic mess and I’m willing to consider ways to make it better. … Great decision from #SCOTUS today in South Dakota v. Wayfair.   Win for brick-and-mortar stores  Win for local governments that rely on sales and use taxes  Closes gaping loophole in tax law that denied states right to enforce their own laws    .@SenJohnBarrasso and I welcomed 4-H students who'd traveled from all parts of Wyoming to visit Washington, D.C. The four “H’s” – head, heart, hands and health – are good words to live by.  The leadership and service skills students learn will help them throughout their future.pic.twitter.com/GKIBIvHSwj The Supreme Court’s decision today is a win for brick-and-mortar stores and state and local governments.  This issue has always been about fairness and this ruling will help local businesses, states & local governments. I'm glad the Court realized the importance of closing this gaping loophole in our tax law that denied states the right to enforce their own laws and to collect the taxes they were owed. It is a win for those brick-and-mortar stores that support our community and the state and local governments that rely on sales and use taxes to provide essential services. I applaud the Supreme Court’s decision today to allow states to collect sales & use tax from out-of-state businesses.  pic.twitter.com/LzeBaumjCl Today Secretary of Commerce Ross said a petition to provide relief from imports of foreign uranium that threaten national security should be sorted out soon. Wyoming accounts for two-thirds of all domestic uranium produced last year.  pic.twitter.com/ZJmz0IAlye I questioned Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross today about tariffs the Administration imposed that are hurting local newspapers.  pic.twitter.com/4r8N6zFskW I applaud the Department of Labor for finalizing a rule that allows small businesses to work together to get affordable health care for their employees.  pic.twitter.com/TOj03EDHTd I led Republican members of the Senate Budget Committee urging HHS Secretary Alex Azar to reduce these improper payments and ensure proper stewardship of taxpayer dollars.  There was an estimated $141 billion in government-wide improper payments last year. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) estimates that $89 billion, or 63 percent, were made within the Medicare and Medicaid programs.pic.twitter.com/3yde8WqaSv I have been working to allow small businesses to pool together to provide health insurance for their employees. Today the Department of Labor finalized a rule to do just that.  pic.twitter.com/8DdEH9jHTh Boys & Girls State are a family tradition in my house; I went to Boys State and my wife, Diana, and one of our daughters went to Girls State. I recently had the honor of speaking at the Boys State graduation ceremony in Douglas & the Girls State inauguration banquet in Cheyenne.pic.twitter.com/nuNN7qC1k5 Today the Senate passed a defense policy bill that would provide flexibility for our military to make targeted investments for the future, including at Cheyenne’s F.E. Warren Air Force Base. … Sent a letter with @SenAlexander & others to the Department of Labor urging it to issue a final rule to expand Association Health Plans to allow more small employers and sole proprietors to band together to provide health coverage at lower prices.  Today I joined 30 other senators in urging the Trump Administration to expand access to lower-cost health insurance to potentially millions of Americans.  Our flag symbolizes our hope for the future and our willingness to work together to make this world a better place for us all to live. That hope for tomorrow should unite us, guide us and help to make us one nation under God, with liberty and justice for all. Happy Flag Day!pic.twitter.com/94fDa5x2BE Joined @SenatorEnzi & @RepLizCheney in welcoming students from across #WY – including Casper, Jackson, Lander, Laramie, Pinedale, Torrington, Upton & Wheatland – to DC for National History Day. #NHD2018pic.twitter.com/1jWf8OPvCE These changes would help us better understand and be better stewards of taxpayer dollars and make our disaster and non-disaster spending more effective.  Today the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee passed two of my proposals to help improve accountability over America’s emergency management spending.pic.twitter.com/auC8kK8NVB If done right, value-based arrangements would bring the patient experience into drug pricing decisions, because they align incentives to increase patient access to drugs that are appropriate and effective for them.  At a hearing today on Trump's proposals to lower drug prices, I spoke to Sec. Azar about the potential benefits of pricing drugs based on factors like effectiveness in order to reflect their real value.pic.twitter.com/GXupeo7szB Diana & I were proud to attend a tree planting ceremony Sunday to honor Greg Schaefer, who has played an important role in Gillette and Wyo through his service to the community. Thanks to the Wyo Congressional Award members & all those who helped make this celebration possible.pic.twitter.com/W2xUJfWQHw NAFTA/trade, transportation regulations, taxes and the farm bill were some of the topics the Wyoming congressional delegation touched on in our video address to the Cattle Industry Convention and Trade Show last week.pic.twitter.com/zQlD2u7g9m Enjoyed speaking to the Wyoming Association of Broadcasters in Sheridan at their annual convention on Saturday. I was also honored to receive the Kerm Kath Friend of Broadcasting award.pic.twitter.com/kslzSLxS7t Had a video conference with the Wyo Stock Growers Association last week about how the congressional delegation is helping our state’s livestock industry, which is an essential part of our state’s economy.pic.twitter.com/ajGNKRu6uM Congress should act to expand retirement savings options for workers in the “gig economy.” More here:  pic.twitter.com/VVDTkqGRKU ICYMI - The new spending bill passed earlier this year created another fiscal cliff that Congress will need to tackle. #BudgetBulletin  …pic.twitter.com/gDE3NWs21H Check out the Senate Budget Committee’s #BudgetBulletin to learn more about why our unrestrained spending will soon create more problems.  … The new spending bill passed earlier this year created another fiscal cliff that Congress will need to tackle. And soon the government’s interest payments are projected to grow more quickly than any other major part of the budget. #BudgetBulletinpic.twitter.com/wn8gHbB84U Over the next decade, as interest rates increase and debt held by the public approaches the size of the entire U.S. economy, federal net interest payments are projected to grow more quickly than any other major part of the budget.  … #BudgetBulletinpic.twitter.com/MdzoTeKZLd I wrote about how “open multiple employer plans” could help millions of “gig” workers save for retirement.  Increasingly, people are finding work they love in the “gig economy,” like driving for Uber or Lyft. To help workers save for retirement, Congress should allow small businesses & contractors to join together to create provide pension options for workers.  This trip helped to provide a better understanding of the challenges our country and our allies face abroad. During our trip, I was moved by a unifying prayer breakfast in Kenya where the new president and opposition leader came together to reiterate their commitment to national unity and to ask each other for forgiveness after apologizing. I recently returned from a week-long congressional delegation trip to Poland, Italy, Kuwait, Afghanistan, Kenya, Rwanda, Ethiopia & Spain. I appreciated the opportunity to meet w/ our troops, military officials and country leaders to learn more about the issues in each region.pic.twitter.com/4dNrcIiFIK As more workers participate in the “gig economy,” they shouldn’t be forced to choose between flexibility & retirement security. Congress should help them save for retirement by allowing a new type of pension plan called open MEPs. Learn more in my op-ed.  Today on the 74th anniversary of #DDay, we remember the bravery and sacrifices of those soldiers who stormed the beaches of Normandy in the name of liberty.pic.twitter.com/fFkGlHdtIt Soon the U.S. Supreme Court will decide if states are allowed to collect taxes they are owed. This decision could mean finally creating a level playing field for local brick-and-mortar shops that support our communities. Find out why -  It’s time to allow states to collect the taxes they are already owed.  I wrote a bipartisan op-ed with other senators to highlight why the U.S. Supreme Court should decide in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. that states have a right to collect the sales and use taxes they are already owed.  Read my bipartisan op-ed "Supreme Court needs to recognize 21st century marketplace" with @SenatorEnzi, @SenatorDurbin and @HeidiHeitkamp in @TheHill: … Op-ed with @SenAlexander @SenatorDurbin @HeidiHeitkamp on why the Supreme Court should allow states to collect the taxes they are already owed, and which some online and remote businesses already collect.  Are you planning a trip to Washington, D.C.? My office can help! Wyoming constituents can request Capitol and White House tours and get info about museums, monuments, transportation & more. Reach out to my D.C. office or visit my website for more info.  … On this day we remember and honor the legacy of the heroes who gave their all to protect our freedoms. God bless! #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/RrFtNXBV1f I am fortunate to be able to sponsor a young adult from Wyoming to serve as a Senate page. Any interested high school rising juniors should apply by June 14. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity! … Know a Wyoming high school student entering their junior year who’d be interested in being a Senate page this fall semester in DC? Have them apply by June 14. … Congratulations to Riverton resident Ruby Calvert on being confirmed today by the Senate to be a member of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. I have known her for many years. She has the experience and the passion to serve Wyoming & the nation well. … Rural hospitals, like many of those found in Wyoming, face challenges different from medical facilities found in urban areas. Today the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing to explore ways to address these challenges and differences to improve health care in rural areas.pic.twitter.com/5ZU8VFn2kL Glad @realDonaldTrump signed legislation today to provide common sense regulatory relief for the local banks and credit unions that support our communities in #Wyoming. … Called on the Trump Administration to enforce the existing laws and protections that make it illegal for states to withhold funding based on an organization’s moral objections.  The Trump Administration should take action to protect faith-based organizations that are losing federal funding because of their religious beliefs.  This bill would improve that situation, but we also must acknowledge that borrowing more money to pay for this program is not an ideal way to honor our veterans or help them in the future. Glad the Senate passed legislation to help improve the Department of Veterans Affairs. Wyoming has a lot of problems with the VA paying providers back for service, which can impact our veterans.  pic.twitter.com/MvEBlnfgK4 Led a letter to President Trump with @MikeKellyPA and 78 other members to ensure the government protects faith-based organizations that provide child welfare services from losing federal funding because of their religious faith.  The #GAO report doesn’t just highlight problems – it suggests solutions. I hope Congress can work together to advance solutions to the issues identified in this report. Held a Budget Committee hearing on the GAO’s annual report focused on additional opportunities to reduce fragmentation, overlap & duplication in the federal gov’t.  pic.twitter.com/fRjFM3nKey OVERLAP - Each year @USGAO calls attention to the numerous examples of inefficiency and redundancy across the government. In 2016, 13 federal agencies spent approximately $3 billion on 163 different STEM education programs.  pic.twitter.com/bWzezbYUR4 ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi: Increased Fiscal #Oversight is Needed for Govt. Programs, Agencies and Activities  …pic.twitter.com/xtwXVdEXHp Wyoming has many small businesses that contract with the Department of Defense and ensuring that they receive their payments promptly for their work seems like a common sense decision. Introduced a bill today to do just that. … NEW: @SenatorCardin and @SenatorEnzi announce plan to speed payments to #smallbiz doing business w/ @DeptofDefense to 15 days. "When a contractor delivers a product or completes a job for the gov't, they should be paid on time." … Introduced bill with @SenatorCardin to speed payments to small contractors doing business with the federal government. … TOMORROW - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing focused on @USGAO's annual report to reduce duplication and overlap in the federal government.  … …   … … 17 yrs ago, I met w/ the Buss family. Last week, I met w/ them again. Jarek is a U.S State Dept Pickering Fellow & recently graduated w/ a master’s degree in national security. It was great to talk about his accomplishments and to look back at the last photo we took together.pic.twitter.com/dxO9qQIdwO This annual observance honors their service and the countless sacrifices they have made over the years on our behalf. God bless all of our service members and their families not just today, but every day. Today is Armed Forces Day – a day to pay tribute to the men and women who serve our country in all branches of the military.pic.twitter.com/exQkNTHLjR More than 2,000 museums have teamed up to provide free museum admission to active duty military personnel from Memorial Day to Labor Day, including several museums throughout Wyoming. Find out more here: … Wyoming is one of the few states without a VA National Cemetery, so I am proud that Congress was able to pass this legislation to ensure we are working to provide a resting place for our veterans. I am glad that the bill I cosponsored to double the size of the Black Hills National Cemetery is headed to @realDonaldTrump today for his signature. … SAVE THE DATE - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing May 23 on @USGAO's annual report to reduce duplication and overlap in the federal government.  …  … The first Senate page was a nine-year-old boy appointed by Sen. Daniel Webster in 1829. The Senate Page Program looks a little different today – pages are high school juniors from all 50 states. Each session, I host a pizza or ice cream party to thank them for their hard work.pic.twitter.com/smWFtK8iKb Lt. Mark Lamont “Mont” Mecham of Green River was also honored today at the 37th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service in D.C. after passing away last year as a result of health complications from being shot 20 years ago in the line of duty. #NationalPoliceWeek We also remember & honor those officers who lost their lives in the line of duty and pray for those who are still fighting to recover, including Casper police officer Jacob Carlson who remains in the hospital after being shot multiple times earlier this month. #NationalPoliceWeek I am proud to have cosponsored a resolution designating this week as #NationalPoliceWeek. It is a time to commemorate and thank all the courageous officers and law enforcement officials who serve and protect our communities.pic.twitter.com/aCllumBOYO Calling Wyoming college students and recent graduates! Have you thought about what you are doing in the fall? We are looking for our fall interns. The application deadline is June 7. More information and applications can be found here:  … Happy #MothersDay! My office statements of principle are what my mother taught me. “Do what is right. Do your best. Treat others as they wish to be treated.”pic.twitter.com/PSfHwNCwS2 Last week, Diana and I toured Brain Chemistry Labs, a Jackson-based nonprofit research institute designed to discover new cures for serious illnesses. It was great to see firsthand the important research this facility is doing. @IEM_ethnomedpic.twitter.com/HoGUGc7YYl BREAKING NEWS: Senate Budget Committee Chairman @SenatorEnzi Files Topline Numbers to Establish FY 19 Senate #Budget Framework and Enforcement  …pic.twitter.com/5ebcbQfvvg It was great to attend a mine blast viewing at Arch Coal’s Black Thunder Mine in Campbell County on Friday. Wyoming’s mining industry is a pillar of our economy, and I appreciate the work these companies do to create jobs and provide reliable and affordable #energy.pic.twitter.com/q814MKGdOm The national unemployment rate has fallen to one of the lowest rates in more than a decade. The economy is growing & Americans are benefiting. Since Congress passed the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, hundreds of thousands of new jobs have been created. Tax reform is working for America.pic.twitter.com/vLY9iqBFQt Thinking about applying for an internship this fall? We have a great internship opportunities in my D.C. office that run from September 5th- December 21st. Apply here today!  … Congratulations to Torrington’s Logan Grosz and Gillette’s Seamus Casey for earning Prudential Spirit of Community Awards! This program recognizes young people for outstanding volunteer service. #PruSpirit2018  … Interested in being an intern for the United States Senate? Looking to bring a little bit of Wyoming to Washington? Then apply for a fall internship in my D.C. office or on the Senate Budget Committee before June 7!  … Communities in Wyoming rely on small businesses to create jobs and ensure that our towns remain as vibrant tomorrow as they are today. I cosponsored a Senate resolution to declare this week National #SmallBusinessWeek.pic.twitter.com/cC1ewDfZR5 Have you ever wanted to be a part of the legislative process? Apply for an internship in my D.C. office or on the Senate Budget Committee! This internship provides a unique opportunity to participate directly in the legislative process. Apply by June 7.  … Congratulations to Torrington’s Pat Novak on being named Wyoming’s #MotherOfTheYear by @AmericanMothers! This award is an outstanding recognition of her talents, abilities and hard work.  …pic.twitter.com/3nAcpbO4DW I was pleased to celebrate the 169 Wyoming Congressional Award medalists at the Cheyenne Civic Center. These students recorded close to 98,000 hours of volunteer service. None of the recipients have been “given” the awards – they have earned them. … I applaud the Senate for voting to stop the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating the auto lending industry despite explicit prohibitions against the bureau interfering. … While the CFPB needs a lot more checks and balances, I am glad the Senate took action today to at least enforce the restrictions that the bureau should already abide by. … It’s time the Supreme Court levels the playing field for brick-and-mortar businesses and states.  pic.twitter.com/nRfP11exoD States deserve the right to collect the taxes they are owed and businesses deserve to compete on a level playing field. That is why the court should use South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. to overturn its previous ruling on the issue.  This #TaxDay we are saying goodbye to the old, outdated tax code. Thanks to #taxreform, after today we will move forward with our new tax code that puts families first and gives Americans more financial freedom.  …pic.twitter.com/5fCo0j4AfX That ruling stopped states from collecting taxes they are owed and put many main street retailers at a disadvantage. … After attending the U.S. Supreme Court today to hear the arguments in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., I called on the court to overturn its earlier decision which barred states from collecting sales and use tax from remote sellers. What I heard from officials in a recent meeting has led me to believe they’re hearing us and that’s a positive step. … .@SenJohnBarrasso, @RepLizCheney and I each get requests from veterans who want help with their health care. We want to make sure their concerns do not fall on deaf ears and to ultimately get the problems resolved. Today the Wyo delegation sent a letter to Vice President Pence urging him to prioritize eliminating Japan’s tariff on U.S. soda ash. This would help U.S. soda ash exports to compete more fairly in Japan. … The families of this country are fortunate he chose to serve and, at the end of his term, his own family will be fortunate to have him back. Family is so important and I appreciate this example. I thank @SpeakerRyan for his many years of service to this country. He continues to show integrity, intelligence and humility during his leadership.pic.twitter.com/Wil6lUBKOx This spending and interest on our debt will soon consume all the taxes and revenues the federal government collects. That’s before one dollar goes to national defense or our other priorities. Congress must come to terms with this overspending. Automatic spending programs like Social Security & Medicare are growing disproportionally to their revenue and outpacing the economy. More here:  pic.twitter.com/GerXQgWFKQ If we want to actually get things done, we need to do more than just paperwork. That is why I applaud the Trump Admin for establishing a coordinated & timely process for federal agencies to complete environmental reviews of major infrastructure projects.  TOMORROW: @BudgetGOP Committee Will Hold Hearing on @USCBO's Budget and Economic Outlook at 1030am  … … It’s $21 trillion now and unfortunately our inclination is still to increase spending. That was the problem then and it is a problem now – not the tax cut. We need to prioritize and get the most out of the dollars we do spend. (3/3) I’ve heard some critics say the same thing now about our new tax law. That reminds me of another quote from President Reagan. “We don’t have a trillion-dollar debt because we haven’t taxed enough; we have a trillion-dollar debt because we spend too much.” (2/3) “I know you have been told by some that we should do away with the tax cuts in order to reduce the deficit. That’s like trying to pull a game out in the fourth quarter by punting on third down.” Ronald Reagan said that in 1982. (1/3)pic.twitter.com/EegfTjaH5r I applaud the announcement by President Trump to nominate Riverton resident Ruby Calvert to be a member of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Experience is an asset not easily or quickly gained and Ruby has it in abundance. She’s a very fine choice. … SAVE THE DATE - @BudgetGOP will hold a hearing on @USCBO's Budget and Economic Outlook for Fiscal Years 2018-2028, Wednesday, April 11 at 1030am.  … … As the former mayor of Gillette, I helped these mines get permitted and know firsthand their pristine environmental track record and the benefits they bring to the community. Today I toured Black Thunder Coal Mine in Campbell County with @EPAScottPruitt and @SenJohnBarrasso. I am glad we now have an Administration that is willing to work with our nation’s energy producers.pic.twitter.com/bbdaBUZpVq It was great to visit with Thunder Basin High School students participating in @SIFMAFoundation’s 2018 #StockMarketGame #CapitolHillChallenge. I’m happy to see students learning about the importance of saving and investing.pic.twitter.com/YCi1lh8Ld9 As an alumnus of the George Washington University accounting program, I was pleased to participate in the @GWSB Accounting Advisory Council’s distinguished speaker series and discuss the importance of my education before and after reaching the Senate.  … ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chairman @SenatorEnzi Continues Work to Streamline Early #Education Programs   …pic.twitter.com/RJUa1MKhNZ Spoke at the EPA’s listening session in Gillette on the proposed repeal of the Clean Power Plan. I hope the EPA carefully considers the opinions of the Wyomingites here today and the positive impacts repealing this rule would have on Wyoming’s communities.  pic.twitter.com/GceNFWEtHz Congratulations to Shannon Hill, a physical education teacher at Thermopolis Middle School, for receiving the #MilkenAward!pic.twitter.com/8x5KA9KFZH At a Senate Budget Committee hearing today, I highlighted how Congress and the White House must work together on pro-growth economic and trade policies.  pic.twitter.com/mrPsxm2yNC Looks like Washington, D.C. is having a #Wyoming spring today.pic.twitter.com/tC4msNCgi0 “To keep our economy moving in the right direction, we need to continue working together on pro-growth policies. These efforts are helping American workers, small businesses, and families.” - @BudgetGOP chair @SenatorEnzi  …pic.twitter.com/ShJk8MDpkZ Today we celebrate Wyoming’s ranchers and farmers. Happy #NationalAgricultureDay!pic.twitter.com/pmK7DWXLT7 Some of our Airmen had the opportunity to meet Senators Cortez-Masto, Cornyn, Boozman, and Enzi today! Great job representing the Installation! @NellisAFB @Creech_AFBpic.twitter.com/MLUv1UwJep Federal housing programs are a complicated maze of billions of dollars. It’s time we review the programs so less money is going to administration costs and more of it is getting to those who need it.  …pic.twitter.com/CyAM2maVar Reforms done right to our federal housing programs could lead to less money going to overhead costs and more to providing actual assistance to those Americans most in need. More than 20 different government entities administer more than 160 different federal housing programs. I sent a letter asking for officials to identify duplication and overlap in federal housing assistance programs. … NEWS - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi Presses Federal IG Offices for @USDA @HUDgov @DeptVetAffairs and @USTreasury on Housing Duplication and Overlap  …pic.twitter.com/TJVSifntX3 The Dodd-Frank reform bill passed by the Senate today would help small businesses grow and expand in Wyoming by targeting relief to small community financial institutions that are struggling under unfair regulatory demands. #Relief4MainStreet  The Senate passed bipartisan legislation today that will help community banks and credit unions invest in Wyoming. #Relief4MainStreet  The timely consideration of this project is vital to our state, local communities and the energy security of the entire nation. The BLM estimates that the project would bring approximately 8,000 new jobs to our state and up to $28 billion in revenue and economic activity. The Wyoming delegation sent a letter urging the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) to finalize its environmental review process of the Converse County Oil and Gas Project as quickly as possible. @SenJohnBarrasso @RepLizCheney … SAVE THE DATE - @BudgetGOP to hold hearing March 21 on the Economic Report of the @POTUS. Testifying will be Council of Economic Advisers Chair Kevin Hassett.  …pic.twitter.com/5borlazPC6 For folks in Wyoming and across the country, tax reform has meant more money in their paychecks. What does it mean to you? Tell us your story by clicking on the link.   Congrats to Wyoming’s @SenateYouth delegates! Gillette’s Thomas Lubnau and Powell’s Hattie Pimentel spent a week representing our state in Washington, DC and experiencing government firsthand. They are both impressive students with bright futures. #USSYPpic.twitter.com/aaBFsiJwaZ March is Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month. I sponsored a resolution to bring greater awareness to this common disease. As the husband of a colorectal cancer survivor, I know the disease is easier to treat at early stages. Be sure to get screened – it could save your life.pic.twitter.com/AAJqRoN6oy Many CFPB employees are making more than state governors, members of Congress, White House officials, the VP and Supreme Court justices. We need to bring accountability to the CFPB, and we should start with the bureau’s lavish spending on employee salaries. I introduced an amendment that would require the CFPB to keep employees’ salaries in line with the regular government pay scale.  pic.twitter.com/2jaZI7AMtg Today we celebrate March 7th (3/07) as 307 Day! Wyoming is often referred to as a small town with long roads. If you are a proud “307” resident, celebrate and post one of your favorite photos of the Cowboy State! #HatTip @WyomingTourism #ThatsWYpic.twitter.com/GA0iCZH2n4 An audit of the Pentagon will empower managers to make better decisions. It is crucial to our nation’s defense and to ensuring that we spend America's tax dollars wisely.  It is critical that rebuilding the military and reforming the way the Pentagon does business go hand in hand. I held a hearing focused on the DoD’s ongoing audit & business operations reform at the Pentagon.pic.twitter.com/nB9kE9ggGg “Managing the #Pentagon is a difficult task.  But it is crucial to our nation’s defense and to ensuring that we spend Americans’ tax dollars wisely.” - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi  …pic.twitter.com/jAYya7jz48 ICYMI - @SenatorEnzi - Chairman of the @BudgetGOP says its crucial to rebuild the military and reform Pentagon business operations  …pic.twitter.com/yQ1mEhU3Kt Online retailers should not have an unfair advantage over hardworking small businesses on Main Street. It’s time to level the playing field to protect small businesses. I submitted an amicus brief w/ others to the U.S. Supreme Court urging them to overturn a 25 year-old case determining whether states can require out-of-state businesses like online vendors to collect and remit state sales and use taxes. … My bill would take the idea of Health Savings Accounts, but provide more flexibility for employees who work for small businesses. I introduced legislation to create a new kind of savings account for small businesses & employees to help cover health care costs. … TOMORROW at 1030am - @BudgetGOP hearing on @DeptofDefense Audit and Business Operations Reform at the #Pentagon  …pic.twitter.com/Sq5ZnTUvZJ As an Eagle Scout myself, it was amazing to meet and hear about the great accomplishments the young people in attendance had achieved. More here:  It was great to be part of the 2018 Boy Scout’s Report to the Nation event on Capitol Hill earlier this week. Thanks to @PeteSessions for organizing the event and to @SecretaryZinke and others for attending.pic.twitter.com/zbUCarxXKC The sweeping changes in the tax reform law mean more money in people’s paychecks. The IRS released an online calculator to make sure that employers are withholding the right amount of money from your paycheck. Check it out.  … Happy birthday to Yellowstone, our country’s first national park!pic.twitter.com/1Zf9JYYb24 The proof is in the paycheck. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/h6LINNDpAQ I also cosponsored a resolution the Senate passed to honor Rev. Graham’s life.  … I was honored to attend the ceremony in the U.S. Capitol earlier today for Rev. Billy Graham. Through his spiritual leadership and wisdom, Rev. Graham lived a truly unique and remarkable life, inspiring unity and hope around the world.pic.twitter.com/q4dHius7mc OVERSIGHT - @BudgetGOP to hold hearing March 7 on @DeptofDefense's ongoing Audit and Business Operations Reform at the #Pentagon  … …pic.twitter.com/SdJe5CiLjj It was great to visit the Wyoming State Legislature earlier this month. Legislators are completing their budget session. I am always impressed by their diligence and how much they achieve during the budget process in so little time.pic.twitter.com/PEJffvws4n @SenatorEnzi addressed the Wyoming Legislature this morning. #wylegpic.twitter.com/Bjji0gXtzw This year’s GRO-Biz Conference & Idea Expo was another success. It was great to talk with some wonderful Wyoming businesses at the event, where folks can offer their products or services to the gov’t & learn about the resources available for entrepreneurs and businesses owners.pic.twitter.com/2zB4bEm9Ft Are you a high school student interested in learning how the U.S. Senate works? Apply for a summer session of the U.S. Senate Page program.  … @SenatorEnzi is speaking to the #GROBIZ2018 crowd, "Wyoming is the best place to start a small business" #GoWyo BREAKING - @BudgetGOP chairman @SenatorEnzi pushes @DeptofDefense Sec. Mattis on #Pentagon audit … Increased economic engagement w/ the eleven nations in the TPP could substantially improve the competitiveness of U.S. businesses, support millions of U.S. jobs, increase U.S. exports, increase wages, unleash America’s energy potential & benefit consumers. Sent a letter with colleagues urging @POTUS to re-engage in the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade negotiations.  I applaud @USDA for announcing the selection of priority areas to address trail maintenance backlog in our national forests. This follows requirements in the National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act, which I led in the Senate. … Having trouble with your taxes? The IRS identifies many resources to help with tax returns. Find out if you qualify for free assistance.  … ICYMI - via @ReutersPolitics U.S. @SenatorEnzi questions @FEMA over Puerto Rico contracts  To help individuals with tax returns, the IRS has identified resources on its website. According to the IRS, qualifying taxpayers can receive free assistance, such as electronic filing and IRS-certified counseling. Learn more here: … I sent a letter to the @FEMA administrator requesting more information about disaster relief contracts.  According to reports, @FEMA awarded a company a $156M contract to provide 30M meals to victims in Puerto Rico but only provided 50,000. Instances like this give the impression that FEMA hasn’t properly vetted some companies & may have wasted millions of taxpayer dollars. Are you proud of your Wyoming product? Yellowstone General Stores is giving Wyoming businesses a chance to pitch their products to be sold within #Yellowstone. Registration ends March 31.   I am glad that the BLM is looking to replace its methane venting and flaring rule with requirements similar to those that were in force prior to the 2016 final rule. The regulations were unnecessary, duplicative and overly burdensome.  Our budget process is a confusing, illogical, wasteful maze of legislation and ad hoc governing. Instead of funding the federal government week-by-week or month-by-month, we must fix our broken budget process.  pic.twitter.com/IPxHgZx4cE It is also important to remember that the president’s budget is a only suggestion; Congress has the final say on spending. We must start now because one thing is clear: ignoring the tough problems today will not make them disappear, and the longer they persist, the more difficult they will be to address. It’s a tough road ahead, but I am hopeful we can find success.  Today I chaired a @BudgetGOP hearing on @POTUS’s FY 2019 budget proposal. One of my greatest concerns is our country’s national debt – a figure that now eclipses $20 trillion. To really secure our economy, we must tackle this growing problem.pic.twitter.com/swOqBMdJd9 ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi: President and Congress Must Work Together to Curb America's Rising Debt  …pic.twitter.com/dR4825bD6M OMB Director Mulvaney (@mickmulvaneyomb) testifies on #Budget2019 before @SenateBudget @budgetgop – LIVE on C-SPAN  pic.twitter.com/Nt1hzTKm1t NEWS - @BudgetGOP Chairman @SenatorEnzi's statement on @POTUS' FY 2019 #Budget Proposal  …pic.twitter.com/ky2xDqYQqq Kelly Walsh High School (Casper, WY) won their regional Science Bowl event this weekend! On to National Finals this April! #NSB2018  … @KellyWalshHS As more people join the “gig economy,” Congress should work to ensure that choosing flexibility does not mean sacrificing access to retirement savings options. … The deadline to register early for the GRO-Biz Conference & Idea Expo has been extended to tomorrow. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity to grow your small business.  pic.twitter.com/VgUVazBTrI Congrats to #WY athletes Breezy Johnson, Resi Stiegler and Jaelin Kauf who will represent the U.S. at the #2018WinterOlympics. We are cheering for you!pic.twitter.com/rTauPfVT7y Another example of tax reform working for Americans: @BestBuy said it will award bonuses of $1,000 to full-time workers and $500 to part-time workers. Best Buy has a large store in Casper and a smaller store in Cheyenne. … As more employees switch from full-time employment to “gig economy” jobs, it is important that we make sure they have access to retirement savings options.pic.twitter.com/0RoBPvryFn Held a hearing in the Senate to discuss how we can help employees in the “gig economy,” such as Uber drivers, save for retirement. Thanks to Casper resident Vikki Nunn for being part of the panel.  pic.twitter.com/REi4HIrN1k I earned the rank of Eagle Scout on this day in 1957. Thanks to the National Eagle Scout Association for the reminder. I often think back to my journey to becoming an Eagle. What I learned in Scouting and becoming an Eagle continue to help guide me. What a valuable experience. 61 years ago, I earned the rank of Eagle Scout. This photo is LeRoy Bohnsack of Sheridan and me (on the right) reaching our Eagle Scout status back in 1957. I am just as proud of my Eagle Award today as I was on the day I received it.pic.twitter.com/vwPl8sXMJi Thanks to @NESABSA for congratulating me on my Eagle birthday. On this day in 1957, I became an Eagle Scout. Once an Eagle, always an Eagle. I joined @SenJohnBarrasso and others in sending a bipartisan letter to FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb regarding the current shortage of IV saline and other critical medical products.  SAVE THE DATE - @BudgetGOP will hold hearing Feb. 13 on @POTUS's FY 2019 Budget Proposal  …pic.twitter.com/qslwrZZCoh Join me at this year’s GRO-Biz Conference to get firsthand information from federal and state government agencies on how you can score a government contract for your small business.  pic.twitter.com/piXNrWLtcf This quote could also be said about government rules. That is why I have cosponsored bills such as the REINS Act, which would require Congress to approve every new major rule proposed by the executive branch before it can be implemented and enforced.pic.twitter.com/KZqQKgYjIo If you are a small business owner, you may be missing out on the multi-billion dollar market of government contracts. Attend the 2018 GRO-Biz Conference to learn more about how you can sell your product or service to the federal government. … It was great to visit Atlas Carbon and Nelson Brothers Mining Services in Gillette. I always enjoy seeing the innovative facilities and unique products and services firsthand around #Wyoming.pic.twitter.com/fGCSZAuzyf Take a look – by the numbers – at how tax reform is working for Americans.pic.twitter.com/K5cgDLqbzX Thanks to Casper resident Brad Johnson for sharing with us how the Small Business Health Plan he manages in Wyoming helps keeps prices low for its members and their employees.  pic.twitter.com/2iLMfrcQGU I held a roundtable to discuss the new Trump Admin rule designed to lower health care costs for small businesses. More here:  pic.twitter.com/duDeXHbvAz After listening to @realdonaldtrump's #SOTU address tonight, I am look forward to the next year and the continued success that we will be able to see if we keep embracing polices that put our faith in the American people. … Congrats to Buffalo’s Peter John Camino on being appointed to the American Lamb Board. #WY is ranked 4th nationally in sheep & lamb production, & Peter John has been a great voice for the industry across the country.  pic.twitter.com/HfU5T5iERg I asked Secretary Chao to keep Wyoming’s unique situation in mind when issuing waivers from the rule & to work with small operators who may struggle with implementing it. Because Wyoming is a rural state, I am concerned that the new Electronic Logging Device rule could negatively impact its small businesses and livestock industry. … Are you looking to trademark a great idea? Learn what it takes by attending an interactive session Tuesday in Cheyenne, hosted by @uspto. … If schools and employers worked together, we could ensure that workers are able to attain accredited training that would also help the business compete by ensuring they have a well-educated workforce. 2/2  At a hearing earlier today, I talked about how schools and employers could help folks by embracing innovative educational and training opportunities, such as competency- or distanced-based learning. 1/2pic.twitter.com/KCssPYlF1E Thanks to Shawn Ferguson and the rest of the team at @SpecialOlympics & Mrs. Diana Enzi! Today we explored opportunities for all youth to earn The Congressional Award. #SpecialOlympics50pic.twitter.com/U3gmN16J60 Every day, thousands of small businesses in Wyoming provide goods and services we rely on and enjoy. They support our communities by creating jobs and boosting the local economy. Click to read how the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act helps support small businesses.  …pic.twitter.com/617OHv6AIT “It is important to increase @USCBO’s transparency and ways the agency can more clearly communicate the methods, assumptions, and data that underlie its budget analyses." - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi  …pic.twitter.com/xmF3aqXa3R TODAY - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi: Important to Review @USCBO’s Efforts and Improve Agency Operations  …pic.twitter.com/PFzkJcXHId The ONSHORE Act also includes a provision I have championed in the Senate which would allow states to claim the full 50 percent of mineral royalties they are owed. States like Wyoming, with proven safety and environmental track records, can responsibly issue permits more efficiently and effectively, which would increase mineral revenue and create jobs. I introduced a bill w/ @SenJohnBarrasso that would empower states to manage oil and gas permitting and regulatory responsibilities on federal land within their borders.  Regardless of who a person blames for the recent partial government shutdown, these situations don't have to happen. We could avoid future shutdowns altogether if Congress would pass this shutdown prevention bill I’ve cosponsored with @senrobportman.  … SAVE THE DATE - @BudgetGOP to Hold Oversight Hearing of the @USCBO Office, Jan. 24, 2018.  …pic.twitter.com/iEDoh9Kj2J I hope Congress will take this opportunity to act on a bipartisan, bicameral basis to remedy the situation for states and towns and level the playing field for local businesses. (2/2) I applaud the Supreme Court for its choice to review its 25-year-old decision which has put brick-and-mortar retailers at an unfair disadvantage compared to online and out-of-state competitors who don’t have to collect sale and use taxes. (1/2)  Because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, folks will start seeing more money in their paychecks because of their new lower tax rates. Businesses across the country have already announced bonuses for more than two million Americans — and that is just the beginning. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/8bwNhtIDQ0 Our historical #TaxReform legislation is already helping put more money back in people’s pockets.pic.twitter.com/ypuIZv57kJ 41 years ago, when I was the mayor of Gillette, @The_News_Record posted this summary of my second year in office. Thanks for the great reminder in Monday’s newspaper. #tbtpic.twitter.com/K8zC9kqw5R Wyoming’s largest private employer, Walmart, just announced higher starting wages, bonuses and more benefits for employees. They have 14 stores, one distribution center and employ more than 4,500 folks across the state. This is #TaxReform at work. … I received a commitment today from President Trump’s Health and Human Services Secretary nominee to quickly review Wyoming’s pending Medicaid waiver application. It has been pending for 2 years. More here:  pic.twitter.com/AdvtNJbDVb NEWS - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi Welcomes @SenTomCotton to Budget Committee  … From passing tax reform to protecting Wyoming’s abandoned mine land money, 2017 was a busy and productive year.    …pic.twitter.com/KDRZww1Mjo I introduced a bill last year to take similar action and have been working on this issue for more than a decade. I look forward to working with the administration as the proposed rule moves through the process. I appreciate the Labor Department seeking to provide more paths for small businesses to access health care. The proposed rule could lead to small businesses being able to pool their employees across state lines to purchase health insurance. … The Christmas season is a time to count our blessings, give thanks for our good fortune and take an extra moment to appreciate the loved ones who are so dear to us.pic.twitter.com/gkL4oRyQEN For everyone celebrating, Diana and I wish you a very Merry Christmas and a happy holiday season!pic.twitter.com/DuZvIePyyb The president signed our historic #TaxReform bill today, which will put more money in people’s pockets, grow the economy, create jobs and raise wages.pic.twitter.com/l5G28Svw8j And #TaxReform lowers individual tax rates so people can keep more of their hard-earned money. And this (lengthy) list shows just some of the benefits people will see under the new bill. #TaxReform continues and expands the deduction for charitable contributions people give to their local church, charity, or community organization. Under new #TaxReform businesses offering leave for employees to care for sick child, check on elderly parent or take maternity or paternity leave would receive tax credit based on those employees’ wages. Billions of barrels of oil will be made accessible by opening non-wilderness area of ANWR for responsible energy development thanks to #TaxReform and efforts of @lisamurkowski. Tuition waivers for graduate students will remain tax free under new #TaxReform. New #TaxReform keeps current deductions for student loan interest. Homeowners mortgage-interest rate deduction still available under new #TaxReform on mortgages up to $750,000. You can still deduct state property, income and sales taxes up to $10,000 under new #TaxReform. Under new #TaxReform taxpayers with kids can claim an up to $2,000 credit for each qualifying child under 17. That’s double what it was. #TaxReform means no more penalties for folks who decide not to buy Affordable Care Act insurance because they can’t afford it. #TaxReform allows taxpayers to deduct medical expenses that exceed 7.5 percent of their adjusted gross income. Today Congress passed historic #TaxReform to help hardworking Americans and the benefits are real. The #TaxReform bill is truly about making a better future for folks in Wyoming and across the country.  pic.twitter.com/rdf0iOd6uY Today the Senate passed historic tax reform legislation to lower tax rates across the board, increase paychecks, grow the economy and help create jobs.  pic.twitter.com/Hh5Ui327TX The Senate just passed once-in-a-generation #TaxReform. We are one step closer to delivering tax cuts and much-needed relief to families across America.pic.twitter.com/wBrAMGPYnL The Senate just passed tax reform legislation to help hardworking Americans. I am confident that under this bill, people can expect to see more money in their pockets and a stronger economy.  If you care about creating jobs, growing the economy and letting folks keep more of what they earn, then you should support this tax reform bill.  pic.twitter.com/dUJ0vijIML I urge my colleagues to vote for the tax reform bill that would boost America’s economy, create more jobs and leave more money in people’s paychecks.  pic.twitter.com/u84tUnuOY3 Let’s pass this tax reform bill to make critical and long overdue changes to our tax code that will jumpstart our economy and give hardworking Americans a tax break.  pic.twitter.com/qTzn3Xikh7 I’ve always believed Wyoming communities are special. This is proven true during the holiday season. From Gillette’s Festival of Lights to Santa’s helicopter arrival in Powell, communities all over our state celebrate Christmas in their own unique ways.  pic.twitter.com/pkGA8RnFSy After years of tax reform debate and months of negotiating, Congress is closer than ever to passing meaningful tax reform that will let folks in Wyoming and across the country keep more of their hard-earned money.  Senate-House conference committee has finalized tax reform legislation. Our bill is all about giving a helping hand to those individuals and families who might be struggling to move up the economic ladder.  pic.twitter.com/hO91GxeTjc During the holidays, Diana makes special treats for our annual cookie party. With more than 200 dozen cookies, it’s our way of saying ‘thank you’ to all the Senate support staff who keep the Capitol running.pic.twitter.com/IrRjPVWGg1 This is an important day, as we take another step toward enacting historic tax reform legislation that will help boost America’s economy.  pic.twitter.com/YnHI9XasOo At the Senate-House conference committee today on tax reform, I talked about the importance of getting tax reform over the finish line to help hardworking Americans.  pic.twitter.com/u0GYrRQ1iu Physician assistants aren’t allowed to provide care under Medicare, but sometimes they would be the best option – especially in rural areas. Intro’d a bill to change the law so PAs can work with those in need.  I introduced bipartisan legislation with @SenatorCarper that would allow physician assistants to provide hospice care.  I am excited to be a member of the conference committee tasked with negotiating a final tax reform bill. I look forward to finalizing a bill that would lower taxes for hardworking Americans, grow the economy, create more jobs and modernize our tax code.  Today we remember and honor the heroes who lost their lives 76 years ago when Japan attacked #PearlHarbor.pic.twitter.com/DzOSQs5FaW The Senate’s historic tax reform bill would help boost the economy, create jobs, simplify the tax code and provide meaningful tax relief to hardworking Americans.  The Senate just passed a tax reform bill rooted in the ideal that Americans, not the federal government, know best how to spend their hard-earned money.  Congress needs to bring accountability to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the bureau’s lavish spending on employee salaries is a key example of why.  Introduced bill w/ @RepSeanDuffy to rein in CFPB’s pay structure.  pic.twitter.com/Wbe1Ibbgev $2,200 more in the pockets of middle-class families is $2,200 more to invest in a child’s future, save for retirement, or make ends meet.  #taxreformpic.twitter.com/qbkIIsNyFS The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was born of politics and is shielded from accountability to the public.  We need to change that.  I was pleased to join Sen. @BenSasse and others in making this clear. … Our tax plan is an investment in hardworking Americans – one that would produce a stronger and more competitive American economy. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/EswXKjIm2E We are one step closer to passing tax reform that strengthens economy, country. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/Pw6AySt50B Congress is one step closer to passing concrete reforms to the broken U.S. tax code as the full Senate took up consideration of tax reform legislation earlier today. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/5dU2Ne2tmX "An open letter to Congress signed by 137 economists supporting GOP tax reform bill" via @CNBC  …pic.twitter.com/WWpYAdcnas The Tax Cuts & Jobs Act will raise incomes, add jobs and boost economic growth – it will not hurt the poor as some claim. #TaxReform  BREAKING NEWS - Senate Budget Committee Reports FY 2018 Budget Reconciliation Legislation focused on #TaxReform  …pic.twitter.com/Wo5eg7PBsP The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will now head to the Senate floor for an open amendment process. Hats off to Chairman @SenatorEnzi's @BudgetGOP for advancing the bill. #taxreformpic.twitter.com/Hai2GMv7Bp The reality is that the American family is going to owe less money to Uncle Sam. Check out this video from @GOPSenFinance on how #TaxReform will help you:  Small, locally-owned businesses are an integral part of our communities, so let’s get out there and show our appreciation. #ShopSmall  pic.twitter.com/ouMh8uaSg4 Tucked between Black Friday and Cyber Monday is one of the most important shopping days of the year: Small Business Saturday. #ShopSmall  pic.twitter.com/fHCts24ZS4 Our ties to home grow stronger during this special time of year. Family and friends return home and people come together to celebrate the joy this holiday brings. Let us realize the ways we have been blessed and give thanks for what we have received. Happy Thanksgiving.pic.twitter.com/3beHDtEt82 If you’re planning a trip to DC, consider visiting the one-of-a-kind collection at the Museum of the Bible.  The Museum of the Bible lets folks learn about the role of the Bible in history and culture. I cosponsored a resolution that the Senate passed to recognize its grand opening.   What does the Senate tax reform bill mean for Wyoming? It means letting people keep more of what they earn.pic.twitter.com/tBfBSVfYcQ Nov 18 is National Adoption Day. Together, we can raise awareness for the children in need of supportive and loving homes.pic.twitter.com/DgaNYJFRgf Glad the Senate Finance Committee moved the tax reform proposal forward today. Tax reform is about putting more money in people’s pockets in order to grow the economy and help create jobs in Wyoming.  I applaud the Senate Finance Committee’s passage of the #TaxReform bill to help provide tax relief across every tax bracket.  Glad Senate passed the 2018 NDAA bill which would help strengthen our country’s national security. Would authorize a troop pay raise and construction funds for improvements at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne. Now goes to @realDonaldTrump to sign. The Congressional Award is celebrating its 38th anniversary. Created by Wyoming Senator Malcolm Wallop, this important program encourages youths to think about their future and apply their unique skills to their communities. Learn more at  . #CAF38pic.twitter.com/3nrNiSWTp2 People shouldn’t have to worry about being fined by the government because they can’t afford to buy health insurance. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/RqVMeXCsiN Repealing the individual mandate wouldn’t kick anyone off their insurance according to the independent Joint Committee on Taxation.pic.twitter.com/lDHRavKIU0 Repealing the individual mandate tax is about letting people make their own choices without the “help” of the federal government. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/XYkLcHcXiv Independent analysis of the Senate tax proposal show it would provide tax breaks for all tax brackets & increase jobs and wages in Wyoming.pic.twitter.com/PdbX2cr638 It's easier to kill a bill than pass it. I hope committee members will offer improvements to the Senate tax bill, not just criticize.pic.twitter.com/9Xq7iSdG9X Every business has a story. I would like to hear them. Do you know of a Wyoming business with unique signs or personal stories you would be willing to share? Let me know.pic.twitter.com/k9WdKsNslK Tax reform is about simplifying an outdated and messy tax code that hasn’t been updated since 1986.pic.twitter.com/FeqKH7ZsU1 Over 300 amendments have been filed in committee on the Senate #TaxReform plan & eventually every senator will be able to offer changes.pic.twitter.com/01pnXLkad2 #TaxReform is about putting more money back in people’s pockets to create more jobs, grow the economy and help hardworking Americans.pic.twitter.com/hdIK72aoUV Great to see folks in Wyoming gathering to pay tribute to our veterans over the weekend at Sage Elementary in Rock Springs and the Veteran’s Freedom Run in Green River.pic.twitter.com/Hq2mAvGEf7 Our communities, throughout our state and all across the country are better places for us to live because of our veterans. #VeteransDaypic.twitter.com/YiDjCz0Jm1 This Veterans Day, remember to thank a veteran for what we have received from their efforts.pic.twitter.com/HpuSGG2pDm Meaningful #TaxReform will not only simplify our taxes, but help grow the economy, create more jobs and raise wages. … The Senate Finance Committee released a #TaxReform proposal today to help boost America’s economy, create more jobs and leave more money in people’s paychecks.  A lot of things have changed since 1986, but unfortunately our tax code isn’t one of them. #TaxReform Finance Committee Republicans are ready to deliver #TaxReform that will create more jobs, increase paychecks and make the tax code fairer for hard-working, middle-class American families. Here’s a look at what they’re saying:pic.twitter.com/TuZfUErVt2 Why are we working on tax reform? To put more money in the pockets of folks across the country.pic.twitter.com/Nr4rXQcxoa Why tax reform?pic.twitter.com/lVSClm55Kk WATCH: @CharlesSauer travels to Wyoming for @SenatorEnzi's #Inventor Conference  … #innovation #patentsmatter I’m pleased to see Wyoming rated the “friendliest” state in the country for small businesses! Just one more reason to love our great state.  When the system fails those who never failed us, trust degrades. We can do better than this.  pic.twitter.com/lbUQJtrzPf The consequences of the poorly-run VA Choice program are ultimately borne by our veterans. It is imperative that we improve the program. I continue to hear stories about veterans who can’t get care under VA Choice, and providers who can’t get paid.  I spoke on the Senate floor about the need to help our veterans. We must improve the Veterans Choice Program.pic.twitter.com/YDQL3XFbzg Burdening our energy industry seemed to be a major focus of the last Administration, and it hit Wyoming hard. It’s good to see this change.   BREAKING - House approves Senate's FY 2018 #Budget - paving the way for historic #TaxReform -  … Many of us in Congress have already been helping our energy sector to break free and we’ll continue. I appreciate the Department of Interior’s review of actions that could needlessly burden energy production.  Yesterday the Senate reversed a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau rule that would have benefited trial lawyers more than consumers.  Glad the nominee to be the next Commissioner of U.S. Customs & Border Protection has pledged to enforce sugar trade agreement w/ Mexico.pic.twitter.com/RXVsOFwcu5 More info here:  Received commitments from U.S. Customs & Border Protection nominee on Wyoming issues w/ Casper’s airport & sugar trade deal.pic.twitter.com/ppGHMEssTh Big thanks to @DevelopGoshenWY for their help with the Inventors Conference on Saturday.pic.twitter.com/SgQPa1WER1 It was also great to stop by The Bread Doctor in Torrington. They feature their own inventions - but with flour, eggs and butter.pic.twitter.com/vF1cASi5ue Another successful Inventors Conference over the weekend. Speakers were informative & set great examples for Wyoming inventors.pic.twitter.com/OtG305Pu4h @SenatorEnzi kicks off the Inventor's Conference at @EasternWyoming today with our very own Ashley Harpstreith is the MC! #bigland #openmindpic.twitter.com/ucu8xzwb90 Thanks to Senate colleagues for cooperating on the budget and helping us pass it in an open and quick process.pic.twitter.com/qFE2XYg58j I appreciate that this year’s Senate budget was civil and that senators from both sides offered relevant amendments to the budget, not “gotcha” political amendments. The budget will allow the Senate Finance Committee to finalize a tax plan that could help all income brackets by investing more in people. We did it. The Senate passed a budget resolution last night after a more open, honest and transparent process.pic.twitter.com/12PPoT2H2d The #Senate has passed the 2018 #Budget. Thank you @SenatorEnzi & @BudgetGOP for all of your hard work. Now it's time for #TaxReform.pic.twitter.com/JCi6zb4J5d The Senate Republicans just passed a budget that will open the door for tax reform to revitalize the American economy.pic.twitter.com/UGsBvqCjAS BREAKING - Senate Approves FY 2018 #Budget Resolution Clearing the Way for #TaxReform  …pic.twitter.com/OP4KXcNMv2 Talk about a swamp - our economy has been in stagnant growth for 8 years. Our budget would allow us to improve the tax code. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/iRXFiVTLsU The budget we are considering now would allow us the opportunity to declutter our tax code, make it simpler.  It certainly needs to be improved. #TaxReform Taxes vs. Tolstoy? Sorry, Leo. The tax code is miles longer and some would even say more complex than War and Peace. #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/lKcgJs2Av9 If Congress & the Administration can adhere to this budget blueprint, we’ll be on a better fiscal track with a combination of restrained spending, reduced tax burdens and a growing economy. Our nation needs a simpler, fairer and more transparent tax system that will leave more dollars in the pockets of working families.  Senate began debating the budget blueprint today, which is the first step in providing Congress w/ tools it needs to enact tax reform.pic.twitter.com/Vbj74hrB9v "This budget reflects our belief in the American spirit." @SenatorEnzi   #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/PEHBpqVSeD BREAKING NEWS - Senate Begins Debate on FY 2018 #Budget Resolution Supporting #TaxReform to Help American Families  pic.twitter.com/zAdocsEN2O I am glad to hear the EPA wants to undo the dangerous practices of ‘sue and settle’ set under the Obama Administration.  If you're a high school junior & want a unique experience, apply to be a U.S. Senate page this spring. Don't miss out on this great opportunity.  pic.twitter.com/DYTFD3zXck It’s vital for workers to be aware of saving options & understand the importance of retirement planning.  Regardless of age, it’s never too early to look at options to provide financial security you’ll need in the future.  Introduced a resolution to designate Oct 15-21 as National Retirement Security Week.  I appreciate @realDonaldTrump taking action to provide relief to Americans struggling under the failures of Obamacare.  Action today by @realDonaldTrump is similar to my legislation to provide better health care options for employees of small businesses.  Appreciate that @realDonaldTrump's executive order today included change I have worked on to allow small businesses to join together to provide affordable health care for their employees.  Enjoy a close encounter with the outdoors @DevilsTowerNM. Pic by Lori Eckhart #Wyomingpic.twitter.com/oyIDdDJJ3I REMINDER: The deadline for Wyoming students to apply for a nomination to a U.S. Military Service Academy is one month from today – Nov 10.  It is great to see the Trump Administration taking action to roll back the unfair and poorly-named Clean Power Plan.  I join @SenJohnBarrasso & @RepLizCheney in applauding the EPA’s decision to end the Obama-era Clean Power Plan regulation.  The Clean Power Plan was a direct attack on coal. I applaud Trump Administration for proposing a new rule to end the unrealistic and unfair regulation.  Pleased Budget Committee approved '18 Budget Resolution. Would help enact tax reform & encourage policies to help WY.  It also encourages committees to act on legislation addressing forest health & wildfire prevention, state mineral revenues, soda ash royalty rates, and Payments In Lieu of Taxes – all important priorities for Wyoming. This budget is a step toward a brighter future. By allowing families and small businesses to keep more of their hard-earned dollars, they will innovate and invest in ways that will grow our economy.pic.twitter.com/9UPyOjib8S Today the Budget Committee approved the 2018 Budget Resolution focused on providing Congress w/ tools to enact tax reform to grow economy & encourage policies to help Wyoming.  LIVE NOW on @cspan - Senate Budget Committee continues its markup of the FY 2018 #Budget focused on #TaxReform  …pic.twitter.com/dEm9qpK0yP Glad to hear the BLM is proposing delaying the duplicative and harmful methane rule. Hopefully this leads to them ending the unnecessary Obama-era regulation.  Today the BLM proposed delaying the methane rule. This is good news, but eventually, they need to get rid of the rule.  Our nation needs a simpler, fairer, & more transparent tax system that will leave more $$ in the pockets of working families. @SenatorEnzipic.twitter.com/Muwl5KB2vn Congrats to Burlington Elementary School, Sheridan Junior High School and Sheridan’s Woodland Park Elementary School for being chosen as National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2017.pic.twitter.com/d8W5yZcE68 SAVE THE DATE: Senate Budget Committee to Mark Up FY 2018 #Budget Resolution, Oct. 4 and Oct. 5 #TaxReform  …pic.twitter.com/v2klMK0wBn Great to attend the Wyoming Buddy Walk and Veterans Memorial Plaza re-dedication ceremony in Laramie. Also spoke at the Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame Induction at the Casper Events Center.pic.twitter.com/cydcS1QswV A senseless act of violence that is difficult to comprehend. God bless the emergency service members who responded to help save lives. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their family members affected by the terrible tragedy in #LasVegas. How it’s made: Sugar from Wyoming sugar beets. Congratulations on 100 years! … BREAKING - Enzi Unveils FY 2018 #Budget Resolution Supporting Tax Reform to Help American Families #TaxReform  pic.twitter.com/AcHqWkStDc NEWS:  Senate budget unveiled … Military service academies open doors & provide experiences graduates will carry with them throughout their careers.  Each year, I’m able to nominate a select few to the U.S. military service academies. The deadline is Nov 10.  pic.twitter.com/t6xHDwTpOP The Voluntary Protection Program is a win for employers, employees & the fed gov. Time to make it permanent.  Introduced bill with @SenBennetCo to set into law a successful worker safety program.  Hard-working Americans deserve a tax system that works for everyone and will put more money in the pockets every American. Great to attend the unveiling of the tax reform framework with leaders in the House and Senate.pic.twitter.com/aUhYrkBcxK The Voluntary Protection Program has proven its worth by saving gov and businesses hundreds of millions of dollars by avoiding injuries and illness. Time to set it into law.  Tax relief helps grow economy because Americans, not the fed gov, know best how to spend their hard-earned money.  Congress needs pass meaningful tax reform that will make our tax code simpler and fairer for all Americans.  Why tax reform? Because high paychecks → business growth → more jobs → more competition → higher wages.  pic.twitter.com/JTe4uPashl America needs tax reform to jumpstart our economy.  Today my staff will be at the UW BIG Job Fair to talk about internships in my D.C. office.  … My staff will be at the UW BIG Job Fair on Wed., Sept 27 to talk about my internship program.   Speakers and inventors will share knowledge and expertise. It is free and open to the public. Hope to see you there.pic.twitter.com/fsHz3ahA1K If you’re an inventor, I encourage you to attend my Inventors Conference. Learn how to turn an idea into a reality.  Interested in an internship in my D.C. office? Learn more at the UW BIG Job Fair on Wed., Sept. 27.  … We have to continue to promote the concept of service to others. I encourage young volunteers to apply for this award. If you’ve volunteered within the past year, consider applying for the Prudential Spirit of Community Award by Nov 7.  … The world is a dangerous place and it is important that we as a nation are prepared. #NDAA  pic.twitter.com/GfVUAi7ywR Senate passed a defense bill to authorize significant resources for our military, strengthening national security.  pic.twitter.com/Ooalo1SbYl Happy 70th birthday to our outstanding @usairforce.pic.twitter.com/hz4dRBIsq0 I saw this on a coaster in Yellowstone and thought it was good advice coming from Wyoming’s state mammal.pic.twitter.com/oGmjhbhPU3 Intro'd bill to allow small businesses to work together to provide better health insurance for their employees.  pic.twitter.com/TeNgm8pbXw Introduced bill to allow small businesses to provide better health care for employees.  pic.twitter.com/64F2XYGT7z Called on Congress w/ @SenatorBurr to ensure IRS does not continue to hire employees with history of misconduct.  IRS should have to consider history of misconduct when rehiring former employees. #CommonSense  Waivers to #Obamacare could provide health care flexibility, but governors say the process takes too long.  pic.twitter.com/5BTgdR4CEH Governors indicated flexibility for states, along with less bureaucracy, could help improve our #healthcare system.  pic.twitter.com/lw48m4phGr Despite being a nation of individuals with our own stories, ambitions and plans for our lives, today we come together as one in remembrance.pic.twitter.com/Smp6vzsOhm September 11, 2001 was a day our country will never forget. The memory of the Americans who lost their lives remains.pic.twitter.com/rhfiUCKzmX I appreciated suggestions for increasing choice, especially allowing small businesses to pool together to offer better health insurance. Today was the first of four HELP Committee hearings on stabilizing the market and making health care more affordable.pic.twitter.com/uMcUexf1QO Nice to visit the Sheridan Senior Center on Monday. Enjoyed touring the center and meeting with residents over lunch.pic.twitter.com/eOBGqAJw9F Funds were raised by private donations & grants. I’m proud to see the community of Cheyenne come together and contribute to a great cause. It was a pleasure to tour Cheyenne’s new playground at Cahill Park last weekend, which was created for children of all abilities.pic.twitter.com/xpvzCbMzk8 If you’d like to help people affected by #Harvey, connect with trusted voluntary organizations by visiting:  pic.twitter.com/rnW8o2zKr1 Thanks to Wyoming’s first responders for helping people affected by #HurricaneHarvey in Texas. … Then the delegation presented Centennial Farm and Ranch Awards for owning and operating the same land in Wyoming for more than 100 years.pic.twitter.com/3l0z7uzUHA Diana and I had a wonderful time at the Wyoming State Fair parade in Douglas on Saturday.pic.twitter.com/iyxFDPUUQs I'm told the Cowboy State might see the population double from all the eclipse visitors. Make sure you are prepared.  pic.twitter.com/6OIbVdph57 After that, I attended the annual Dubois Buffalo BBQ and spoke with folks around the area.pic.twitter.com/mjcXsIT5K7 We owe so much to those who have sacrificed for our country, and this memorial stands as a reminder of that.pic.twitter.com/kKrRwCgFUF Great to celebrate the dedication of the veteran's memorial in Dubois last weekend with @RepLizCheney.pic.twitter.com/Ml5aPzl7k9 Recently traveled to many of the towns in Wyoming that will be in the path of the eclipse. Should be quite an event!  pic.twitter.com/fvvM94wpng Wyoming is on track to be one of the best places to see the upcoming solar eclipse, a once-in-a-lifetime experience.  pic.twitter.com/7bFrV6o8Uq Congratulations to Community Health Centers of Central Wyoming on their 5th anniversary in their Casper building!pic.twitter.com/TdvhDyH0Uk Great to speak at the Casper Area Chamber of Commerce State of the Nation Luncheon at the Casper Events Center yesterday.pic.twitter.com/a6ZBcEFOir Enjoyed speaking at the Petroleum Association of Wyoming (PAW) Annual Meeting & Trade Show at the Ramkota Hotel in Casper yesterday.pic.twitter.com/DAgCtx0eRv .@POTUS We should continue regulatory relief for coal industry, not create $4.5 billion subsidy for one region.  Sent letter w/ @SenJohnBarrasso & @RepLizCheney opposing proposed plan to subsidize eastern coal over western coal.  pic.twitter.com/CY2qpH2son Wyo delegation: Federal government should not pick winners and losers in coal market.  .@SenateMajLdr has tough job w/ independent-minded members fighting hard for what each thinks is right. He’s a careful & strategic leader. Proud of our work to reduce regulations and confirm Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. We should condemn those who use violence to propagate hatred, racism, or anti-Semitism in our country. Saddened by tragedy in Charlottesville. White supremacist notions, hate & violence have no place in our society. Prayers are w/ the victims. Thanks to a recently hired staff member, residents of central Wyoming have a new advocate.  Great to support Congressional Awards at the 25th Annual Wyoming Invitational with @SenJohnBarrasso.pic.twitter.com/LSgjVLhtQI Avoid scams by using these tips from the IRS.  pic.twitter.com/g2lG5Wl3bF Don’t get scammed. Know how the IRS contacts taxpayers and remember to always ask for credentials.   Glad Dept. of the @Interior repealed Obama-era energy valuation rule that would have stifled energy development.  Thanks to Wyoming’s own #Unkers and @matt_wallace7 for the signed photo. It’s always great to see Wyoming businesses getting their name out.pic.twitter.com/YG0BtWKB6p We have an important duty to keep our promise to provide healthcare to veterans. Time to improve VA Choice program.  pic.twitter.com/1SbDK190ln VA Choice can be a good resource for vets but I have heard many complaints. We can do better to improve the program.  Congress recently funded the Veterans Choice Program, but reform to improve care is still needed.  pic.twitter.com/JnTlXS7WhF I will continue working on a plan to solve our health care woes.  pic.twitter.com/DTMXNyncrx I believe we can find a way forward because there is still broad agreement that Obamacare has serious issues.  pic.twitter.com/qTsOR94kJo I'm disappointed we were unable to make more progress on health care reform, but this is not the end of the line.  pic.twitter.com/PmHoLZLCqb Today Congress passed a bill to establish new sanctions against Russia, Iran & North Korea. It's important we hold bad actors accountable. Not doing anything & accepting the #healthcare status quo is unacceptable to millions of Americans suffering under Obamacare.pic.twitter.com/AnIT0wHuxr Obamacare is not a success for millions. There are problems. It’s time to repeal and make #healthcare improvements.pic.twitter.com/ipKNjRSyGN Here is the #healthcare reality: Obamacare has put health insurance markets on the brink of collapse in many parts of the country.pic.twitter.com/QkgT7azJ6m Making #healthcare more affordable for individuals and government would help ensure a brighter fiscal future.pic.twitter.com/RPGKKFZdjI What does lack of competition in #healthcare mean? Premiums are surging for hardworking families.pic.twitter.com/qZwTXZQAqa Get Washington out of the way. Put families back in control of their #healthcare  We want to improve affordability of #healthcare; preserve access for pre-existing conditions; & strengthen #Medicaid  Obamacare has meant more government, more bureaucracy, more regulations, higher #healthcare costs, & fewer choices.  We need to rescue the millions of hard-working families trapped by the current #healthcare system.  For many Americans, the #healthcare choice is this: one or none.  I’d be more confident in us finding a #healthcare solution if there were positive suggestions from the other side.  Health care is not a simple issue, but no matter how difficult it is, we need to find a way forward.  pic.twitter.com/9l0vg67KtY The vote on the motion to proceed today provides us with an opportunity to fix our health care system.  pic.twitter.com/eoSPQAWsOU Coinciding with Cheyenne Frontier Days, National Day of the American Cowboy honors one of the greatest symbols of Wyoming.pic.twitter.com/7Iduf9yrIY Cowboys bring to life the Code of the West. Today we celebrate National Day of the American Cowboy.pic.twitter.com/gCtNQqMmi6 It may not be official this year, but I would still like to recognize today as National Day of the American Cowboy.pic.twitter.com/hBsRXE0spL Great op-ed on why we need to overturn CFPB’s new regulation which takes choice away from the consumer.  The CFPB is essentially lawmaking through regulation, taking choice away from consumers. Read column here for more.  Cosponsored a resolution to overturn an unnecessary CFPB rule that could hurt consumers. Learn more here.  No matter how difficult, we shouldn’t give up on improving health care.  pic.twitter.com/CaSk1s3BaG Fixing our health care system isn't about politics, it's about people. We shouldn't give up on making it better.  pic.twitter.com/Myxjv05QyU BREAKING #BetterCare Act Lowers Premiums & Saves Billions of Dollars  … … As an Eagle Scout, it was great to speak with Wyoming #BoyScouts at the U.S. Capitol yesterday with @SenJohnBarrasso and @RepLizCheney.pic.twitter.com/PlX8LRZaW8 Nice to visit with some of Wyoming's @boyscouts today with @senatorenzi and @RepLizCheney on the steps of the @uscapitol. #WYinDCpic.twitter.com/m2nD8GKuLL Nearly 19,600 Wyoming residents paid the Obamacare individual mandate penalty in 2014 to tune of $5.3 million. (2/2) Obamacare’s individual mandate is costing Wyoming residents millions of dollars. Senate bill would eliminate it. (1/2) Obstruction of nominations should come to an end so we can fill vacant positions & allow more people to get to work for WY and our nation.pic.twitter.com/QxiLdrsTuu Senators in the minority have delayed crucial appointments made by @POTUSpic.twitter.com/WS3HpFOkve NEWS - @USGAO Finds Eligibility Rules for Low-Income Assistance Programs “Complex” and “Burdensome” READ MORE:  … Senate health care bill revision offers increased options, help for Americans in need.  pic.twitter.com/XIc1wqe8Mi New draft, more options, better care.  pic.twitter.com/DQHxDYg9sm The journey to a better American health care system begins here.  pic.twitter.com/WacUCBzJVi Wyoming became the 44th state on July 10, 1890. Happy birthday to the Cowboy State!pic.twitter.com/wexZFjPMhL Today we celebrate Wyoming’s 127th birthday.pic.twitter.com/2L53kxehx9 On this day in 1890, President Benjamin Harrison signed Wyoming’s statehood bill.pic.twitter.com/H1peWpcrhV Happy birthday, wonderful Wyoming!pic.twitter.com/bzFZOGaM3j Mineral leasing permits should take 30 days – instead taking 257. Glad Admin is taking steps to streamline process.  pic.twitter.com/mSxWG3zen9 Glad Trump Administration is looking to streamline mineral leasing permitting process.  pic.twitter.com/o5ZcmZst2q I applaud the Dept. of Interior’s effort to streamline oil and gas permitting.  pic.twitter.com/jJsoKAPR2u Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day!pic.twitter.com/nw2NKSYUpM Happy 4th of July Wyoming!pic.twitter.com/IhAJJZJjjz Senate health care proposal would make our health care system better, but there are things it would NOT do.  pic.twitter.com/PT4fOMcmlF As Senate continues health care discussion, I point out some things our draft proposal would NOT do. #BetterCare  pic.twitter.com/tu3nf4cqOo New Senate health care draft would allow for flexibility, continued improvements. Read more from an interview I had:  pic.twitter.com/bHdoMCvTAD Glad the Trump Admin proposed a key step today to overturn the EPA’s outrageous WOTUS rule.  EPA should not have complete control over one of Wyoming’s most precious resources.  I applaud the Trump Administration’s decision to overturn the Waters of the United States rule.  Chairman @senorrinhatch says ‘robust and transparent’ effort required for tax reform:   .@SenatorEnzi willing to give health-care bill more time if deadline not met. #WyPol #Wyoming #AHCA #WyLeg  pic.twitter.com/dzhnEgvb4C Better health care means getting rid of mandates and increased taxes. #BetterCare  pic.twitter.com/TA4ScsVyil Flexibility, stability and safeguards for lower income families all part of new Senate health care bill. #BetterCare  pic.twitter.com/VjTUB7AaXY Senate solutions for health care offer #BetterCare than the status quo for Wyoming and the nation.  Here’s how:  pic.twitter.com/AgKG02jsMJ This new law brings needed accountability to the VA to help ensure our veterans receive care they deserve.  pic.twitter.com/GxA8pYtI1B President Trump signed VA accountability measure today. Pleased to have cosponsored this legislation.  pic.twitter.com/f314l6RA4F Congratulations to Casper's Jerry Knight on winning the #JeffersonAward for his unwavering commitment to community service. #WYinDCpic.twitter.com/9tDdQyZziY Grizzly bears in Yellowstone have been recovered for years, so it’s good to see management returned to state hands.  pic.twitter.com/akR2JYrCvV Pleased to see the administration recognizing the recovered status of the grizzly bear in the Yellowstone area.  pic.twitter.com/Av8lLfWDkM Senate health care plan tackles problem of skyrocketing premiums while stabilizing collapsing insurance markets.  pic.twitter.com/ISaEcHIONh Senate Republicans are proposing solutions to address the challenges to health care created by Obamacare.  pic.twitter.com/bedB46tUWp My statement on Senate health care proposal.  pic.twitter.com/FamKLDxnSo READ @BudgetGOP @SenatorEnzi's statement on proposal to provide #BetterCare for nation's hardworking families.  …pic.twitter.com/nHRNplckoW Pleased to present the Congressional Gold Medal to 24 Wyoming students today at the U.S. Capitol.  pic.twitter.com/KLYVbMcnCQ Different energy sources have different strengths and we need them all to meet our growing needs.  pic.twitter.com/HSLrt9Usjz Renewable energy sources are important and we should develop them, but not at the expense of other resources.   pic.twitter.com/fgQJ3LlKB4 No coal = no Netflix? #WarOnCoal  pic.twitter.com/tmdmHAkCAp Ranchers in Wyoming are taking advantage of technological advancements to improve efficiency and marketing.  pic.twitter.com/c0vPg78DDL Find out what Wyoming ranchers can teach you about innovation. I wrote about it here:  pic.twitter.com/G3199l6dh5 High school juniors: don’t miss out on the opportunity to be a U.S. Senate page.  pic.twitter.com/1CvD8qlUdW Students from all over Wyoming were in DC this week. They represented Casper, Jackson, Lander, Laramie, Torrington & Wheatland. #WYinDCpic.twitter.com/FdmxDsVJs8 Iran and Russia’s continued aggression is not acceptable. Senate passes new sanctions on them today.   U.S. Senate passes new bipartisan sanctions on Iran, Russia.   Our flag is symbol of liberty and justice wherever it flies around the world. #FlagDaypic.twitter.com/F1egJcyFh4 On #FlagDay we celebrate our country’s symbol that stands for freedom, liberty & justice. Every thread embodies those values.pic.twitter.com/5XjsWLV5n1 Our prayers this morning are with @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice & other victims of this terrible attack at Congressional baseball practice. It is time we free Americans from the death tax.  pic.twitter.com/Gt42r13chZ Congress must implement reductions in deficit spending & economic growth policies to put nation on a better path.  pic.twitter.com/Tuo0OpcBHT Held a committee hearing today on the president’s fiscal year 2018 budget request with Treasury Secretary Mnuchin.  pic.twitter.com/7Li2qjjoyc Secretary @stevenmnuchin1 testifies on #DebtCeiling before @senatebudget @budgetgop – LIVE online here:   pic.twitter.com/XKpBNBvWQD The chance to export beef to more than a billion people in China could make a real difference to the Cowboy state.  pic.twitter.com/HiuIWg8uzn After 13 years, China has ended its ban on U.S. beef imports. A real opportunity for Wyoming beef.  pic.twitter.com/Y4ub9HgcqP Being a page gives students a front row seat during Senate debates. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity.  pic.twitter.com/qM0y2apFsM .@lionsclubs is 100 years old! Pleased to help celebrate this notable occasion with Senate resolution this week.  pic.twitter.com/78UTM8VHAk As a Lion, I was pleased to cosponsor bipartisan resolution recognizing Lions Clubs International.  pic.twitter.com/b5ZT06I9CB Pleased to cosponsor a resolution to commemorate @LionsClubs 100th anniversary.  New fed rule limits access to financial advice. We have a better way to help people plan for retirement.   Misguided fiduciary rule will hurt the exact people it is designed to help. We have an alternative.   The fiduciary rule will make it harder for people to get financial advice. I cosponsored legislation to fix this.   If you’re going to be a high school junior & want a unique experience, apply to be a U.S. Senate page this fall.  pic.twitter.com/oXKzZXYFvv As Dept of Interior reviews federal plans on sage grouse, glad to hear Sec Zinke plans to work closely with states.  I am pleased Interior Secretary Zinke recognizes states’ role in sage grouse management.  Had a great discussion with the  #Wyoming Stock Growers Association @realranchers today with @SenatorEnzi and @RepLizCheney #WSGApic.twitter.com/RU6dO7KL8Y Was a pleasure to attend the @lionsclubs International convention in Cheyenne & receive the Melvin Jones Fellowship honor.pic.twitter.com/PNlTWT5Vqq Wonderful to attend Wyoming Boys’ State in Douglas. Always amazed by the accomplishments of Wyoming's great kids.pic.twitter.com/9cXCMjpXoP Senate passed a bill that would give Veterans Affairs secretary tools to discipline bad actors. #VAaccountability  VA accountability measure sails through Senate. Proud to cosponsor this bill. #VAaccountability  Today we remember those brave Americans who stormed the beaches 73 years ago to fight for our freedom. #DDay73pic.twitter.com/hpUHeeZc0y A lot of passports are nearing expiration, and they can take 8+ weeks to renew. Don’t wait to renew your passport.pic.twitter.com/TyM90mgB91 Some countries require travelers’ passports to have at least 6 months of validity. Renew yours early to avoid hassles.pic.twitter.com/9RRuGyVllN An ounce of prevention…don’t wait to renew your passport. My office can help, but it is harder the longer you wait.pic.twitter.com/KVaAsXZmT8 The Paris agreement demanded too much from our country while letting others off the hook. It was a bad deal.  pic.twitter.com/fa8R5kUUv0 I applaud President Trump for making the decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement.  pic.twitter.com/q32H34tPnk Yesterday celebrating water in Gillette. Today WAM gathering, and more events this weekend. Wyoming is a special place. The Madison Pipeline expands Gillette’s water sources to meet its long-term water needs. Yesterday, water flowed through for the first time.pic.twitter.com/FxwokT1pOJ It was an honor to celebrate the Madison Pipeline accomplishment in Gillette yesterday.pic.twitter.com/FzPH2SZOj2 Because of those who gave their all we are able to pursue the American dream. Let us remember & honor them.pic.twitter.com/XfGhSYNeyE All Americans owe a debt to our fallen soldiers we will never be able to fully repay. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/Jk2eS04Dts On this Memorial Day we remember and honor those who gave their all.pic.twitter.com/4olkv8dv5r My bill w @SenatorEnzi, @SenatorLeahy & @JeffFlake would lift trade embargo w Cuba, boosting US trade and helping Cuban people. Bipartisan legislation would eliminate the legal barriers to Americans doing business in Cuba.  Our strategy of isolating Cuba has not worked. I helped introduce legislation to lift the Cuba trade embargo.  pic.twitter.com/NXmHfkMb2b Introduced bipartisan legislation with @amyklobuchar to lift the Cuba trade embargo.  pic.twitter.com/zfCrFPuzro "What is Casper, Wyoming." The "Oil City" actually. Thanks @Jeopardy.pic.twitter.com/oiu56TZ966 I enjoyed taking questions and talking with students from Cokeville High School today with Senator Enzi and Senator Barrassopic.twitter.com/XjdhmzLxNR Intro’d bill with @SenatorJohnBarrasso & @RepLizCheney to protect Wyoming’s mineral royalties.  Wyo delegation introduces bill to protect mineral royalties rightfully owed to states.  The nation is in the worst fiscal shape since World War II. More info here:  pic.twitter.com/QFq2NwqWIr Some may not like how the president balanced his budget but I commend him for trying & am looking for suggestions.  pic.twitter.com/Jp2mDFAB8l “We all know that our current fiscal situation is unsustainable. We must do better.”- @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi  …pic.twitter.com/4HbNLXKUHM Though Congress ultimately decides the budget, the unveiling of the president’s budget request draws a lot of cameras.pic.twitter.com/V4Hv7BMxw0 Take a look at President Trump’s budget unveiling earlier today at the Senate Budget Committee.pic.twitter.com/gV3aKSIoQt Sgt. Shelby Atkins of the @wyoguard is being honored by the Congressional Caucus for Women’s Issues this week for her courage & achievementspic.twitter.com/8b9UnhbDnX But his budget is a suggestion. Congress ultimately will decide what the nation’s fiscal priorities will be. (2/2)  I appreciate that the president's budget balances in 10 years & looks to make gov't programs more efficient. (1/2)  I salute @wyomingtourism for answering the question "Why visit Wyoming?"pic.twitter.com/Y4RdPyvdJw My congrats to @wyomingtourism for being a finalist in the OBIE awards for their ads.pic.twitter.com/1nchLNhzGQ Congress should ensure we are using taxpayer dollars wisely to operate the government. More info here:  pic.twitter.com/TNi7EecVlp Held a committee hearing today on the importance of making the fed gov't more effective and efficient for taxpayers.  pic.twitter.com/VeMH5u75at I voted in committee today to advance bills that will bring better accountability to the regulatory process.  pic.twitter.com/u2XyfP48r7 REINS Act & Midnight Rules Relief Act move out of Senate committee. Would allow Congress to review key fed regs.  pic.twitter.com/q4VnMxeTuD If we do nothing about our debt/deficits, we’ll spend more on interest than #defense by 2027.pic.twitter.com/Ful9F4t2V3 Bills to control government regulations move forward in the Senate.  pic.twitter.com/RsgNr3P4hP ICYMI -According to @USGAO, Fed. Govt. made more than $144 Billion in improper payments in 2016... …pic.twitter.com/9qRJhg9q0w LIVE NOW: - How to Run the #Government for Less - Featuring @USCBO and @USGAO  pic.twitter.com/7nroDTG7nq Years ago I helped get the official designation for the National Museum of Wildlife Art in Wyoming.  Today the National Museum of Wildlife Art in Wyoming is celebrating its 30th anniversary.  The George Washington University President’s Medal for my friend Skip Gnehm represents a lifetime of achievements.  It was an honor to receive the Champion of Play award for dedication to education. Our children deserve the best education we can provide.pic.twitter.com/JMStkCduij Congrats to my longtime friend Skip Gnehm on receiving the GW University President’s Medal. Couldn’t be more proud.  “I think we need to be bold in getting the economy going” – Former Senator Phil Gramm at @BudgetGOP hearing today.pic.twitter.com/y9Kvgah7cv Former Senator Gramm knows that behind the government’s budget numbers is a vision for America’s future.pic.twitter.com/P5kj75ehOn Bipartisan bill would provide common-sense protection for responsible knife owners.  Former Senator Phil Gramm spoke to the @BudgetGOP Committee about balancing the budget & growing America’s economy.pic.twitter.com/PHjxrfrB13 It is time for congress to focus on policies boosting America’s economic growth.  It is difficult for responsible knife owners to know if they are violating law. Intro’d bill to provide protections.  Introduced bipartisan bill with @RonWyden to protect law-abiding knife owners.  TUNE IN - Former Senator Phil Gramm (R-TX) discusses how to grow America's #economy during @BudgetGOP hearing today:  pic.twitter.com/uyFDFFjCv8 @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi "It's time for Congress to focus on policies boosting America’s #Economic growth."  …pic.twitter.com/dwKaemzdI8 LIVE NOW on @CSPAN.org-  Hearing on Growing the #Economy with former Senator Phil Gramm (R-TX)  …pic.twitter.com/iYGs5nUy9Q TOMORROW: Former Senator Phil Gramm (R-TX) will discuss new policies to grow America's #Economy  …pic.twitter.com/bYqvJoDoK7 There are more than 7,000 teachers in Wyoming. If you see one today, remember to thank them for everything they do.pic.twitter.com/8Q5oPZRZSH Making people feel at home should always be bipartisan. Happy to continue tradition of hosting pizza night for Senate pages w/ @SenatorEnzi.pic.twitter.com/tY1Jq6Siq5 I’m told this couple is famous, but I think they were lucky to get a shot of the ladies in the background (my wife and daughter).pic.twitter.com/UXWFTlxavi Government funding bill supports programs that communities and families throughout Wyoming rely on.  Hard to craft legislation that makes everyone happy, but gov funding bill does a good job at threading the needle.  Congress passed a funding bill today that strengthens Wyoming & American priorities.  pic.twitter.com/pUyxtBbmkg Held a #budget committee hearing today on the importance of our government focusing on policies that support economic growth.pic.twitter.com/c2y205sBb0 Congress should focus on boosting private sector growth in the economy. More info:  pic.twitter.com/wc6Et7nyUu "Regulatory relief and tax reform can promote business investment and private sector growth.” -@SenatorEnzi  …pic.twitter.com/dwYjO0zE2u "We cannot spend our way out of these fiscal challenges." -@BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi  …pic.twitter.com/WV8nWHUztO "Congress and fed. govt. must focus on policies that actually promote private sector growth." - @SenatorEnzi  …pic.twitter.com/nwF4Tivt0g LIVE NOW:   @BudgetGOP Hearing on Private Sector Growth and the Economypic.twitter.com/9c1OVKIvQf REMINDER - Hearing tomorrow at 1030am on the #Economy and private sector growth.  … TUNE INpic.twitter.com/PPLQLBqJ8E Congratulations to @SenatorEnzi on his 2016 #ConservativeAchievement award! #ACURatingspic.twitter.com/9JdZ8sH1K8 My state staff is holding office hours in Laramie on May 2. Come on by.pic.twitter.com/8JnVkp6K84 WEDNESDAY - @BudgetGOP Chairman @SenatorEnzi holds Hearing Wed. at 10:30am on #Economy & Private Sector Growth.  … …pic.twitter.com/GNEeVO4LTa Hopefully the decision to suspend the Clean Power Plan lawsuit will signal the end of this destructive regulation.  Court decision to suspend Clean Power Plan is a victory for Wyoming & all those who rely on affordable energy.  Intro’d bill to help level the playing field for retail businesses that are forced to compete at a disadvantage.  It’s time to give states the right to enforce their own laws without having to get permission from Washington.  Internet fairness is about putting Main Street businesses on a level playing field with online retailers.  Introduced internet fairness legislation today w/ @SenatorDurbin @SenAlexander @SenatorHeitkamp.  Bipartisan group of senators intro'd Marketplace Fairness Act today to allow states to close sales tax loophole.  I appreciate the Trump Admin working to return control of education back to the states where it belongs.  I applaud @RealDonaldTrump for taking action to return education back to the state and local level.  I appreciate the Trump Admin taking a look at the National Antiquities Act. Some presidents have abused it.   Enjoyed visiting with students from Casper, Guernsey, Riverton, Wheatland & Worland this morning during #WyomingWednesday.pic.twitter.com/h0je9Z26tt Had a great time speaking with students from Sheridan High School and Jackson Hole High School who are visiting the nation's capital today.pic.twitter.com/JSMNzkXNki Casting for Recovery combines breast cancer education & peer support w/ fly fishing. Application deadline May 12.  pic.twitter.com/q08QQvBcwh Any woman who resides in Wyo & been diagnosed with breast cancer can apply for the Wyo Casting for Recovery retreat.  pic.twitter.com/EqfnWqaC21 Thanks to Mary Turney who wrote me about Casting for Recovery in Wyoming.  The application deadline is May 12.   pic.twitter.com/vDVM4TEiYt Wyoming has a lot to be proud of... @SenatorEnzi @SenJohnBarrasso @RepLizCheney #WYAwardpic.twitter.com/HRIGTvyc4I Got to visit REACH Medical Air Service in Cody & take a ride in their helicopter. Thanks to the REACH team for the life saving work they do.pic.twitter.com/QgQTKByPlJ Enjoyed learning more about Wyoming Completion Technology in Powell and their robotic arm, named "Minion"".pic.twitter.com/X3wLCpW7uT Enjoyed talking with agriculture partners in the Cody/Powell region.pic.twitter.com/jd7UYKV8Mt Wonderful to explore the new #Laramie High School recently. It is an impressive facility.pic.twitter.com/Nj3xm73auS Thanks to the #Laramie Airport Board for talking to me about the issues important to them.pic.twitter.com/Vyo7ipjQXz Amazing research being done on unconventional oil and gas recovery at the one of a kind High Bay Research Facility at #UWYO.pic.twitter.com/InUCKIuFhO Great to visit HollyFrontier's Cheyenne Refinery, which has been around since the 1940s & is still making improvements.pic.twitter.com/Ndi1369J5s Enjoyed visiting #Brewista in Cheyenne to see their coffee brewing products & creative homemade nut milk machine.pic.twitter.com/UbG6oCXzII Really enjoyed the info at the “Thinking Money” exhibit at the Laramie County Library. Financial literacy is a key skill.pic.twitter.com/ghMjqP6L1w After only 2 years the Wind River Job Corps Center is ranked number one in the country for job placement. #AmazingWyopic.twitter.com/UFkJEVzvqL Amazing to see how the Wind River Job Corps Center in Riverton is helping Wyo kids get great training & education.pic.twitter.com/79QMlfXR3z Enjoyed the National Weather Service Forecast Office in Riverton. Thanks to the staff for all the info.pic.twitter.com/Vo2CE9MCud Thanks to the staff at #Sinclair refinery for the educational tour of the facility. #SinclairDINOpic.twitter.com/qxdGuLemQD ICYMI - Ideas to Fix America's #BrokenBudget process   …pic.twitter.com/124LRwsISS It was great to tour the Sinclair refinery to learn about their efforts to become a world leader in safety.pic.twitter.com/3MRusk9UQT Great to learn more about the new ammonia facility at the Simplot plant in Rock Springs.pic.twitter.com/gs3Lp0Xn6m Enjoyed the tour of the new Aspen Mountain Medical Center in Rock Springs.pic.twitter.com/4wuyRZyAuM Thanks to Evanston’s Davis Middle School for the great questions from students and tour of the school.pic.twitter.com/JJy8ydqggP Thanks to the Evanston City Council and Amy Grenfell for the tour of the amazing Rail Yard Complex.pic.twitter.com/HncUXSNjkS Great to be in Evanston. Thanks to the city council, Economic Development Council and Small Business Network.pic.twitter.com/FQ1ILjmvZz Retraining resources available for people negatively impacted in Wyoming by coal industry layoffs.    WY awarded $2M grant to help laid off coal workers. Please visit workforce centers for more info.  Sent letter to Treasury to have them stop including flyers from the CFPB with official IRS mailings.  pic.twitter.com/4mbnqw0PoB The CFPB should not use the IRS as a conduit to solicit Americans’ stories about money.  pic.twitter.com/PA5TtBYh49 It was great to meet with @SenatorEnzi Thursday. We appreciate his support for VA and, most importantly, for #Veterans.pic.twitter.com/1jjOWJgWZh I wish Judge Gorsuch the best going forward and believe he will serve the American people well.  pic.twitter.com/ywPaSfPthS Judge Gorsuch is an admirable addition to the highest court in the land. #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/DPDZVKIHZC Congratulations to our newest Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch!pic.twitter.com/zMwm1i6Mre We have made considering a budget more orderly, meaningful and transparent. 3/3  Bernie Sanders and I and all the members of the Senate Budget Committee were able to do that recently. 2/3  When you find a place where interests meet, the cooperation can result in positive procedural changes. 1/3  It's time to Fix America's #BrokenBudget process - here is how we start:  …pic.twitter.com/eiXeTxs4FF Asked @realDonaldTrump to focus on human rights, security, trade & other issues when meeting Chinese President Xi.  Senate Budget Panel Adopts Bipartisan Changes in Rules $   @JenniferShuttpic.twitter.com/jgxPxgTdda Ideas to Fix America's #BrokenBudget process - LEARN MORE:  …pic.twitter.com/pa6UitGToX Gorsuch is a judge who applies laws to facts of the case & reaches conclusions that examination yields regardless of his personal beliefs.pic.twitter.com/1UqNEbpJHs Gorsuch opinions reflect respect for following the law as it is written & applying & adhering to judicial precedent.  Today I asked Dr. Gottied about access to drug treatments & biosimilars at his hearing to be head of FDA.  Gorsuch is qualified to be a member of the Supreme Court because of his steadfast commitment to the rule of law.pic.twitter.com/mVKEy8cYEv I spoke to the nominee to head FDA about access to drug treatments & the importance of biosimilars.  My state staff is holding office hours in #Wright and #Gillette on April 6. Come on by.pic.twitter.com/GPRZxePjV8 Anti-faith bias making it harder for some children to get help. Intro bill to help.  Faith-based charities work hard to find children safe, loving & permanent homes & should be encouraged not limited.  Introduced bill with Rep. @MikeKellyPA to ensure children can continue to get care from people of faith.  My state staff is holding office hours in #Newcastle and #Upton on March 31. Come on by.pic.twitter.com/TPakcD1wvF New bill would save taxpayer dollars by switching to dollar coin, modernizing currency.  pic.twitter.com/1hJOlZktTv With each new dollar we print and penny we mint we are just wasting taxpayer money.  pic.twitter.com/mJWNYICuUn My state staff is holding office hours in #Glenrock, #Douglas and #Lusk on March 30. Come on by.pic.twitter.com/F7oAmmXkMZ I introduced a bill to improve student lending transparency measures.  Intro’d bill that would provide transparency in student loans so families can be better informed about their options  Federal student loans borrowers need transparent info and federal student loan terms should be upfront.  Intro'd bill to make tax system fairer by ending arbitrary distinction that targets fraternities and sororities.  New bill would change U.S. tax code so student groups could use charitable donations to build housing.  "This is a common sense change that will make a world of difference for those affected." Check out more here.  Intro’d bill w/ @SenatorCardin so fraternities & sororities can use charitable donations to help build housing.  I have opposed CPP and coal leasing moratorium from the very start, and I am pleased to see president’s actions.  .@realDonaldTrump latest executive order is great for Wyoming and all those who rely on affordable energy.  Today President Trump issued executive order to review Clean Power Plan & the moratorium on fed coal leasing.  States, local gov't & tribes should have an opportunity to see info fed agencies use in listing #endangeredspecies.  We need an open process that relies on the best data from both fed and locals before #endangeredspecies listing.  The construction of Keystone XL pipeline is a job creator, and important for our energy security and our economy.pic.twitter.com/FbWK14qgC4 I appreciate that the Trump Administration worked quickly to approve an important permit for Keystone XL pipeline.pic.twitter.com/38BxqLKH4C After years of delays, the approval of a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline is a good sign for our country.  I spoke about equal pay during the Senate HELP Committee hearing on Alex Acosta’s nomination to be labor secretary.  pic.twitter.com/GKC5Gm4vzf I spoke about the importance of Job Corps during the hearing for Alex Acosta’s nomination to be labor secretary.  pic.twitter.com/4OADFqjOl5 Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said a committee vote is expected April 3 on Gorsuch.  