Today, the Senate Indian Affairs Committee voted to pass my legislation requiring an assessment of the Indian Health Service (IHS). This is a positive step toward making necessary changes at the agency so it can improve care for Native American citizens.  …pic.twitter.com/db3LkJe2hQ As Americans, it is time to once again recognize that we have more in common than we disagree on. … I'll be live on @WNAX today around 5:15 CT to talk about tariffs, Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation and other issues of the day. Listen online at  Congrats to Julie Marshall from Timber Lake School who was named South Dakota's Principal of the Year! Thanks to Julie for all she does to make a positive impact on the lives of our students. #POY2018 #PrincipalsAdvocatepic.twitter.com/PNn6nzhqI9 Great to see South Dakota representatives for @NAFISschools today and to talk about impact aid funding for schools in our state.pic.twitter.com/vvKb2oKCcb Our office had the opportunity to present a commemorative lapel pin to Vietnam veteran Robert Reiner today in Watertown. He served in the Army from 1966-1999. We thank him for all he’s done to serve our country. More about the pin program:  …pic.twitter.com/BlnCEyzZke Soybean Prices in SD: March 1: $9.66; COB Monday: $7.07; a market value loss of $625 million. Also significant losses for corn, wheat & livestock but not as large. While I agree w/ @POTUS on many things, we can all agree that tariffs are not good for ag in SD & across the country … Pheasant hunting is not only a season, it is a way of life. I’m looking forward to getting out in the field with friends & family this year and carrying on the tradition. … Welcome home! We’re glad to have you back safely & remain eternally grateful for your service. … South Dakota’s last Pearl Harbor survivor, Steve Warren, has passed away at the age of 97. Thankful for Steve’s service to our country. Jean and I are praying for his family. … Now, more than ever, our national defense strategy must include protecting our Armed Forces and civilian infrastructure from cyber-attacks by highly-capable adversaries. You can read my full op-ed on cybersecurity in the latest edition of the Ripon Forum: … Today, America observes #POWMIARecognitionDay to recognize the men and women in uniform who were prisoners of war (POW) and those who are missing in action (MIA), along with their families. You will never be forgotten.pic.twitter.com/k1VTWPPabd Hard to believe it's been 12 years this week since the South Dakota Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Pierre was dedicated! Here's a picture, courtesy of the South Dakota Department of Tourism, from the dedication ceremony in 2006.pic.twitter.com/HfYP0Y0tX8 I’m glad to see the admin. prioritize our nation’s cybersecurity and recognize the need for a strong deterrent that includes the use of offensive capabilities. Taking a more offensive approach to cyber-attacks will allow us to swiftly and preemptively address an imminent attack. … Monitoring the community of Sioux Falls and the surrounding area as they experience widespread flooding. Stay safe!pic.twitter.com/MzSaDUAOuD I have called on the EPA to release this data and provide greater transparency for months. This is a step in the right direction, but we still have work to do to reallocate lost gallons and allow for year-round sales of E-15. … Yesterday's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/xaDuxZrX45 With a flag that size, every day is Flag Day in Andover, South Dakota! Thank you for sharing your patriotism! … Happy 71st birthday to the @usairforce! We appreciate the service and sacrifice of all our U.S. airmen, including those stationed at Ellsworth Air Force Base @28thBombWing and the 114th Fighter Wing @SD_Guardpic.twitter.com/76GofPsFrQ With today's vote, we're continuing to make progress on our appropriations work to avoid a massive omnibus bill at the end of the month – a positive step toward making certain South Dakotans tax dollars are being spent wisely. We're accepting internship applications for spring semester 2019. Apply by Oct. 15 for internships in our DC, Pierre, Rapid City or Sioux Falls offices. More info on how to apply here:  … Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/bqnp5ZbLRg I’m pleased that we were able to pass the Opioid Crisis Response Act and I urge the president to sign it into law so those suffering from addiction can get the help they need as quickly as possible.  … The legislation we passed today takes an important step toward ending the heartbreaking issue of opioid addiction. Opioid addiction does not discriminate—it can affect men and women of all ages and of all races, in any town in the United States, including in South Dakota. On this day in 1787, delegates to the Constitutional Convention signed the Constitution. 231 years later, this document continues to provide the framework for our system of government. #ConstitutionDaypic.twitter.com/2ChhqHUxL1 Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/QFBIQxPiHF Joined @BloombergTV today to talk #HurricaneFlorence and trade.pic.twitter.com/OL90mRAeb7 This is an important step in the right direction as we in Congress develop a long-term cyber deterrent policy, particularly when it comes to protecting the integrity of our election process.  … Free & fair elections are a cornerstone of our republic. Today’s exec order draws a clear line in the sand & puts our adversaries on notice that we won't tolerate any meddling in our election process. All sanction possibilities are on the table for those attempting to interfere. Very cool. The groundbreaking research being done at @SanfordLab in Lead, SD will help us learn more about particle physics, neutrinos & the matter that makes up our universe. Tune into @HISTORY tomorrow morning. … Gig workers deserve a fair shot at the American dream. Isn’t home ownership supposed to be a part of it?   @MarkWarner and @SenatorRounds think so: … Great to see that the pro-growth economic policies we've passed continue having a positive impact. Still more work left to do to grow our workforce & expand trade, but we’ve made great strides. … We will never forget the devastating terrorist attacks on our country on #September11th. Today we honor the lives of the innocent victims & thank our first responders for putting themselves in harm's way to help save others.pic.twitter.com/kIbxxsP0XI Today's reportpic.twitter.com/0QEtuCwbg2 Honored to nominate Wes and Kimberly Roth of Summerset, SD, to be this year's Angels in Adoption. They adopted their two children Kaleb and Elsie, and give of their time to help other families looking into adoption. Read more about them here:  …pic.twitter.com/EwlV377HdW These victories are helping secure Ellsworth’s vital role in our defense strategy for generations to come. … We’ve had a number of successes, most recently an expansion of the Powder River Training Complex and the announcement that the new B-21s will be housed at Ellsworth in the coming years. Since I joined the Senate in 2015, I have had the opportunity to serve on the Armed Services Committee, where solidifying Ellsworth Air Force Base’s role as a critical component of our national defense has been a top priority for me. The expansion of the Air Force's Powder River Training Complex will help to make sure Ellsworth Air Force Base remains an integral part of the Air Force structure for the next generation. @RCJournal story: … Judge Kavanaugh has the aptitude and qualifications for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. I look forward to supporting his nomination when it comes to the floor in the coming weeks.  … Had the opportunity to visit w/ representatives from @RCChamber1 and @SFAreaAdvocate during their annual visit to DC this week. Appreciate the work they do to promote business development in our two largest metro areas. Keep up the good work!pic.twitter.com/nM29MhUxz5 I had a bet w/ @SenJoniErnst about who would win the @GoJacksFB vs. @CycloneFB game, but since it got rained out last weekend, we'll never know who won! Decided instead to swap SD-made Jack Link's beef jerky for Iowa-made Jolly Time popcorn.pic.twitter.com/IYAwK8hkJW Met with Butte County Sheriff Fred Lamphere and Moody County Sheriff Troy Wellman today. Thanks to these two for keeping our communities safe. Hope you had a great visit at the White House during your trip!pic.twitter.com/dcqZOp1EBO .@USDOT and the #FAA approved 16 grants totaling $5M to improve #airport #infrastructure across #SouthDakota, including @sfairport.   #FAAAirportGrants18pic.twitter.com/OXsuVkagzg Wednesday’s report:pic.twitter.com/rSjd5l3wj4 Great news from @bhenergy today. Due to the corporate income tax rate reduction in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, they’ve been approved by the PUC to start passing on savings to customers starting in October. #HealthyEconomy #TaxReform Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/tEkRIu1HuZ Starting today, eligible ag producers can apply for assistance to help recoup losses due to disrupted trade markets through @USDA Market Facilitation Program. More info & the application can be found on my website:  … Judge Kavanaugh's Supreme Court confirmation hearings begin today. @senjudiciary Chairman @ChuckGrassley previews what to expect: … Judge Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing begins today. #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/TeJ6m8pJ4w Country first. pic.twitter.com/jJRT0Xl1AL .@GoJacksFB takes on @CycloneFB, the alma mater of @SenJoniErnst, in the football season opener this weekend. We’ve placed a friendly wager on the game: South Dakota-made Jacks Links jerky for Iowa-made Jolly Time popcorn. Go Jacks!pic.twitter.com/5VRnc6SvGE If you'd like to monitor the Corps yourself, the data is available here:  … **Note: All of the dams along the Missouri River are now in the “Annual Flood Control & Multiple Use” stage of management. While we continue to regularly monitor the Corps management of the river, going forward we will only be posting updates three days a week. Today’s river report:pic.twitter.com/EHd96uGgvZ This weekend, we say good-bye to an American hero. Thank you, John, for dedicating your life to our country, our military & our people. It’s been a true honor to call you a friend, colleague & Chairman. May we all strive to live our lives with the same honor and courage as you.pic.twitter.com/qbHmIv4Y2j If you'd like to monitor the Corps yourself, the data is available here:  … Update on the Missouri River water levels and our reports:pic.twitter.com/QJ0IkTvBOF Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/5z3KTR8MxQ The admin's ACE rule respects the rights of states in setting energy policies. I support its goal of providing reliable, affordable, clean energy to SD families & businesses while at the same time working to protect our environment & nat resources.    Yesterday's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/0kjZEZdEuY These tariffs would have dramatically increased the cost of printing newspapers, having a significant impact on our rural newspapers in particular. I thank the @SD_Newspapers & the many daily and weekly papers in SD for their advocacy on this issue.  … I support the ITC’s decision to block tariffs on newsprint imported from Canada, which many of South Dakota’s local newspapers rely on to print their publications. Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/aZsfIyoXu1 Joining @todayskccr in about ten minutes. Tune in online at  Great news that consumer confidence is at the highest level since 2000. In the Senate we are continuing to work on pro-growth economic policies that will benefit South Dakota families. … Yesterday's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/9WmeXnoz3u My statement on the @WhiteHouse announcement that the U.S. has reached a two-year trade agreement with Mexico.  …pic.twitter.com/g5B3fg880I Peter Norbeck left a lasting legacy as a governor and senator of South Dakota. Today we remember his contributions on #PeterNorbeckDay … Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/UKrTqGFrCh Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/LIXqgvL6dX He leaves behind a legacy of leadership we can all admire. Jean and I send our deepest condolences to Cindy and the entire McCain family during this difficult time. John McCain was a true American hero who spent his life serving our country. Our men and women in uniform had no better ally than John McCain, and I am grateful for the opportunity to have served alongside him on the Senate Armed Services Committee. Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/SaxkVzoMVM Continuing to keep @SenJohnMcCain and his family in our prayers. … Wishing all South Dakota students, educators, administrators and staff a great school year!  …pic.twitter.com/HtpPsFxz7e 5 of our grandkids had their first day of school this week! Proud of them.pic.twitter.com/vNzKLp6CmM Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/ZWFxJRZHJH "In issuing these waivers, the EPA helped the small refineries. It now must act to help our small ag producers." - @SenatorRounds on meeting with @EPA.  America's farmers deserve relief and #E15YearRound is the best way to do so! Read more here:  … Appreciated the opportunity to sit down with EPA Acting Administrator Andrew Wheeler today to talk about a number of issues, including year-round sales of E15, my concerns w/ small refinery waivers & the proposed rewrite of the Clean Power Plan.  …pic.twitter.com/mxf2tZf2DL Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/5OGhUByKbo I support the current administration’s goal of providing affordable energy to South Dakota families while at the same time working to protect our environment and natural resources.  … We were glad to see the CPP rule was halted by the Supreme Court after more than two dozen states called for it to be stopped. The new proposed Affordable Clean Energy rule respects the rights of individual states in setting energy policies that work best for them. The previous administration’s costly and burdensome Clean Power Plan was a prime example of ‘government-knows-best’ rule-making. Not only did it threaten job creation and economic growth, it was a recipe for sky-high electricity costs for American families and businesses. Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/8NsUm4jVWG Today we remember the three lives lost when a Sioux Valley ambulance helicopter crashed 20 years near Spencer, IA, on its way to pick up a patient. Our first responders put themselves in harm’s way every day to save lives, and we are forever grateful for their service. Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/yBA4d01KZX Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/m3Wayg3tr9 Thanks to @NAHBhome for recognizing me w/ the "Defender of Housing" award. Appreciated the opportunity to join the SD Home Builders Association at their summer board meeting to discuss federal policies affecting their business.pic.twitter.com/HGbWlNgqrx @SenatorRounds, @SDState Econ prof Evert Van Der Sluis and farmers discuss the impact of  tariffs on South Dakota. Join us today (8/17/18) at 4pm at the new SDPB Sioux Falls Studios, 601 N. Phillips Ave., or watch on @SDNet app. #MakingALiving  pic.twitter.com/a82XCEV2qE Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/A0muKSl9mC Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/qlptIDdfuM Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/KllOBMzSj3 .@Thumbtack ranked SD #1 for #smallbiz friendliness, thanks in large part to our low taxes and pro-growth economic policies. As a member of the Senate Small Business Committee, I’ll keep working to improve the business climate for SD’s entrepreneurs.  Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/KSCtThwEFo Glad to see @POTUS sign the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act into law today. #NDAA is one of the most important pieces of legislation we pass each year, as it provides our military personnel with the tools they need to complete their missions and keep us safe. 8 SD students that I nominated to the U.S. Service Academies are now in the Class of 2022 at the Air Force Academy, the Military Academy & the Naval Academy. If you're interested in joining the Class of 2023, deadline to apply for a nomination is Oct 1.  … Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/jjePIZ8hr2 Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/XOPDaufJAC Momentum is building for the #SecureElectionsAct, which I cosponsored. A bipartisan companion bill was introduced in the House today by @TomRooney @jahimes @TGowdySC and @RepTerriSewell. … Met w/ ag leaders in Sioux Falls this week and their message is clear--market stability is crucial as they work to feed & fuel the world. This week's column:  … Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/PxiWLN5sEp Just got word that a turkey from the Riverside Colony north of Huron will be the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House this year! For years, the WH has had a fun tradition of pardoning a turkey at Thanksgiving. Looking forward to seeing @POTUS pardon a SD bird this yearpic.twitter.com/fJjH7spJjQ Had a great turnout at our coffee this afternoon. Thanks to all who attended and asked questions!pic.twitter.com/E6VVuHTwIR I appreciated the opportunity to sit down with #ag industry leaders today in Sioux Falls to discuss a number of important issues including the farm bill and the need to finalize trade deals quickly.pic.twitter.com/uCkEWWQ9tk Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/8iNnZ1YbKi Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/pFAJbJK3JQ Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/COvjzupgWn Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/HnxMQbTPXZ Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/xQMxzWvTgX Today marks the start of the 78th @SturgisRally. We hope everyone who is attending has a safe, fun time in the beautiful Black Hills!pic.twitter.com/7HRtMbexe2 Joined @SenAlexander, @SenWhitehouse & @CoryBooker this week to introduce the IMAGINE Act, which supports investment in material research & new technologies that can help us improve our critical infrastructure.  … Our Sioux Falls staff stopped by Dairy Queen for #MiracleTreatDay earlier today. If you haven’t already, head to your local DQ today for a tasty treat! $1 of every Blizzard sold will be donated to Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals.pic.twitter.com/2rqSCFmyyV Today, the Senate passed a package of four appropriations bills. Working under ‘regular order’ to finalize appropriation bills is an important step toward being more accountable to American taxpayers. My full statement:  … We still need answers regarding the small refinery waivers issued by @EPA. These waivers have the potential to reduce domestic ethanol demand by billions of gallons, hurting South Dakota farmers and our state’s largest industry.pic.twitter.com/9Ein71zfVz .@SenatorRounds at today’s @EPWGOP hearing: “It is critical that the Renewable Fuel Standard remain in effect, and that it be honored and that it be something that producers in the central part of the country can count on.” Today's updatepic.twitter.com/05UvNdWkY3 In case you missed it - Sioux Falls-based @MetaFinancial rang the opening bell in NYC this morning. Way to make South Dakota proud! … Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/axfr3hJ5VE Today's reportpic.twitter.com/isct3mSLN7 I was proud to cosponsor a resolution naming July 28 as the National Day of the American Cowboy as a tribute to the culture, tradition and values of the cowboy way of life that are still alive today.pic.twitter.com/JxdcZlBCqz Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/PdMZvXQXTg Congratulations to South Dakotan Jeannie Hovland, who was sworn in today as the Commissioner of the Administration for Native Americans.pic.twitter.com/whN0aI5iuS Glad to see that our pro-growth economic policies are working. Today's announcement that #GDP grew at 4.1% in the 2nd quarter is great news for American families & biz owners. Once we stabilize trade markets, we will have good opportunities for continued GDP growth. Thanks to our Pierre office interns for all they do! #InternDay … Today's reportpic.twitter.com/7UEpQiPbEa Proud of our summer interns for the good work they do to help South Dakotans every day! #InternDaypic.twitter.com/9439kqWorM Getting trade deals in place is a priority. We still have a long way to go but happy to hear the president is working to make some progress. This morning I had the opportunity to meet Oliver Miner from Eagle Butte, Tory Shafer from Sioux Falls, Maycee Wieczorek from Rapid City & Morgan Roberts from Spearfish who are representing SD at the @AmericanLegion Boys Nation and American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation sessions.pic.twitter.com/Ul0mSL2UD8 Great to speak with students and teachers from O'Gorman High School this morning!pic.twitter.com/LqktlsdocO The White House announcement yesterday that the EU will buy more soybeans from the U.S. is good news for South Dakota’s producers. pic.twitter.com/YCE5mHeHET Judge Kavanaugh is a highly-qualified candidate who is committed to upholding the rule of law, rather than legislating from the bench. I look forward to supporting his nomination to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. I appreciate the opportunity to meet with Judge Kavanaugh today. We had a wide-ranging discussion regarding privacy, states’ rights and regulatory overreach by the executive branch. Now more than ever, we need a strong justice who will uphold the Constitution as it was written.pic.twitter.com/Cbzqx8CaPE Low commodity prices are a serious threat to our well-being in farm country. However, this is a short-term, partial fix. The sooner we can get trade deals completed and the market under control, the better off we’ll be. … It’s good to see the administration recognize the negative impact market instability is having on our ag producers by introducing a ‘trade aid’ proposal. Tune in now: in a few minutes I’ll join @FoxNews to talk about the Senate’s confirmation of Robert Wilkie to lead the @DeptVetAffairs. Senate confirmed Robert Wilkie to be Secretary of @DeptVetAffairs. Mr. Wilkie is well-qualified to lead the VA at a time when the agency is attempting to return to its mission of serving our nation’s veterans. My full statement:  … Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/RgYwzRz9H1 Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/CvM4aexIKI Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/CRvof37jAS Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/uZJgtxlpC5 Signed onto the Secure Elections Act today. It would strengthen our election cybersecurity & protect against potential future foreign interference by streamlining info sharing between intel agencies.  … Thanks to @sdcorn for meeting today to discuss a number of issues important to South Dakota’s farmers, including trade, year-round sales of E-15 and the upcoming #FarmBill.pic.twitter.com/P9Gqpg3bGx Appreciated the opportunity to meet w/ @usairforce Secretary Heather Wilson today to talk about issues affecting the future of the Air Force, Ellsworth Air Force Base & the 114th Fighter Wing in Sioux Falls.pic.twitter.com/onhQBXwcHH Joined Bloomberg today to discuss ongoing trade concerns, as well as our efforts to protect our election system. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/RnWQKQZgqI Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/qy47YuwhYs See our website to read SDNA news release regarding S.D. congressional delegation joint statement on newsprint tariffs and their harm to jobs/newspapers.  Also includes link to the delegation statement.  @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds @RepKristiNoem  I look forward to being a part of the re-established Senate NATO Observer Group as we work to further strengthen our strong bond with our NATO allies, promote peace and combat global security concerns.  … Canada is South Dakota’s top trading partner and one of our country’s closest allies. I appreciated the opportunity to meet with Canadian Consul General Paul Connors of Minneapolis today to discuss the important security and economic issues that bind our nation’s together.pic.twitter.com/uG65L1ZCet Had the opportunity to discuss the positive impact the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct has had on our economy at a Banking Cmte hearing today w/ Fed Chair Powell. Shared my concern about trade instability & its impact on our ability to reach full economic potential.  …pic.twitter.com/iPKFbhVk2V Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/s7JH22Vly6 There is value in seeking to improve relations with Russia, but the U.S. must make clear that their irresponsible behavior on the world stage will not be tolerated. 2/2  … Make no mistake: Russia is not our friend. Our poor relations are a direct result of their continued destabilizing behavior throughout the world. It is clear that Russia attempted to directly influence the 2016 election process. 1/2 Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/5cFRAalCkv Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/vcSQKxTXw5 Confirming fair, impartial judges who will adhere to the Constitution is one of our greatest responsibilities in the Senate. I look forward to a thorough and rigorous confirmation process as we consider the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh.  … Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/0PyWHve2ON When it comes to trade deals - time is of the essence. And time is running out. Watch my full interview on @MeetThePress regarding our ongoing concerns with tariffs and trade negotiations.pic.twitter.com/wx3nKBLLrM I'll be live on @keloradio w/ Greg Belfrage in about 35 minutes. Hope you can tune in!  Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/nzz7wknQL8 Enjoyed meeting with hospital representatives and executives from Rapid City and Sioux Falls today to discuss the federal 340B drug pricing program.pic.twitter.com/YVOCHFXUbH Met with @SDsoybean today to discuss the importance of maintaining a stable market for South Dakota’s soybean producers. We need fair trade deals in place to protect the farm economy in the long term.pic.twitter.com/JwZByS30V1 A number of South Dakota Superintendents from the Sioux Falls School District, Lead/Deadwood School District, Baltic School District and Milbank School District stopped by today to talk about school safety, appropriations and other issues.pic.twitter.com/T5D7kOMpyM Missouri River report for todaypic.twitter.com/oOx7R93roY Great to see Scott and Michelle VanderWal today. We had the opportunity to discuss the importance of passing the farm bill this year & enacting strong, fair trade deals to sell SD products.pic.twitter.com/qb2SzUUOh0 Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee voted to advance Robert Wilkie's confirmation to be @DeptVetAffairs Secretary. He is the right person at this time to lead the VA. My full statement:  … As a lifelong South Dakotan and resident of Fort Pierre, we'd love to show you and @ritawilson around any community in South Dakota sometime! #HifromSD #GreatFacesGreatPlaces #RushmoreState … Confirming conservative, fair-minded judges who will adhere to the Constitution is one of the most important responsibilities of the United States Senate. I look forward to a thorough and rigorous confirmation process. … Now, the Senate has a constitutional role of ‘advice and consent.’ I take this responsibility very seriously. … Appreciated the opportunity to join @POTUS at the White House for the announcement that he has nominated Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice to the Supreme Court. Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/z6hOB3K0zC Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/zI8fP7m7Dk Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/6dHiIyGGwE Today's reportpic.twitter.com/gqBnmF2dzJ This week's column: Army Corps Sees Firsthand our Concerns about Missouri River Management:  … Today's updatepic.twitter.com/iD49Q2MM8A Had the opportunity to share some of our concerns about Missouri River levels with Col. John Hudson and John Remus today in Pierre.pic.twitter.com/5mbZupDBfB Missouri River update for todaypic.twitter.com/otfjwIUTQL Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/oBcnFtH2LN Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/tlcDlh2cfQ Thanks to Laurie and Olivia Rogers for stopping by our D.C. office this morning to advocate for cystic fibrosis research. We'll continue working to find a cure for this disease. @CF_Foundationpic.twitter.com/WanLfXVZQ7 Today's updatepic.twitter.com/0jeylCMH3i .@SenateMajLdr just announced the Senate will vote to confirm Justice Kennedy’s replacement this fall. I look forward to working w/ my colleagues to confirm a Conservative, fair-minded justice who will apply the law as it is written. I thank Justice Anthony Kennedy for his years of service to our country. No one should be forced to join a political organization or government union. Today, the Supreme Court delivered another important victory for our First Amendment rights. Oscar Kavanagh from Brookings, Bridger Gordon from Sturgis & Ruhama Tereda from Sioux Falls are in Washington this week to be recognized as finalists for the U.S. Presidential Scholars Program. Proud of these 3 SD students!pic.twitter.com/KFDb2FeTei Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/5M0PZSii2P Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/UoDilMbCMt My full statement on the EPA’s Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO) proposed rule for 2019:pic.twitter.com/jtnbS3RaIl Additionally, the legislation appropriates $15 million for a new National Guard Readiness Center in Rapid City.  … It also prioritizes funding for the snowpack monitoring system in the Upper Missouri River Basin for the Army Corps of Engineers so they can work to prevent flooding in communities along the Missouri & Mississippi Rivers. The appropriation package just passed out of the Senate includes funding for the Long-Baseline Neutrino Facility & Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment at the @SanfordLab in Lead. Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/y8nhDi9mju Great news this week from @bhenergy. Because of the savings they're seeing from the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act, they will be lowering rates for customers. … A column from @SenatorRounds: "Our local newspapers play an important role in educating the public and bringing communities together...I will continue working to advance the PRINT Act in the Senate to provide relief to local papers and other publishers."  …pic.twitter.com/NdSVsGWnDG Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/keGuQgNpDq Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/smwZhcaZLi Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/IDgJ1WdWlj Congratulations to fellow South Dakotan, Jean Carrol Hovland, who was confirmed by the Senate today to be Commissioner of the Administration for Native Americans at the Department of Health and Human Services. She will be a strong voice for Indian Country in this new role. Today's Supreme Court ruling on South Dakota v. Wayfair is a victory for brick-and-mortar stores across SD, who now have an opportunity to be on a level playing field with online businesses.  … Selfie in the Capitol Rotunda w/ our awesome summer interns for #NationalSelfieDay!pic.twitter.com/008Jgr71My Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/4xrwf2FzHY Enjoyed meeting with South Dakota 4-H this afternoon! These young men and women are in D.C. for the 4-H Citizen Washington Focus where they learn leadership skills they can use to make a difference in their communities back home. #4Hpic.twitter.com/7Mybh6pIxl Six months after #taxreform was signed into law, @NAM found that manufacturers have record optimism for their businesses. They are projecting historic growth in manufacturing investment, hiring & wages.   #taxreformsixmonths #healthyeconomy Since tax reform was enacted, more than 100 utilities across the U.S. are lowering their rates, meaning cheaper electric bills for thousands of Americans.  … #taxreformsixmonths #healthyeconomy Joined @BloombergTV yesterday to discuss the need for the administration to finalize trade deals as soon as possible. With the farm economy down more than 50% in South Dakota over the past 5 years, we need stability in our commodity prices and we need strong trading partners.pic.twitter.com/sC4pfBUMCZ High school students from across the nation are in Madison this week for cyber camp at DSU. A testament to the incredible work being done at @DakotaState, who continues to play a leading role in cybersecurity. … Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/3nD1vme8Qp Earlier today, I joined my colleagues in a press conference to urge the Senate to pass @POTUS’ rescissions package, which seeks to cut $15 billion in unused, unspent funds, or funds that cannot be used for the original purpose Congress intended.  …pic.twitter.com/xYq6uSwtpP My full statement regarding the separation of families at the border:  … Congratulations to Harrisburg native Andrea Thompson, who was sworn in today as Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs at the @StateDept. Andrea will be a great asset at the State Department and to @SecPompeo.pic.twitter.com/EvLXcc7e9a Great to meet w/ @alzassociation advocates from SD today. This devastating disease impacts so many Americans, and I'm a proud cosponsor of 2 bills to improve the quality of care for #Alzheimers patients as we continue searching for a cure.pic.twitter.com/xugAY6OgdC Headed to a press conference w/ @SenMikeLee, @SenTedCruz, @SenJohnKennedy, @SenRonJohnson, @SenRandPauI & @sendavidperdue to urge support for bill to roll back around $15B in unnecessary spending for expired/unused fed programs. Livestream starts 11:30 ET:    … Appreciated the opportunity to meet w/ @BillAtUSDA, Undersecretary of Agriculture for Farm & Foreign Agricultural Services, to discuss importance of a strong farm bill, a strong work force & strong safety net programs to help farmers weather tough times.pic.twitter.com/Cd0pywmEW7 This is concerning. We continue to closely monitor water levels & post our updates regularly. The Army Corps' proper management of the Missouri River is vital to avoid another disaster like the 2011 flood. … Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/vd84IemilM Thanks to Chairman McCain, Ranking Member Jack Reed, Sen. Jim Inhofe and the rest of the committee for their leadership and hard work on this important bill.  … As chairman of the Cybersecurity Subcommittee I’m glad we were able to adopt a number of important cyber measures in the #NDAA. One of the most vital is a provision that will allow the DoD expanded authority to conduct cyber operations needed to help keep America safe. It also includes a provision I offered to help military members transition into civilian life. Our unemployment rate is the lowest it has been in nearly 2 decades & this will help promote military members’ talents to employers across the country. #NDAA includes a provision I offered that would require DoD to report the number of eligible military members able to participate in the Transition Assistance Program following their service. The #NDAA authorizes $716 billion in defense spending, prohibits a BRAC round & provides a 2.6% pay raise to military members. The #NDAA is named in honor of Chairman John McCain. Few people are more passionate about our troops & our military readiness than @SenJohnMcCain . The courage he has exhibited during his years of service - and in his current battle – has inspired us all. This year’s #NDAA builds on last year’s efforts to provide tools to our armed forces so they can fully rebuild our military & address the challenges we’re facing. The Senate just voted to pass the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for FY19 w/ broad bipartisan support. Happy #FathersDay to all the dads, stepdads, grandpas and father figures out there today!pic.twitter.com/Wd3ej6dIsg 16 years ago today, I asked @SDGovDaugaard to be my Lieutenant Governor. He’s been a great friend and partner! Today’s river report:pic.twitter.com/1G4rB1jrSR Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/qzY7tjAMXU Intro'd bill w/ @SenDougJones to reform the living will submission process for financial institutions without jeopardizing important protections for customers & taxpayers.  … Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/SkLcBgZ6OF Our pro-growth policies continue to exceed expectations. #healthyeconomy #consumerconfidence … Happy #flagday! We also celebrate the 243rd birthday of the @USArmy today. Thank you for fighting to protect the freedoms we hold dear as Americans.pic.twitter.com/Wvw3uwSQRw .@SenatorRounds: "Let's first of all give the president the opportunity to succeed. Everything starts with a first step. This was a first step, but it was a very good first step." @foxnewsnight  pic.twitter.com/zgj8iyPD6b Getting ready to join @FoxNews @ShannonBream live in studio to discuss the Singapore Summit. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/m5ciFWuYVk Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/asjMESpZY7 Joined @FoxNews today to talk about President Trump's successful summit in Singapore. There's still a lot of work to do - but the president has made a great first step.pic.twitter.com/waSWZv7iAS Headed to chair the EPW subcommittee hearing on the Army Corps' proposed water surplus rule. It will be livestreamed here:   On my way to the Senate floor to talk about the importance of the #NDAA to our military men & women. Watch on @cspan  … I'll be live on @FoxNews w/ @HARRISFAULKNER in about 15 minutes. Tune in! Also got to talk with Vermillion Middle School students & teachers who are in Washington on a school trip today.pic.twitter.com/bqksdnQRQl Great to see middle school & high school students from all over the SD in town today. They are participating in this year's @NationalHistory contest!pic.twitter.com/cEf3G0d2lT Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/Zg1J5oy0mf Good news coming from Singapore. @POTUS has made early strides in making our world a safer place. A lot of work to do yet. Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/gilJAIyBlh Wishing a very happy birthday to my friend @SDGovDaugaard today! Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/2ljwWmP2xe Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/6gsdO4hcUg Great catching up with @rccss St. Thomas More students during their trip to Washington, D.C., this week!pic.twitter.com/NAl6XG44Uc Joined @SenJohnThune & @RepKristiNoem on legislation to allow tribal grant school employees to participate in federal health insurance programs. Will save the schools thousands & improve retention rates at tribal grant schools.  … Today's Report:pic.twitter.com/dOwrDj4bQw .@POTUS made an excellent choice in nominating Jon Kobes, my current general counsel who lives in Sioux Falls, to be circuit court judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/D7qhCTjx4q Proud of Pierre senior Peyton Zabel--drafted by the @Brewers today! Peyton will attend @AugustanaSD where he is committed to play baseball and football. We wish him all the best. … Proud of Pierre senior Peyton Zabel--drafted by the @Brewers today! Peyton will attend @AugustanaSD where he is committed to play baseball and football. We wish him all the best. … Today's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/Sy2PwTbpF1 Enjoyed talking with students from Sturgis Middle School today during their class trip to Washington. @SenJohnThune and I showed them the @uscapitol steps outside the Senate chamber.pic.twitter.com/lHeZz5e1OL Great to meet with a group of Sturgis students this morning during their visit to Washington, D.C. Enjoy your week in our nation's capital!pic.twitter.com/aQ7bz3NYwJ Yesterday's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/ipQlP0eY88 On this day 74 years ago, Allied forces stormed the beaches of Normandy, leading toward the end of WWII in Europe. We honor the brave soldiers who fought that day. #GreatestGeneration #DDay Medicare, Medicaid & Social Security make up nearly ¾ of our federal spending each year, yet Congress doesn’t vote on their budgets. In order to make sure these programs are around for future generations, we must properly manage them. … Happy #605Day to my fellow South Dakotans! There's no better place to call home.pic.twitter.com/z1QkRvEAiI Denny Sanford's commitment to giving back to communities across the country is unmatched. Today he donated $100 million to Sanford Harmony to bring the program to 30 million kids. Thank you, Denny! … Jean and I send our condolences to the family of Sylvan Vigness, a World War II veteran from Flandreau who passed away this weekend. Mr. Vigness was awarded the Purple Heart in January--73 years overdue. His service to our country will not be forgotten.  … Glad to see the Supreme Court rule 7-2 to reaffirm religious liberty. The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution guarantees religious freedom - no American should ever be forced to violate their deeply-held religious and moral beliefs. … Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/6mzeu9RyxH Today’s river report:pic.twitter.com/yVYmgvPbVe Congrats @GoAugie @AugieBaseball! Go Vikings! #WeAreAU #D2Baseball #NationalChamps … Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/jNp7IihN23 This week's column: Updating South Dakota's Water Infrastructure  … More proof that the pro-growth policies we have been working to implement - lower taxes & fewer burdensome regs - is working. #healthyeconomy … Also had the opportunity to stop by Boys State in Aberdeen today. Always appreciate the chance to meet with South Dakota’s young people.pic.twitter.com/gUS5ogVvSr Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/xwkXPT1Dug Great to be at the 72nd Annual Girls State Convention this morning in Vermillion - thanks for having me! And a special thanks for the American Legion Auxiliary for continuing to host a truly memorable, educational and inspiring program for our youth.pic.twitter.com/aW9zWpzkVQ Yesterday's Missouri River reportpic.twitter.com/lOOFnWZ0M1 I’m sorry to hear of the passing of Representative Jim Schaefer. Jim was a strong advocate for his district. Jean and I will keep his family and friends in our prayers. Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/YwoC7ZeDpA Today’s river report.pic.twitter.com/vV7UybMmMT Yesterday's updatepic.twitter.com/0Jnl5SVaww On #MemorialDay, we honor the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. We thank them, their families and all who serve. Enjoying the long weekend with the grandkids!pic.twitter.com/QA5ZurXnZB Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/OqJRtHBcqa Okobojo at sunset.pic.twitter.com/I4IWu6WRnY Today's Missouri River update:pic.twitter.com/iwfoEhhwjf BREAKING: The administration just announced it will increase H-2B workers by 15,000 for the remainder of FY2018. Details & my full statement:  … My statement on the committee passage of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act, named in honor of our SASC Chairman @SenJohnMcCain:  … @SASCMajority The economy is looking up, thanks to pro-growth policies implemented by the current administration and this congress. Since @POTUS took office, 3M new jobs have been created. Nearly 800K jobs have been created just since Tax Cuts & Jobs Act was enacted.  … Today's updatepic.twitter.com/XGNashp4J1 Our commonsense, bipartisan bill will allow meat & poultry products inspected by FSIS-approved state inspection programs to be sold across state lines. … Joined @SteveDaines on bill to protect Native American tribes from Obamacare's employer mandate. Fed gov't has trust obligation to provide health care to Native Americans. Read more here:  … Today's updatepic.twitter.com/SCaAbauxiW Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/WJpy4YMXDK Off to a strong start for #ACPLD Great visit with @SenatorRounds on advocacy issues for South Dakota patients @ACPinternists  Our #gladiators at work! @KellyEvansHull , Matthew Bell, Gov Matt Bien @darciebien @Rob_from_605 @BobDohertyACP @SDSMA @AmerMedicalAssn @krahm0403pic.twitter.com/29SsWjqlBF The economic growth legislation includes seven of my provisions, incl. one to protect the credit of veterans, rural appraisal relief, and my Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act. Details:  … I am an original cosponsor of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act, which now heads to the president’s desk to be signed into law. The House just passed our economic growth bill that will provide much-needed regulatory relief for small-and-medium-sized banks and credit unions. This will allow them to focus on serving their customers, rather than complying with onerous, burdensome regulations. #S2155 Is good for Credit Unions in the Dakotas and their nearly 479,000 members! It’s time for #EnhancedConsumerProtections #CommonSenseReg and some #Relief4MainStreet @RepKristiNoem @RepKevinCramer #YESonS2155pic.twitter.com/QzAu0dBpVF #HealthyEconomy … Lastly, we were able to secure a verbal commitment from the Chairman to work with us to fix an Obama-era proposal known as the ‘surplus water rule,’ which restricts South Dakotans’ access to water in Corps-controlled land. South Dakotans are legally entitled to use the water. We were also able to secure a provision for the Corps to carry out a project for shoreline stabilization on the Lower Brule Reservation. This much-needed project will help fix erosion that is threatening an entire community and the surrounding environment. It prioritizes implementation of the Upper Missouri River Basin snowpack monitoring program that I’ve been calling for since taking office. This program will help mitigate the possibility of a flood event for those living near the Missouri River. Includes language to update & maintain water infrastructure systems such as dams and levees, upgrade drinking and waste water systems and increase water storage to make certain all citizens have access to safe, clean water. EPW Committee voted unanimously to pass comprehensive water infrastructure bill today, which includes a few of my priorities.  … Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/kETsDHTVQh Check out this week's column: Showing Gratitude to South Dakota's Veterans and Servicemembers  … Today's updatepic.twitter.com/UAwLUQFRhr Jean and I are praying for the students, faculty and community in Santa Fe, Texas, today. Our hearts go out to all impacted by this horrible tragedy. Congratulations to you both. Enjoy this special day!  … From #MemorialDay through Labor Day, 6 SD museums--and more than 2,000 museums nationwide--will offer free admission to Blue Star Families to thank them for their service & sacrifice. Info on admission & list of participating museums here: … Today’s report.pic.twitter.com/OytfWZ9ghw My statement on today's net neutrality CRA vote:  … It’s important that South Dakota’s veterans know there will be plenty of space for them to rest peacefully at the Black Hills National Cemetery. Glad to see our bill head to the finish line.  … The Black Hills National Cemetery was established in 1948 to serve as a final resting place for area veterans. With roughly 680 burials/year, it was previously on track to run out of space in the early 2030s.  … After years of work, legislation I introduced w/ @SenJohnThune and @SenatorEnzi that will double the size of the Black Hills National Cemetery passed the House & is finally headed to the president’s desk. I appreciate the opportunity to meet with R.D. James, Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works, to share my concerns about the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ management of the Missouri River. My full statement:  … Here's today's Missouri River update:pic.twitter.com/K5zLCeqlYX Today, nearly 100 veterans from SD, IA & MN embark on an Honor Flight to D.C. They will take part in a tour of U.S. war and military service memorials on their trip. We are eternally grateful for their service to our nation and hope they have a great trip to our nation’s capital! This week we honor the men and women in law enforcement who put their lives on the line to protect our communities and keep us safe. Thank you! #NationalPoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/Z0xiiUUR5P Wishing @FLOTUS a full and speedy recovery. … Today is a historic day. Moving our embassy to #Jerusalem – the one, true capital of Israel – sends a strong message that the U.S. and Israel’s bond is unshakable. Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/zORgtCCGRD Happy Mother’s Day to Jean and all the other incredible moms out there. Celebrated today by capturing the first picture of Jean with our four kids all **ten** and grandkids. We love you, Jean!pic.twitter.com/nAcIDIbLSd Yesterday’s Report:pic.twitter.com/sxU3vgZhGD Today’s report.pic.twitter.com/KqyOzbvWyG Grandkids are the best. Got to meet baby Maverick today!pic.twitter.com/wFcjyOOOP4 Opening New Markets for South Dakota Producers--check out this week's column here:  … Today's updatepic.twitter.com/IXPGywq4Kb Our bipartisan, commonsense bill will create new markets for producers and give consumers more choices at the grocery store, while continuing to maintain the high quality and safety standards necessary to keep consumers healthy.  … Because the state inspection programs are required to be ‘at least equal to’ or better than the federal inspection standards, products that pass state inspection should be able to be sold across state lines. Currently in South Dakota, cattle, sheep, swine and goat products are limited to markets within the state even though they are required to go through inspection at an FSIS-approved state facility. Today, @SenAngusKing and I introduced a bill to allow local meat & poultry products to be sold across state lines. At a time of economic downturn in the ag sector, opening up new markets for SD products is critically important. Our new grandson and his uncle Beeper almost shared a birthday! Happy birthday to our son Brian pic.twitter.com/fMxw0oYNu5 Great news! Welcome home.  … Our 10th grandchild, Maverick Michael Rounds, was born happy and healthy earlier today. We are so blessed!pic.twitter.com/PYO9jHqMqh Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/UONmyVaN2T Today's updatepic.twitter.com/Bgsp5BQ7V4 Allowing for year-round sales of E-15 would be a huge win for corn & corn ethanol producers & could result in approx. 700 million additional gallons of ethanol sold/280 million additional bushels of corn annually. This #NationalTravelandTourismWeek, we celebrate the vital role tourism plays in our state & local economies. #GreatFacesGreatPlaces #HifromSDpic.twitter.com/FQynLrx8pn Enjoyed meeting with @sdsmt scientists to discuss the next generation A-10 aircraft today.pic.twitter.com/jBErxOVWDB Here's today's update:pic.twitter.com/iIlYgS10UV Congratulations to Sturgis Brown High School graduate Justice West, who received a fully qualified offer of appointment to the @NavalAcademy! Honored to nominate him, and we wish him all the best as he begins this next chapter.  … Today’s update:pic.twitter.com/PYKR855GXi Today’s report:pic.twitter.com/ZhpFUThjoW Today’s river report.pic.twitter.com/oZKpZhNGl4 Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/QVoXvgRd3m Held a business roundtable in Sioux Falls this morning to discuss the challenges still facing our job creators as they seek to grow and expand their operations. Thanks to all who participated!pic.twitter.com/CDf7ojEPXW Honored to receive the @USChamber Spirit of Enterprise award today. I'll continue working to advance pro-growth economic policies in the Senate.  …pic.twitter.com/kjbcAAGtA3 Our current bomber bases are best suited for the #B21. We expect the first B-21 #Raider aircraft to be delivered in the mid-2020s.   …pic.twitter.com/dNneNzN7Qn We're accepting internship applications for fall 2018. Deadline to apply is May 21. More info & the application can be found here:   Today’s river report.pic.twitter.com/jxVkx33Nbi ‘Small businesses are finally on a level playing field - now watch what happens.’ Read my op-ed via @FoxNewsOpinion: … As a member of @SASCMajority, I look forward to continuing to work with @usairforce Secretary Heather Wilson to make certain the tremendous value of Ellsworth is fully realized. BREAKING: Ellsworth to be one of three bases considered to receive the first B-21 Raider Bombers. Great news for @28thBombWing! Today's updatepic.twitter.com/OEPEEHxcSB #SDMines is excited to have @SenatorRounds give the spring commencement address Saturday. 383 bachelor of science, master of science & doctoral degrees will be awarded. Commencement will be live-streamed at   #Hardrockers #2018Commencementpic.twitter.com/F3O66SGFrE Congrats to DeLon Mork - a #SouthDakota #smallbiz owner named by @SenatorRounds as #smallbusinessoftheday during National #smallbusinessweek! … "I thank @SenatorRounds & others who have supported small businesses by working on issues important to business owners across the country. This includes passing tax reform and rolling back unnecessary regulations." - DeLon Mork, South Dakota #smallbiz owner. Nominated Dairy Queen of Madison, owned by DeLon Mork, to be #SmallBiz of the Day for #SmallBusinessWeek. For the past 11 years, DeLon’s DQ has sold the most Blizzards of any DQ in North America on Miracle Treat Day to raise money for @CMNHospitals.  …pic.twitter.com/Ku2OHnkJ6X Today's Missouri River update:pic.twitter.com/rbBz3iUVvk Joined 17 senators in letter to @EPAScottPruitt to highlight the benefits of year-round E15 sales & request an expected timeline from EPA for an administrative RVP waiver. Full letter here:  … Congrats to Fort Pierre student Ryan Habeck, who recently accepted an offer of appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy. We wish him all the best!  … Happy National #SmallBusinessWeek to the 30 million small businesses across the country. When our small businesses flourish, the entire American economy flourishes too. Stop by a #SmallBiz in your community this week to thank them for work they do to help our economy grow!pic.twitter.com/wt6JGJScYL Today’s river update.pic.twitter.com/7zuiPjL2EZ Congrats to South Dakota native and fellow Jackrabbit, @goedert33 on being drafted by the @Eagles. We are all cheering for you! Today's updatepic.twitter.com/1vD03E7e2m Transparency is critical when the EPA seeks to implement new rules. This week's column:  … Congratulations to Ret. Army Col. Andrea Thompson, who was confirmed tonight to be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. A great South Dakotan who will play a vital role in our national security at this critical time in our history. HOOAH! Here is today's Missouri River and dam level updatepic.twitter.com/JXbMxFIJoK After weeks of political gamesmanship from our Democrat colleagues, the Senate today confirmed Mike Pompeo to be Sec. of @StateDept. He will do an excellent job as our chief diplomat at this critical time in our nation’s history. Appreciate @POTUS remarks today on his continued commitment to combat our nation’s #OpioidEpidemic. This Saturday is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day to safely dispose of unneeded meds. Find the SD drop-off location nearest you:  … Congrats to Baltic HS student Jayden Pittmann who was offered an appointment to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Honored to nominate him and wish him all the best!  … Introduced bipartisan bill w/ @SenSherrodBrown to help veterans secure quality education & good-paying jobs as they transition into civilian life.  … Thanks to @usairforce Sec. Heather Wilson for testifying before @SASCMajority today. During my questioning, she reiterated that “if you have a bomber base now, you will have a bomber base in the future.” This underscores the strategic role of Ellsworth AFB @28thBombWing. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/o08nv42pQ5 Today's Missouri River update. I also spoke with Zach at @todayskccr this afternoon about the river levels. We're continuing to keep an eye on the situation. Listen here:  …pic.twitter.com/3pxzzB4Omf The Senate is poised to confirm Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State later this week. As I told @FoxNews @ShannonBream last night: Mike Pompeo is the right guy for this job. I look forward to supporting his nomination.pic.twitter.com/Jiyu21Hwow I support @VAChair decision to delay this week's confirmation hearing on the Sec. of @DeptVetAffairs nominee while we continue to do our due diligence. Watch my interview with @FoxNews @ShannonBream:pic.twitter.com/V9axvHgWAq Today's report:pic.twitter.com/o4pen3kDKL Today’s update:pic.twitter.com/pS0NFAIjd5 Today, Jean and I celebrate 40 wonderful years of marriage. I couldn’t have asked for a better wife, mother, grandmother and best friend to share my life with. Happy anniversary, Jean!pic.twitter.com/8GYw1TWvJx Today’s update:pic.twitter.com/NlDLeFgPJz Here is today's updatepic.twitter.com/jnvUHeL0d5 Yesterday marked the 25th anniversary of the plane crash that killed former Governor George Mickelson and 7 others near Dubuque, IA. I shared my memories of Governor Mickelson and that tragic day with @NewsCenter1 this week. Watch here: … Congratulations to Steve Hunegs, Executive Director of the Jewish Community Relations Council of Minnesota and the Dakotas, who received the FBI’s Community Leadership Award this week. Great to meet w/ him and his family during their visit to DC this week.pic.twitter.com/pG2S56nqk2 Our granddaughter Elaina is 9 years old today. Happy birthday!pic.twitter.com/nHYPtCozXd Appreciated the opportunity to visit with members of the @SiouxlndChamber during their annual visit to Washington, D.C., this week. Great discussion about growing our economy and workforce development.pic.twitter.com/l4pYe9nUSH Today's updatepic.twitter.com/0du5FyuavM Yesterday's report:pic.twitter.com/MfFCiuGgmx Today we continued chipping away at burdensome, unnecessary regulations put in place by the previous administration. The Senate passed its 16th CRA to disapprove a CFPB rule that restricted lending to consumers trying to buy new cars. Staff attended today's Army Corps update in Pierre. We appreciate the opportunity to hear from the Corps & ask questions, but due to higher than usual snowpack, we still have concerns about proper management and flooding. We will continue to closely monitor this issue.pic.twitter.com/v8cs6WUZPo Full house this morning at our SD Sunrise Coffee! Great to see folks from all over the state here today.pic.twitter.com/OIU7hfxzUm Praying for the Bush family tonight as they mourn the loss of Barbara. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/eAwedyXLL2 Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/7dpqAgezwP By lowering the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent, the #TaxCutsandJobsAct makes U.S. companies more competitive and encourages investment here at home. #taxday This is the last year for filing taxes under the old, complicated broken tax system. The #TaxCutsandJobsAct lowers taxes & provides bigger paychecks to millions of American families. #TaxDay It’s a historic day for our state as South Dakota v. Wayfair is being heard before the Supreme Court. The case will determine whether states can collect sales tax from outside vendors. Joined @ksfynews recently to discuss the importance to SD:   … @GrayDCnews Today is #WorldHemophiliaDay, a time to raise awareness for a rare disease with no cure. Sanford Children's Specialty Clinic in Sioux Falls helps to treat people living with this serious disease. Today’s update:pic.twitter.com/q2qqxqLo0f Today’s update:pic.twitter.com/O7wyECDp4o Tonight, the president sent a strong message that the U.S. and our allies, as leaders of the civilized world, will not tolerate barbaric and inhumane chemical attacks on innocent victims. Keeping our brave men and women in uniform in our prayers. Today's updatepic.twitter.com/YLC93381R0 No Travel Advisories are starting to pop up. With heavy snow and strong winds, crews will have a hard time keeping up with the drifts & making roads safe for travel. If you don't need to travel, we strongly encourage you to stay put. #sdwx #sddot511 #drivesafesdpic.twitter.com/czqlrG0mLP Today's updatepic.twitter.com/viNX2Qoy7w I thank Mike Pompeo for his willingness to continue to serve our country, this time as head of @StateDept. Today’s confirmation hearing reaffirmed he has the experience & aptitude to fill this important role at this critical time for our nation. I look forward to supporting him Earlier this week I joined @ChuckTodd @MeetthePress to discuss #trade, urging the administration to strengthen partnerships with TPP & other trading partners.pic.twitter.com/TYUp0GUeGI Allowing the sale of E-15 year-round is a win for consumers, farmers and corn ethanol producers alike. Glad to hear President Trump express his support for year-round E-15 sales. Pleased to see @POTUS direct his top advisors to explore re-joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership. TPP would open up lucrative new markets for SD farmers & ranchers, while giving the U.S. a stronger hand in China trade negotiations. Thanks for having me on! … Today’s update:pic.twitter.com/FHvfGys87k Honored to receive the "Award for Conservative Achievement" from @ACUConservative. Over the past 15 months, we've passed historic tax cuts, rolled back overreaching regulations & put conservative, fair judges on the bench. I'll keep working to advance conservative principles.pic.twitter.com/pRe0FVTspw Today's Missouri River update:pic.twitter.com/idS1Ei5QXE Enjoyed speaking with members of @SDCoopPower today about legislative issues that could impact their industry.pic.twitter.com/mDON6XF3PZ I'm the oldest of 11 kids--our parents sure had their hands full when we were growing up! Happy #NationalSiblingsDaypic.twitter.com/Txw0Ozg2vu Today’s update:pic.twitter.com/ANkKpBcSDC Congratulations, @SenDuckworth, on the birth of your baby girl! Yesterday’s updatepic.twitter.com/8ksK5nYmhz EXCLUSIVE: Sen. Mike Rounds (R-S.D.) wants President Trump to explain his "endgame" on tariffs   pic.twitter.com/ECcc3c8vtH Today’s Missouri River update:pic.twitter.com/C1rmovv46C Great morning at the opening ceremony for the new Sanford Veteran Center in Sioux Falls.pic.twitter.com/PhHtQ6FTkg Proposed Chinese tariffs will hurt ag. This week's column:  … Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/POuHcUxPT0 My full statement on China's tariff proposal. As trade negotiations continue, I will continue to look at all avenues to prevent these proposed tariffs from becoming a reality.pic.twitter.com/xIZ4q1uYvE Happy birthday to our grandson Ian, who turns 11 today!pic.twitter.com/AcIW5uvs5N Yesterday’s update:pic.twitter.com/NR0gQzSDwC Today's updatepic.twitter.com/2y9BunnrPa Sent a letter to the VA today urging them to make timely payments to community providers. Full letter here:  … Fifty years after his assassination, the words of Dr. Martin Luther, King, Jr., continue to inspire countless Americans. Today, we honor his legacy of peace and unity. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/VY5VCwViFg Today's Missouri River update:pic.twitter.com/uyAClG0sZB Today's update:pic.twitter.com/n93RsBagCQ Wishing my friend and fellow former governor Frank Farrar a very happy 89th birthday!pic.twitter.com/787ciMtGvZ Yesterday’s update:pic.twitter.com/8tLxDJig4m Wishing you a very happy and blessed #Easter!pic.twitter.com/yxzI7f6NJS Yesterday’s report:pic.twitter.com/xcMc8Bm5R2 Yesterday's updatepic.twitter.com/v6Uo1NdQ9P Today's Missouri River update:pic.twitter.com/Ovmax4pVxF Navigating the federal bureaucracy can be difficult, frustrating & confusing. Our goal is to make sure agencies are treating you with the respect & attention you deserve, and we’re here to help you work with them. Learn more in this week's column:  … Congratulations to Kevin Nyberg, owner of Nyberg's Ace Hardware in Sioux Falls, who was named the @SBA_SouthDakota Small Business Person of the Year for 2018! Congratulations to Brookings-based @Daktronics on its 50th anniversary! They started out building voting systems for the state legislature and now their scoreboards and video displays can be found around the world. … Stopped for coffee before addressing the Sioux Falls Cybersecurity Conference earlier today, where I gave an update on cyber challenges and how we're working to address them in our cybersecurity subcommittee.pic.twitter.com/WziCJoKrHh Today's update:pic.twitter.com/6DViLXdrWo Here is today's update.pic.twitter.com/G4ZYUQpeop Today's updatepic.twitter.com/9gV5RWNjiz Good luck to the @SDCoyotesWBB as they take on TCU in the #WNIT quarterfinals at home tonight! #GoYotes Today’s updatepic.twitter.com/zyHkG5mADo Nobody wants a repeat of the 2011 Missouri River flood. This week's column:  … Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/uVnuURkKdP The boost we’re giving to our armed forces will strengthen missile defense, fund new weapons equipment and invest in measures to help us counter threats from our enemies such as ISIS and North Korea. After years of underfunding, the omnibus provides a $61 billion boost in funding for our armed forces, so they can be better equipped to defend our nation. The omnibus gives a 2.4 percent pay raise to our hardworking men and women in uniform – the largest pay increase for our troops in nearly a decade. The FARM Act, legislation I cosponsored to exempt farmers and ranchers from reporting to EPA livestock waste emissions, was included in omnibus.  … The FY18 spending bill provides $12 million in funding for Joe Foss Field in Sioux falls, so they can replace aging structures and construct a new aircraft maintenance facility. Great victory for SD. The omnibus bill passed by the Senate includes an additional $5 million in funding for Essential Air Service, a program which is vital to connecting our smaller, rural communities with the rest of the world. The Brownfields program provides funding for technical assistance grants to small communities and rural areas. I’m pleased the important program was included in the omnibus bill. The @nsuwolves_mbb won last night's game in double overtime and now move on to the #NCAA Div. II championship. Good luck and #GoWolves! The omnibus bill passed by the Senate includes an additional $5 million in funding for Essential Air Service, a program which is vital to connecting our smaller, rural communities with the rest of the world. I am pleased it was included in the omnibus package. This fix will protect our producers and grain operators from unintended consequences and help our ag economy flourish and grow.  … I thank Senators Hoeven, Thune and others for their leadership on this issue, as we have been working with our colleagues in Congress, co-ops, independent operators and producers on a legislative fix for some time. Omni includes fix to section 199A of the tax code. The inclusion of Section 199A in the tax law was always to maintain the status quo for the ag sector, not to give an unfair advantage to cooperatives over independent grain operators. Last summer, I led a letter with a number of our colleagues requesting this amount be appropriated for FY2018, and we were pleased to see they agreed to this request. Glad to see the omnibus includes $95 million for LBNF and DUNE, so the scientists at the @sanfordlab in Lead can continue their important research on neutrinos and dark matter. SD workforce depends on temporary, H2B visa workers to fill short-term, seasonal jobs each year when employers are unable to find U.S. workers to fill them. Omnibus includes language that provides path for admin to increase # of H2B visas by 69k for FY18.  … The omnibus includes a welcome delay of the ELD rule for live-load truckers for the remainder of FY18. More info here:  … Good luck to the @nsuwolves_mbb, who are playing in the #FinalFour tonight in Sioux Falls! #GoWolves Today's Missouri River updatepic.twitter.com/kpVFGKyyuF Update for today--pic.twitter.com/HVNS1dDmeb Websites that make a profit by providing a platform for sex traffickers must be held liable. The bill we passed today includes provisions to allow victims of sex trafficking to seek the justice they deserve. Read more:  … Congratulations to Carla Diede, a teacher at Harrisburg South Middle School, who was presented with the Milken Educator Award today for excellence in K-12 teaching.pic.twitter.com/WPzelbfpyM Sen. Abdnor was one-of-a-kind. Glad to have the chance to honor him last night. … Congrats to the @WolvesAthletics on the NCAA Division II Elite Eight win last night! First time in @NorthernStateU history. Wishing them luck as they move into the final four! #GoWolves Ellsworth Air Force Base plays a critical role in our national defense. Thanks to Colonel Edwards and Chief Master Sergeant Vizi for giving us an update on the good work they are doing to advance Ellsworth’s vital mission to our military capabilities.  …pic.twitter.com/qwGnAQc48r Our Sunrise Coffee has been canceled for tomorrow due to anticipated winter weather in DC, but our office will remain open. If you have a meeting with me or my staff tomorrow, and have any questions about how to get into the building, give us a call:  … Here is today's snowpack level and flood control update:pic.twitter.com/hh0lBUCsWU Thank you to the Impact Schools of South Dakota for your continued efforts to support the Impact Aid program. Impact Aid is important to our state--it serves 38 federally connected school districts in South Dakota.pic.twitter.com/2e1cO6RHIb Reactions to tariffs a concern for Rounds.   …pic.twitter.com/tamqklh3rh South Dakota’s farmers and ranchers play an integral role in feeding and fueling a growing global population. Today on #NationalAgDay, we thank them for the hard work they do!pic.twitter.com/das2XGZHv4 Today's update:pic.twitter.com/FUZXnKkRL2 We had planned to update you all on the water levels yesterday, but unfortunately the Corps did not release the data. This is the first time in over a year that a daily report has not been released. We have contacted them and will keep everyone updated. Today's Missouri River water levelspic.twitter.com/5C0bHENVq0 No. 8 seeded @GoJacksWBB take on No. 9 Villanova tonight in the #ncaaW tournament! #GoJacks #EarsUp The bipartisan Dodd-Frank reform bill we passed this week provides much-needed regulatory relief to community banks & credit unions, and includes protections for consumers. Read more in my weekly column:  … Joined @SenJohnThune and @RepKristiNoem in a letter to @DeptVetAffairs Secretary David Shulkin to press for answers on the future of Hot Springs. Read our full letter:  … Today’s snowpack and water level update comes as @NOAA, the federal scientific agency which studies weather & climate, issued a “2018 Spring Flood Outlook” report which says flooding is possible both the Upper and Lower Missouri River Basin.pic.twitter.com/oEcPGhOnS5 Here is the first of what we plan to be daily updates of the Missouri River snowpack & water levels.pic.twitter.com/lpYinkZVza Spring is just around the corner, and South Dakotans are rightfully concerned about the potential for flooding along the Missouri River. Starting today, we’ll be posting daily updates of the water & snowpack levels along the Missouri River Basin. WATCH:  … Every step we can take to provide relief to our lenders is a win for families and businesses who rely on them to finance their businesses, buy a home or save for college.  … Making sure families & businesses have access to credit when they need it is critical as we work to grow a #healthyeconomy. The bipartisan bill we passed tonight will strengthen our financial system and allow smaller and midsized banks to focus on serving their communities, not complying with layers of bureaucratic demands.  … The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act is be the most significant reform of Dodd-Frank since the law was enacted nearly a decade ago. #healthyeconomy #regrelief Enjoyed speaking with @SDState President Barry Dunn today about the "Wokini Initiative" they're working on, which would increase access to SDSU's educational opportunities for Native American students.pic.twitter.com/vnaXXg6hjk The @NFIB recently reported that small business confidence is at a record high. Our bipartisan bill, currently on the Senate floor, will further boost confidence by providing #regrelief to community banks & credit unions, so they can continue to support small biz & families. Access to capital is critical for SD communities looking to finance important construction projects like schools, roads & bridges. Our bipartisan banking bill includes a provision I intro’d to make it easier for municipalities to fund these projects.  … Great to see so many South Dakotans at our delegation coffee this morning! Call our office if you're planning to be in DC when Congress is in session so we can get you info on these events.pic.twitter.com/7D0pEuyIZa The economic growth & reg relief bill we are working on this week includes the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act, bipartisan legislation I intro’d last year to exempt smaller banks & credit unions from burdensome CFPB reporting requirements.  … Filled out my bracket today and I'll be cheering for the @GoJacksMBB! #GoJacks @marchmadness #MarchMadness2018pic.twitter.com/TPOjSMmYPo Today @USDOT announced an additional 90 day delay of ELD rules for live-load truckers. These new rules could have a significant impact on not only live-load truckers but the ag economy as a whole. I will continue to keep a close watch on the issue.  … Good luck to @DWUWBB, who will play in the NAIA Division II Women's championship game tonight in Sioux City. Go Tigers! @DakotaWesleyan Pleased our bipartisan banking bill includes provisions of my legislation to protect the credit of veterans who are awaiting delayed payments from the VA Choice program. Read more about the Protecting Veterans Credit Act here:  … Our bipartisan bill to provide #regrelief to South Dakota banks & credit unions includes provisions of Community Bank Access to Capital Act that I intro’d w/ @RoyBlunt. Will make it easier for them to raise capital and grow. More:  … Our bipartisan legislation will help South Dakota families & small businesses access the resources they need to invest in their communities & hire more workers. Joined @SquawkCNBC this morning to discuss. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/svgY22jACy Thanks to #taxreform and fewer burdensome regs, small businesses are feeling good about the economy – their confidence is higher than it has been in 35 years. Read more from @NFIB:  … #healthyeconomy Read my column this week to learn why the FARM Act is necessary for farmers and ranchers across the country who are working hard to safely and responsibly feed and fuel a growing global population  … SD farmers and ranchers should be focused on doing their job – not dealing with unnecessary and nonsensical reporting requirements. Special thanks to Todd Mortenson, a rancher from Hayes, who testified in support of our FARM Act  …pic.twitter.com/24eibj1wJy Had the opportunity to discuss our bipartisan #FARMAct with @BeltwayBeef following this morning's hearing. The FARM Act is needed to protect SD producers from unnecessary EPA regs. … SD farmers and ranchers should be focused on doing their job – not dealing with unnecessary and nonsensical reporting requirements. Special thanks to Todd Mortenson, a rancher from Hayes, who testified in support of our FARM Act  …pic.twitter.com/24eibj1wJy Had the opportunity to discuss our bipartisan #FARMAct with @BeltwayBeef following this morning's hearing. The FARM Act is needed to protect SD producers from unnecessary EPA regs. … The FARM Act prevents U.S. farmers and ranchers from being subject to needless regulations that have no environmental benefit. My full opening statement at today's @EPWGOP hearing on our bipartisan FARM Act:  … Our @EPWGOP subcommittee hearing on the FARM Act just started. You can watch the livestream here: … I'll be live w/ Greg Belfrage on @keloradio this morning around 8:05 CT. Tune in! … Congratulations to Derick Peters of West Central High School and Isaac Olson of Mobridge Pollock High School - the 2018 SD delegates at the U.S. Senate Youth Program. Derick and Isaac are incredible young leaders who are deeply involved in their communities. Way to make SD proud!pic.twitter.com/HnJXLe42gI Great to see Kelly and Karl today. Enjoyed the update on the exciting experiments going on at the @SanfordLab … Making sure families and businesses have access to credit when they need it is critical as we work to grow a healthy American economy. WATCH my speech on the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act:pic.twitter.com/kZiA5hGv00 Headed to the floor shortly to discuss the bipartisan Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief & Consumer Protection Act, which will provide much needed reg relief to community banks, credit unions & expand economic opportunities, esp in rural areas. Tune in:  … With fewer burdensome barriers to lending, banks and credit unions will be able to spend more time doing what they do best: support local communities & economic growth.pic.twitter.com/5unzhsFFEg Our #EconomicGrowth legislation, on the Senate floor this week, will help South Dakota banks better serve the needs of their communities.pic.twitter.com/iOpnRzeMjX The #Senate just voted to begin debate on our economic growth legislation that will provide much-needed relief to our banks and credit unions, so they can focus on serving their customers instead of regulatory burdens. #HealthyEconomy #FinancingGrowth The @SDCoyotesWBB face off against @GoJacksWBB this afternoon, and @GoJacksMBB take on the @SDCoyotesMBB tonight in the #SummitLeague championship games. Hope all teams have great games (but #GoJacks!). #March2TheSummit So far, more than 400 companies have announced pay raises, bonuses and other employee benefits due to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, including @tacojohns which has 36 locations in South Dakota. #TaxReform #HealthyEconomy #TacoTuesday I-90 closing immediately 5:27 p.m. from Mitchell to Sioux Falls - full closure - Murdo to Sioux Falls. I-29 closing at 6:30 p.m. CST from ND border to Iowa border. I'll be live with Ian on @KOTARadio in about 15 mins. Tune in!  Joined 25 senators in sending letter to @POTUS urging him to re-engage in Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade negotiations. Letter here:  … Thanks to @FRCdc for presenting me with the True Blue award. I’ll continue working to advance religious liberty and pro-life issues that are important to many South Dakota familiespic.twitter.com/SDC390oJAJ I hope everyone is enjoying #PresidentsDay2018! Today we commemorate all of our past presidents, especially President George Washington, the father of our country.pic.twitter.com/jjXW74dX2D I will continue to work with my colleagues to get results on pragmatic reforms to our border security and #immigration systems. Getting results is what you sent me here to do, and that’s what I intend to do.  … Introduced bipartisan legislation w/ @SenAngusKing and 15 others to provide $25 billion for enhanced border security, permanently fix DACA and begin making much-needed changes to our broken immigration system. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/PEjrqMNKMO Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims & all those impacted by today's senseless shooting in Florida. #PrayersforFlorida .@SenatorRounds on infrastructure: "What the president wants to do, I think, is the right thing in terms of fixing the infrastructure we've got in this country and improving it."pic.twitter.com/SEN9P8CVmF Rounds says cyber-adversaries must pay a price … Chaired a @SASCMajority #CyberSecurity Subcommittee hearing today to discuss the DoD's role in protecting democratic elections. DoD has important role to play in challenging & influencing the mindset of our cyber adversaries and defending U.S. from attacks.pic.twitter.com/cHuuGpme5p Headed to @SASCMajority to chair a Cyber Subcommittee hearing on @DeptofDefense role in protecting democratic elections. Tune in here:  … We continue to see the benefits of #TaxReform: nearly 350 companies have announced bonuses or other benefits to more than 3.5 million Americans. #TaxCutsandJobsAct #healthyeconomy I'll be live on @keloradio this morning to discuss #ImmigrationReform, #infrastructure & more. Tune in!  Joined 11 of my colleagues in a letter to @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Shulkin requesting that the VA reimburse veterans who were billed for emergency treatment at private hospitals. Letter here:  … Modern, reliable infrastructure is a key component of growing our economy & keeping Americans safe. Look forward to reviewing @POTUS' plan & continuing to work on this vital issue w/ my colleagues and stakeholders. Wishing all of our athletes competing in  Pyeongchang good luck at this year’s Winter Olympics!    … #PyeongChang2018 #WinterOlympics2018 #curling #TeamUSA This week’s column highlights the steps we’ve taken to provide #Obamacare relief to South Dakota families:  … Judge Wollman spent his career faithfully upholding the principles of the Constitution. My full statement on his decision to take senior status:pic.twitter.com/dPuBKWyGtc I'll be live on @KOTARadio in just about 5 minutes. Tune in at  I urge all of my colleagues to review @DeptofDefense Sec. James Mattis’ testimony yesterday on the devastating impact CRs have on our national security. We must provide our armed forces with the funding stability to adequately equip & train our troops. … Great to meet w/ so many South Dakotans at our Sunrise Coffee this morning! Many of the folks who attended are in town for different conferences, and I appreciated the opportunity to talk to them about issues impacting their businesses.pic.twitter.com/kuQhDPPNnz I spoke on the Senate floor today to urge my colleagues to support the defense appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2018. Providing long-term funding stability for our armed forces is vital to their ability to adequately train, equip and maintain the force.pic.twitter.com/thjGLSrCdH DOT recently announced an additional opportunity to comment on ELD rules regarding agricultural commodities. Here's the link to submit your comment:  …. Introduced the Access Business Credit Act today--would make it easier for community banks to provide capital to #smallbusinesses and #farms. Glad to have the support of @SDBankers & @ICBSouthDakota on this bill.  … Enjoyed meeting with members of @SDRuralWater who are in town for the National Rural Water Rally today.pic.twitter.com/BLstPb2tXN The defense appropriations bill will bring much-needed funding stability to DOD. It not only funds important readiness projects, it includes a 2.4% pay raise for our troops. Heading to #Senate floor to urge my colleagues to support defense appropriations bill that supports our troops. Tune in:  … Appreciate the efforts of Sens. McCain & Coons on their immigration proposal, but it does not go far enough to address border security, chain migration & H2B visa reform. Bipartisan group of senators continues to meet this week—hope to make headway & welcome their input. 317+ companies have announced wage increases & additional benefits as a result of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. In response, the US economy keeps gaining steam -- last month, jobs & wages grew at the fastest pace in eight years. #healthyeconomy This week's column: Last Year's Accomplishments lay Groundwork for More Changes in 2018. Read it here-- … Closely following reports of VA’s new approach to improve low-rating facilities.   Proven, trusted and consistent metrics for measuring the success of VA facilities are crucial as we seek to deliver the best possible care for our vets. … Today was Grandparents Day at St. Joseph’s School in Pierre. Pictured here with Grandma Jean, Great Grandma Rosemary, Micah (3rd grade) and Andrina (kindergarten). We are so proud of these two and all our grandkids. Being a grandparent is the best!pic.twitter.com/hOYSKriVUG Thank you to the first responders and law enforcement who acted quickly to help those injured today. We continue to pray for the truck passengers and their families during this difficult time. I'm on the train to the GOP retreat and am ok. There appear to be no serious injuries among train passengers. Keeping those in the vehicle in our thoughts & prayers. With just eight years until America’s 250th birthday in 2026, we must not let up on our efforts as we continue to make progress on our vision for America in which we are freer, safer and more prosperous for generations to come. #SOTU  … While we have much progress to be proud of, we also have much work to do, and it will take hard work from both parties in both chambers and the White House to accomplish our goals. #SOTU  … Tonight, President Trump laid out a long-term vision for our country. We all want a freer, more united country in which government is less intrusive and the American dream is possible for everyone. #SOTU  … The SD Council of Economic Advisors met today. We believe that the recent federal tax reform should increase take home pay and consumer spending. Looking forward to attending @POTUS @realDonaldTrump’s first State of the Union Address this evening. #SOTU Appreciate the opportunity to talk w/ @EPAScottPruitt at today’s @EPWGOP hearing about sound science & importance of corn ethanol. Watch:pic.twitter.com/MlSbzB0qI3 Joining @WNAX in about 15 mins to talk about the president's #StateOfTheUnion address tonight. Listen online at  Joined 35 colleagues in letter to @POTUS highlighting the benefits of #NAFTA to the U.S. and outlining how President Trump can improve the agreement. Full letter here:  … President Trump will deliver his first #SOTU address Tuesday night. Sen. Mike Rounds talked with #KSFY's Washington Bureau ahead of the speech to explain what he expects to hear from the President.pic.twitter.com/R99SjqQRp8 I'll be live on @todayskccr at 2 p.m. CT to discuss tonight's #StateOfTheUnion & other issues we've been working on in the Senate lately. Tune in  School nurses help keep our kids healthy & strong. Good to have School Nurse Cindy Begley of Rapid City stop by my office today to talk about the work she does to help SD's studentspic.twitter.com/dQplXSnMnq Proud to have been an original cosponsor of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Unborn children feel pain at the 20 week mark of pregnancy.  I will continue fighting for an end to this inhumane practice.  … Honored to participate in the Purple Heart Medal Ceremony in Flandreau on Saturday for WWII veteran Sylvan Vigness. Enjoyed seeing him finally receive the Purple Heart, surrounded by his family & friends. … Honored to participate in today’s Purple Heart Medal Ceremony for Sylvan Vigness of Flandreau, who is receiving this honor more than 70 years after sustaining injuries during a kamikaze attack in World War II. We are forever grateful for his service.pic.twitter.com/14TB7AHsWY Time is now to fix broken budget process & stop governing from crisis to crisis. Short-term CRs are no way to run a gov't. I continue working toward reforms to our budget process. Weekly column here:  … Honored to nominate Ryan Berry of Sioux Falls to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Wishing him all the best!  … Congratulations to Brookings High School senior Kashfia Rahman for being named 1 of just 300 scholars in the Regeneron Science Talent Search, one of the oldest & most prestigious science/math competitions in the country. We hope Kashfia and her family are very proud! Tonight the @SDCoyotesMBB play @GoJacksMBB in Vermillion for #1 spot in @thesummitleague. Cheering on my alma mater #GoJacks #FindAWay #summitleague South Dakota’s workforce depends on H2B visa workers to fill jobs during the busy construction & tourism seasons. Permanently increasing the cap for H2Bs remains a top priority for me as we continue ongoing discussions on DACA/border security/immigration reform.pic.twitter.com/9SJgLUOKNq Joined @FoxNews @BillHemmer today to talk about our ongoing discussions on border security, DACA, H2B reform & other immigration issues. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/FQiHRiSmbB ICYMI: @Chase to open 400 new branches, increase wages for 22,000 employees due to the new tax law, fewer burdensome regulations & a friendlier business environment. #TaxCutsandJobsAct #healthyeconomy … Ran into @SenatorCollins and the now-infamous “talking stick” - which broke more than just the ice during government shutdown negotiations this weekend. I told her to keep it handy, we may need it as we continue talks on govt funding, border security, etc!pic.twitter.com/ed7rzWSWwF In a few minutes, I’ll join @FoxNews @BillHemmer to discuss ongoing negotiations to fund the govt & address border security/immigration, including DACA and H2B reform. Tune in now. Up next on @CNN @NewDay, I’ll join @SenAngusKing to talk gov’t funding, immigration, border security, other issues.pic.twitter.com/Kf9U5YzAZP With the government shutdown coming to an end, we can get back to focusing our efforts on a long-term budget, adequately funding our troops, strengthening border security, permanently addressing DACA & immigration reform which includes H2B visa reform. My full statement on the government shutdown:  …pic.twitter.com/31xZXa6ab5 Tune in now--I'm live on @CNN with @AnaCabrera I'll be talking with @DanaPerino on @FoxNews in about ten minutes. Tune in! One South Dakotan's Purple Heart story, 73 years overdue  … Met w/ @DHSgov Sec. Kirstjen Nielsen to discuss ongoing border security & immigration reform efforts. Discussed increasing cap on the # of H2B visas so our seasonal tourism & construction industries can thrive.  …pic.twitter.com/Yhv4txX1gj After decades of waiting, World War II veteran Sylvan Vigness from Flandreau will finally receive the Purple Heart, 73 years after being injured aboard the U.S.S. Hinsdale in a kamikaze attack. It was an honor to share the news with him today.  …pic.twitter.com/TeMplLzU8B . @SenAngusKing and I do more than just grocery shop together--this AM we did a joint interview on @CNN to discuss our distaste for continuing resolutions and our shared commitment to working across the aisle to get our work done on time.pic.twitter.com/jOwvdq3vc8 In a few minutes, I'll have the privilege of introducing Col. John Henderson, a SDSM&T grad and SD native, at his @SASCMajority hearing to be the next Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations, Environment & Energy. Watch live:   .@SenatorHeitkamp (D-ND), @SenatorRounds (R-SD), and #healthcare experts join us today to discuss our new report focused on rural #healthcare. Watch LIVE at 9:30 am:  A reminder that Jan 19th is the last day to offer comments on Electronic Logging Device (ELD) rules, which could have significant implications for live-load truckers and the #ag economy. Submit comments here:  … Today we remember the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. His legacy continues to inspire us. #martinlutherkingdaypic.twitter.com/c06wtc64Ns Pleased to join my @EPWGOP colleagues in a letter to #EPA Administrator Pruitt in support of repealing previous admin's burdensome Clean Power Plan regulation. Letter here:  … #TBT Bill Cissell, editor of the new Sturgis Chronicle, sent me this pic today of an interview we did back when I was working as governor. Nearly every week the Senate is in session, I hold a media call w/ SD reporters to answer Q's and give an update on what we're working onpic.twitter.com/925VcQWlI8 The VA took a step in the right direction yesterday when it revised its regulations regarding payment/reimbursements to veterans who had to receive emergency treatment at non-VA facilities.  … Wal-Mart to raise hourly wages and expand parental leave benefits as a result of #TaxCutsandJobsAct. … I'll be on @keloradio w/ Greg Belfrage this morning around 8:05 CT. Tune in!  As a result of #taxreform, SD-based Great Western Bank announced it is raising minimum wage to $15, offering bonuses or wage increases for nearly 70% of its employees, increasing contributions to employee healthcare plans & to its community reinvestment program. "The average American family will get to keep more than $2,000 this year under The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act." – @SenatorRounds via @RCJournal … Under #GOP leadership, small businesses are roaring back to life, largely due to tax relief package and reduction in burdensome regulations. Look forward to building on this momentum in 2018! … Agree with my friend @SecretarySonny that technological innovation is crucial to rural America’s vitality. … "Over 100 U.S. companies have announced plans to increase wages, pay yearly bonuses, increase 401(K) matches and expand charitable contributions because of the tax reform bill." – @SenatorRounds via @RCJournal … "As we put money back in the pockets of all Americans—including our farmers and ranchers, we are also putting an end to the regulatory assault on your way of life." Happy belated birthday, @SenJohnThune. Hope you had a great weekend w/ your family! Some good news out today--one million Americans and counting will receive special bonuses due to #TaxReform  We're accepting applications for summer 2018 internships in our DC and SD offices now until Feb. 15--here's more info and how to apply:  … 2018 brings us one year closer to America's 250th birthday.  … Ready my op-ed in today's @dcexaminer: Trade is crucial, and the Ex-Im Bank is a vital part of it: … .@POTUS just signed our #TaxCutsAndJobsAct into law. Bigger paychecks, more jobs and a healthier economy. A great Christmas gift for South Dakota families! Joined @WolfBlitzer today to discuss our historic #taxrelief bill, national defense, debt concerns and myths about plans to cut mandatory payment programs. Watch:  … The @USDOT is now accepting public comments regarding the new ELD rules and how it affects agricultural commodities. Truckers and other stakeholders can voice their concerns here:  … Our historic #taxreform bill will create a healthy, more vibrant economy that we can pass onto our kids and grandkids. Read my full statement on the Senate passage of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct:  … The #Senate just passed historic tax reform that will lead to more jobs, higher paychecks and a fairer tax system for South Dakota families.pic.twitter.com/jBFDeZhKO2 The House just passed the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct, and it now heads to the Senate for final passage. Under our bill, Americans of all income levels will see a tax cut.pic.twitter.com/Ush6O6FegP By growing the economy, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will lead to more jobs and higher paychecks for the American people. … The conference report of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was just released. Read the text on my website here:   Joined @AFPSD director @donhaggar in Sioux Falls this morning to talk about the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct, which will provide more jobs, bigger paychecks and a fairer tax system. Watch:  … We had our bipartisan #SecretSanta exchange tonight and @SenWarren brought me @DunkinDonuts. Thank you!pic.twitter.com/kjJKzboavt Continuing to monitor Legion Lake fire, which has quickly grown to 35k acres & is one of the largest fires in Black Hills history. We stand ready to provide assistance if/when needed. Thank you to firefighters & first responders. Please be safe if you're in the area. Under our tax plan, middle-income Americans will get to keep more of their hard-earned dollars. #TaxCutsandJobsActpic.twitter.com/qEYKJtj2HV Happy #Hanukkah and best wishes for the new year!pic.twitter.com/D5MSBJmdws We're grateful to Amber for sharing her experience as a caregiver and are pleased that our provision to include caregivers in the transition process was part of the #NDAA signed into law today. … Today, @POTUS signed the #NDAA for fiscal year 2018 into law. The NDAA is one of the most important pieces of legislation that we pass each year. It authorizes funding for DOD so our armed forces are able to successfully carry out their missions.  … We continue to closely monitor the wildfires near #Custer State Park. Endless thanks to the emergency crews and firefighters from across the Black Hills, who are working in difficult weather conditions to contain the fire. Our broken budget system wastes taxpayer dollars and hurts our military. Read this week's column here:  … Just voted "no" on the Continuing Resolution. Read my full statement:  … Congratulations to the 114th Fighter Wing--you are truly deserving of this award. #SDNationalGuard … Joined a bipartisan group of 32 senators in calling for reauthorization of the Secure Rural Schools Program in any year-end legislation. SRS supports public schools, roads, forest health projects and much more.  … The bipartisan Alexander-Murray legislation would lower premiums, stabilize the market and provide meaningful flexibility and relief to states. … Today we remember the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice at #PearlHarbor 76 years ago. Thank you to all who wear the uniform of the United States of America, and who work to protect our freedoms every day.pic.twitter.com/MWFlS4XnFn .@SenatorRounds "The #TaxReform bill…takes meaningful steps to reform our tax code in a manner that will allow businesses to flourish again & families to keep more of their hard-earned dollars"  The “Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act" contains six provisions I introduced to improve the financial regulatory framework for banks and credit unions, encouraging economic growth in local communities.pic.twitter.com/NhW6FjEpm9 The #Senate Banking Committee just passed the “Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act," which will provide regulatory relief to South Dakota banks and credit unions.pic.twitter.com/UY3wOnKJbv Good meeting w/ @DucksUnlimited representatives from South Dakota and the Midwest today to discuss the importance of conserving our natural resources.pic.twitter.com/jbPILvnNLO The #TaxCutsAndJobsAct provides tax relief to hard-working American families, no matter what their income level.pic.twitter.com/vXUlzoixGc Honored to nominate 23 South Dakota high school students to our nation's service academies for 2018-2019 school year. Great group of kids.  … Finally got to meet our new grandson, Cohen!pic.twitter.com/PE8ggtYSWD The #Senate #taxreform plan means American families get to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks. #TaxCutsAndJobsAct #healthyeconomypic.twitter.com/u7XINoxKEk Joining @chucktodd on #MTPDaily are: @SenatorRounds, @SenatorCantwell and @RepCheri. And the panel includes Daniella Gibbs Leger of @amprog, @carolelee and @BradOnMessage. Tune in at 5pmET on @MSNBC! Please keep our military members and their families in your thoughts this holiday season. Many will be spending the holidays away from their loved ones. Thanks to @RedCross for organizing the holiday mail for heroes event so we could send some cards to our troops overseas.pic.twitter.com/w9A2pc67KV Our RESPECT Act to eliminate outdated, offensive laws against Native Americans was passed unanimously by the Senate last night.  … Jean and I are excited to introduce grandson Cohen Alexander, born yesterday. Andrina and Beckett are pretty proud older siblings!pic.twitter.com/zFnq2SZycN Today, @POTUS signed my bill, which I intro’d w/ @SenDonnelly, to combat opioid epidemic among vets by giving the VA authority to securely share patient data w/ state programs. Our bill will reinforce safe prescribing practices to cut down on opioid abuse & protect our veterans. Agree with Chairman Flute that there needs to be better transparency and accountability at IHS. We continue working to advance our bill that would call for an assessment of the agency. From @GrayDCnews: … As our economy continues to pick up steam, The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will build on this momentum & bring a healthier, more vibrant economy that has been missing for the past decade. … Will be on @WNAX Radio today around 5:15 CT. Tune in online at  I'll be live on @todayskccr in a few minutes to talk tax reform, my IHS assessment bill and more. Tune in at  Senate #TaxReform bill seeks to create jobs, raise wages and provide a fairer tax system for South Dakotans.pic.twitter.com/yjoGcahlgf #MainStreet businesses are the economic engines of our country that generated more than 60% of all new jobs over the past two decades. #SmallBizSatpic.twitter.com/IAmNXP2BTL #SmallBizSat is tomorrow, Nov 25. When we #ShopSmall, we support our local businesses and communities in South Dakota. We are wishing you all a very Happy Thanksgiving from the @Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade! Tune in & see which president is holding the turkey. Once you've spotted it, click the link to select your pick & you'll be entered to win a monumental trip to SoDak!  pic.twitter.com/Ru5aufnqJG The Military Times has named @DakotaState one of the best colleges in the nation for #military members or #veterans.   #DSUTrojanPridepic.twitter.com/UHA2sb9kXv READ my April column on internet privacy and net neutrality here:  … Chairman @AjitPaiFCC has announced FCC’s plans to undo overreaching Obama-era net neutrality. I believe it is important to preserve the light-handed approach to internet regulation that has been a breeding ground for technological advancements and innovation. Welcome back @sd_guard members of Company A, 139th Brigade Support Battalion who spent the past six weeks supporting hurricane recovery efforts in Puerto Rico. We are forever grateful for your service, both in & out of military conflict. Pleased to see @POTUS signed the VALOR Act into law, legislation I cosponsored with @SenTomCotton, @SenThomTillis  & @JerryMoran to streamline apprenticeship programs for our nation's veterans. Tribal leaders have hopes for Sen. Rounds IHS bill … I’m looking forward to the Grand Tree-Lighting Ceremony this evening at 7pm. Nearly 100 trees have been decorated this year and the tallest is 24.5 ft.pic.twitter.com/iqwicAuKs5 Today's announcement will give @USDOT more time to hear the concerns that truckers who transport live-loads and other agricultural products have with the new ELD rules. … Great night celebrating 100 years of @SDFarmBureau.pic.twitter.com/y59RJR3IUQ Bipartisan #banking bill seeks to roll back some 'one size fits all' Dodd-Frank regulations that are hurting community banks & credit unions. Glad that this bill includes 6 of my provisions. Read more here:  … A bill that @SenDonnelly & intro'd to give VA authority to securely share prescription drug data w/ state monitoring programs just passed the Senate. Glad to see this bill now head to @POTUS' desk to be signed into law.  … Joined @CNN @NewDay to discuss the #Senate tax reform bill. Our plan will lead to bigger paychecks and a stonger, more healthy economy.pic.twitter.com/l77V3s5FBd Congrats to Candace on being picked for this once in a lifetime experience! Hope she has a great time at the @WhiteHouse … Joined my colleagues on the Senate floor today to discuss our commitment to passing #taxreform legislation that will bring a better, healthier, more prosperous economy.pic.twitter.com/xiCBz817c3 Read my full statement on CFPB Director Richard Cordray's decision to step down by the end of the month.pic.twitter.com/IMzR9fF7OD #SiouxFalls startup community thrives among South Dakota’s traditional businesses   #business #startups #entrepreneurspic.twitter.com/wBj6PSXUu5 Tune in now: my colleagues and I are speaking on the Senate floor in support of #taxreform. Join the conversation here: … The individual mandate is an unpopular tax from an unpopular, unworkable law. We’re glad to see the Senate #taxreform bill eliminates the individual mandate in its latest draft.pic.twitter.com/F2NcAjitqy Students from McIntosh are in Washington this week with @CloseUp_DC. Had a good time visiting with them this morning about how our government works and ways they can get involved in our democracy.pic.twitter.com/dNAAZCHWEw SD delegation met today w/ Robert Weaver, nominee to be director of Indian Health Service. Glad that he agrees on the need for an assessment of the agency and on the importance of consultation w/ tribal leaders.pic.twitter.com/MdvCRU7dv2 Great to meet with @sdsmt's new president James Rankin today to talk about his priorities for the school and its students. Wish him the best of luck in his new role and look forward to working with him.pic.twitter.com/suBf2HyDjL In new #MountPodmore podcast, @SenatorRounds pledges fight for Indian health, explains motivation: … Read my full statement on the Senate tax reform proposal introduced earlier today by the Senate Finance Committee:  … Problems at IHS are at a crisis level. My IHS assessment bill had a hearing yesterday in the Senate--one step toward fixing the problems at the agency.  … … I'll be live on @belfrageshow this morning shortly after 8 CT. Hope you can tune in!   @keloradio WATCH: opening remarks at @IndianCommittee earlier today in support of my IHS assessment legislation.  …pic.twitter.com/789bSgqSOm My bill, S. 465, would set us on a path to address the long standing failures of IHS.  … I believe that a comprehensive assessment of IHS is a necessary first step toward making calculated and systematic changes at IHS. For many in my home state and across the country, fixing the broken IHS is literally a matter of life and death. IHS will continue to fail unless we take a close look into the operations, funding, quality of care, and management at IHS. While many believe that IHS is underfunded, from my standpoint, investing more taxpayer money into a dysfunctional system will only compound the problem. IHS lacks an efficient system and accountability; this needs to be addressed before we consider funding. For years, tribal members in South Dakota have dealt with unimaginable horrors in dealing with IHS facilities. Tune in now: @IndianCommittee is holding a legislative hearing on my bill to require a full assessment of failing IHS, first step in necessary reforms. Watch:  … Alexander/Murray is an opportunity to provide permanent, meaningful opportunities for states to opt out of many of Obamacare’s most egregious mandates, first time since O-care was enacted. If you’re watching Alexander/Murray debate on floor, remember Pres. Trump's hand was forced to end CSR payments b/c courts said they were unconstitutional. Obama ignored this. Trump made the right decision. Sen. Dems are on floor talking about the need 2 pass Alexander/Murray. Joining @SenAlexander at 4:45pm ET today to explain conservative case With Sisseton Wahpeton Chairman Dave Flute headed to @IndianCommittee to give remarks on my bill to require a full assessment of IHS. Watch live:   Joined my fellow senators, @KellyannePolls, @stevenmnuchin1 and other advocates today to highlight the need for #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/ptxAYNuvkV Joined @SenateGOP colleagues, tax reform advocates & admin officials to stress the need to provide tax relief to families & grow our economypic.twitter.com/2Bfsfr5xID Live now: our press conference w/ tax reform advocate groups on the need to provide tax relief to American families: … Sioux Falls is #1 small city in America for business & careers, according to @Forbes. … #VeteransDay is on Saturday. Be sure to thank veterans & their families for all they have done to keep us safe  … Jean and I are sending our thoughts and prayers to the victims of Sutherland Springs. Happy birthday to our son Chris! Like his dad, he asks for pumpkin pie instead of birthday cake pic.twitter.com/0zhVYQ2jsM .@POTUS made an excellent choice in nominating Mr. Powell to be the next chairman of Fed Reserve. I look fwd to continuing to work w/ him. Happy birthday South Dakota! We are celebrating 128 years of statehood today.pic.twitter.com/iCgqyrSrAm Today: @SenatorRounds sends letter to UN Ambassador Haley to tackle North Korean cyberthreats. Letter signed by Cruz, Rubio, Blumenthal, etcpic.twitter.com/BKgCqieZPx Sent letter to Amb. @nikkihaley urging UN Security Council to deter & aggressively punish #NorthKorea cyberattacks.  … Celebrating #Halloween with some #bipawtisanshippic.twitter.com/SdZuhz0Tq3 Sound, reliable science is vital for EPA to make the best decisions possible. My full stmt on EPA's new directive:  … Pleased to join @EPAScottPruitt today to announce steps @EPA is taking to improve independence, transparency on EPA advisory committees.pic.twitter.com/ouQlr5esWY I'll be live on @todayskccr in a few minutes to talk about tax cuts, health care reform and more. Tune in! Spoke w/ @NSSF about learning to hunt as a kid, teaching my kids about the sport & my preferred shotgun. Q&A here:  … … A reminder that internship applications for spring '18 are due in 2 days. More info:  … This evening in Timber Lake, US Secretary of Agriculture, @SecretarySonny met with the Intertribal Agriculture Council. #SDAgProudpic.twitter.com/TvlV1yB9bL Meeting w/Intertribal Agriculture Council in Timber Lake, SD. Agree that we need to examine regulations. Not everything is 1-size-fits-all.pic.twitter.com/6MSx236I7G Joined @SenAlexander in @WSJ op-ed today: Health Care Needs a Bipartisan Fix … South Dakota's Economy Benefits from NAFTA  … Glad to see @POTUS take steps today to combat devastating #opioidepidemic Today, the @USCBO found the Alexander/Murray health care bill would save taxpayers nearly $4 billion. Joined @FoxNews to discuss the latest.pic.twitter.com/2xpORQQEOO Rounds sends Farm Bill priority list to Senate Ag Committee.   …pic.twitter.com/xb73RsBibT Pleased to join @SenJohnHoeven & @SenatorTomUdall on a resolution to recognize November as National Native American Heritage Month Thanks for all the well-wishes. Looking forward to spending my evening presiding over the senate, beginning at 8pm, until we close down. #Senate just passed emergency bill to provide much needed hurricane relief to Florida, Texas and Puerto Rico White River: Korean War soldier Philip Iyotte coming home today for final rest. Riders warming horses for last six miles of trip.pic.twitter.com/PB6dLNL9CY With the grandkids before today’s hunt. Hope everyone is having a great opening weekend!pic.twitter.com/oxWnHOPMdX We're accepting internship applications for spring 2018 now. Submit applications online before Nov 1:  … Attended a roundtable w/ DOT and SD truckers today to talk about hours-of-service & Electronic Logging Device rules set to take effect soonpic.twitter.com/kvojkhobQH Opening weekend is a South Dakota tradition. Wishing everyone a safe and fun hunt this weekend.  …pic.twitter.com/S8dl1CqXyD Cosponsored bipartisan Alexander/Murray bill intro'd yesterday-will stabilize markets & give flexibility to states  … Yesterday, our staff members met with the Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe during their mobile office hours.pic.twitter.com/CZYLsxJYjS .@SenatorRounds, @SenRonJohnson and @ChrisVanHollen all join Chuck today on a busy #MTPDaily. Tune in at 5pmET on @MSNBC! Attended a roundtable w/ DOT and SD truckers today to talk about hours-of-service & Electronic Logging Device rules set to take effect soonpic.twitter.com/kvojkhobQH We're accepting internship applications for spring 2018 now. Submit applications online before Nov 1:  … ICBA backs @SenatorRounds bill to enhance community bank access to capital, boost lending   Neighbors helping neighbors is the South Dakota way. From @ksfynews: … Intro'd bill w/ @RoyBlunt to support & strengthen lending in local communities.  … I'll be live on @belfrageshow today around 8:30 CT. Tune in! Pleased that @EPAScottPruitt has ended "sue and settle" practices at EPA.  … Tune into @FoxNews now: I’ll be live with @TeamCavuto momentarily to discuss #taxreform Congratulations, Governor. @USDOL made a great choice in including you in the President's Apprenticeship Task Force. … Joined @FoxNews to discuss the christening ceremony for the USS South Dakota, which I was able to attend this weekend.pic.twitter.com/tL2UmpCoQp An honor to attend the christening ceremony for the USS South Dakota today. It will play important role in nat'l security for decades.pic.twitter.com/Gfb2smX2gZ The month of October is #CyberSecurity Awareness Month. My column this week includes tips to stay safe online:  …pic.twitter.com/kz51X4NzFH Today may be #NationalFarmersDay, but we rely on #farmers every day to feed and fuel a growing global population. #ThankaFarmerpic.twitter.com/ZjR7Mh9fSs Today we celebrate Native American Day. The history & culture of Native Americans is woven into the fabric of our country and our state.pic.twitter.com/p1pMxN7Oq0 Following consultation w/ SD farmers & ranchers, sent list of farm bill priorities to #Ag Committee leaders  … Manufacturing makes up one-tenth of U.S. economy. Proud to celebrate South Dakota's manufacturing industry today, and every day! #MFGDay17 Ag Lender Flexibility: @SenatorRounds Introduces #FSA Loan Guarantee Enhancement Act  … via @AmericanAgNetpic.twitter.com/YDmreX1rXx Spoke on the Senate floor today in support of a fairer, simpler #tax code to improve economy, create new jobs, increase wages #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/A0mqAcw45J Construction on #MountRushmore began on this day 90 years ago. #GreatFacesGreatPlaces … Happy birthday to these 2 fun-loving ladies! My wife Jean and our granddaughter Andrina share a birthday today.pic.twitter.com/6UZyyqd74c Thank you, @SDGovDaugaard, @SenJohnThune,@SenatorRounds, @RepKristiNoem for statements supporting S. D. newspapers. #NationalNewspaperWeekpic.twitter.com/HaXK9xhSbC I'll be live on @KOTARadio today around 4:45 p.m. MT. Hope you can tune in! Wishing a very happy birthday to our youngest son John today!pic.twitter.com/5zKIQl1nCF It is #NationalNewspaperWeek, a time to highlight the importance of trustworthy, factual journalism. My column:  …pic.twitter.com/lp4AIdmjpO Praying for victims & families of the horrible shooting in Las Vegas. Thank you to first responders for your bravery. #PrayForLasVegas Enjoying a cup of coffee on National Coffee Day with my favorite father-in-law on his 92nd birthday.pic.twitter.com/aLnrD97JA4 Happy #NationalCoffeeDay! What's your favorite kind of coffee?pic.twitter.com/bCKnxO77jo Urged @EPAScottPruitt to release final '18 Renewable Volume Obligations by Nov. 30 & asked for cont. support of RFS.  … Joined @TeamCavuto @FoxBusiness today to discuss the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico & administration's ongoing efforts to provide reliefpic.twitter.com/ROXfUQ3yd5 @SenatorRounds takes health care questions in ‘tele-townhall' … Congratulations to Jim Abbott on his retirement! Since '97, Jim has worked tirelessly to make @usd the outstanding university it is today. … Enjoyed my time conferencing into @usd Professor Damgaard's political science class this afternoon.pic.twitter.com/A2eYBTS25K What a great crew at this morning's SD Sunrise Coffee! Enjoyed meeting w/ folks from all across the state today.pic.twitter.com/21jiDh8DKu I'll be live on @WNAX around 4:30 CT. You can listen online at  Ask the Senator with @SenatorRounds is LIVE on 1240 AM and  Rapid City ammunition company gets $50M contract with U.S. Navy.  Sen. Rounds...   Internet plays vital role in nearly every aspect of our lives today – including our finances. Asked SEC Chairman about cybersecurity today:pic.twitter.com/9nUbL19nvb As @SenateMajLdr said this morning, we stand ready to assist Puerto Rico & USVI on #hurricane recovery. … Joined @MSNBC this AM to talk about new sanctions on #NorthKorea. Prefer to pursue diplomatic solution, but all options remain on the tablepic.twitter.com/Y3WXSZywSt This year's NDAA will strengthen our armed forces & make life better for our men & women in uniform.  … .@POTUS decision to impose new sanctions on North Korea is a step in the right direction.pic.twitter.com/1Gg6YlELEs Happy birthday, @SD_Guard! Thank you for all you do to keep us safe. … Ellworth Air Force Base in SD plays a critical role in our national security. Enjoyed meeting w/ airmen & women stationed there today.pic.twitter.com/DGJiLA7Yzj The Senate just passed #NDAA--includes 12 provisions I offered. Glad to see it pass w/ strong bipartisan support.  … WATCH: This morning I joined @CNN @PoppyHarlowCNN to discuss North Korea.pic.twitter.com/qIyuN42ECx Today, the @usairforce celebrates 70 years. Thank you to the men and women who serve! #AFBdaypic.twitter.com/WMN7kFanbI Read my #ConstitutionDay op-ed in today's @dcexaminer on @POTUS' action to return DACA policy decisions to Congress:  Preserving the Constitution means putting DACA in Congress' hands   by @SenatorRoundspic.twitter.com/8o8X67DLuU In a few minutes, I will be live on @FoxNews @SundayFutures with @MariaBartiromo to talk about health care, national security. Tune in! Our national debt recently surpassed $20 trillion. Time is now to address tax reform & mandatory payment programs  … ICYMI: Had the chance to talk to @cspanwj about my time spent serving as South Dakota's governor--truly the greatest job in the world.pic.twitter.com/4VnZLbkMPx Looking forward to joining the @belfrageshow around 8:05 am CT today. Tune in or listen online at  . Introduced the HONEST Act today to strengthen transparency & promote sound science at the EPA.  …pic.twitter.com/l5nnlW9ON5 Trade agreements vital to #SouthDakota’s economy by @SenatorRounds  … via @capitaljournal Today we are remembering and honoring the lives of those lost in the horrific #September11th terror attacks. We will #NeverForget.pic.twitter.com/vpy1tZ0W90 Spoke w/ @chucktodd today about coming together as a country in times of crisis. Praying for those impacted by Hurricanes Harvey & Irma.pic.twitter.com/LL5BfYXiQ5 Congratulations to @DakotaPlainsAG on the grand opening of your new Napa Facility in Yankton! Wishing you all the best.pic.twitter.com/TzTiRGdYPe Congrats to Dr. Brett Bradfield, the newly-appointed president of the @USiouxFalls. Best of luck in your new role! … South Dakotans agree w/ @POTUS’s ND speech: we need a pro-growth #tax policy that creates jobs & increases our competitiveness overseas. Agree with @POTUS that we must lower #taxes to promote growth & jolt our economy.  … This week's column: Thank you for your hospitality.  …pic.twitter.com/Iy5yS915Oj Enjoyed my time at the state fair yesterday!pic.twitter.com/NX7flYhVig Today we're wishing a very happy 5th birthday to our granddaughter Isabel!pic.twitter.com/LTSbOD7Iqi Sylvan Lake - one of the true natural treasures of our statepic.twitter.com/p7temdvwh2 Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of former SD Senate Majority Leader Roger McKellips. We will keep the McKellips family in our prayers Thanks to those who participated in today's @EPWGOP sub. hearing in Pierre, which focused on the Army Corps' mgmt of the Missouri River.pic.twitter.com/WcaL6uJ0nr Catch live at 10AM CDT: Subcommittee hearing chaired by  @SenatorRounds on Army Corps' management of Missouri River:  Today's EPW subcommittee hearing in #Pierre will be livestreamed by @SoDakPB. Watch here, starting at 10am CT:  We had 100+ at our coffee & conversation in Deadwood today - great discussion about taxes, health care, nat security, vets issues & more.pic.twitter.com/TSvfyPmvma Had a great discussion with Rapid City business owners today about the need to reduce regs & lower taxes. Thanks to all who participated!pic.twitter.com/uTxSqnvmu4 I'll be live on the @belfrageshow this morning around 8:05 CT. Tune in at   @keloradio Thanks @SDFarmBureau for hosting today's ag forum with me, @SenJohnThune, @RepKristiNoem and SD producers. … Thanks to everyone who came to my coffee in Chamberlain today. Great questions about health care, tax reform, immigration and more.pic.twitter.com/O4Y3GxJ7kD Glad to see Post-9/11 GI Bill reform legislation was signed into law today. Will improve edu opportunities for #vets  … Great to see so many producers at #Dakotafest today. Appreciated hearing from you as discussions begin on the upcoming farm bill.pic.twitter.com/fo8uzZ3M43 Appreciate the opportunity to stop to thank all of YOU for working selflessly to improve the lives of your neighbors and your community. … No #Dakotafest trip is complete without a #milkmustache picture with the South Dakota Dairy Princess.pic.twitter.com/CA5Vi8yXJI A reminder that I'm holding an open coffee event at the Chamberlain Community Center today at 3:30 pm. Hope to see you there! Thanks to all who attended today's @AFPSD luncheon in Sioux Falls. Appreciated the opportunity to discuss tax reform & other issues w you.pic.twitter.com/fvqRjPgmMa "I'd like to have a plan B in place," should tax reform fail, Rounds says - here's his contingency plan … Appreciated the opportunity to stop by the VSO steak fry tonight at the American Legion in Pierre.pic.twitter.com/2ID1BtbluB Thoughts & prayers to the victims in Charlottesville. There is no place in America for the hatred & evil of neo-Nazi’s & white supremacists. Congratulations to Sioux Falls on your win! Good luck at Little League World Series The U.S. stands strong against foreign aggression. Read this week's column here:  … Staff are holding mobile office hours in Winner tomorrow, Aug 10, from 10am-noon at City Hall. I'll be live on @KOTARadio today at 4:45 p.m. MT. You can listen online at  Staff are holding mobile office hours at Hutch's Cafe in Presho tmrw from 8-10am. Stop by if you need help dealing w/ a fed agency Wishing all #SturgisRally bikers & visitors a safe & fun-filled trip! #sturgis2017  …pic.twitter.com/rwvTdRhAAc .@SenatorTomUdall & I intro'd bill to make sure women serving in National Guard & Reserves can count maternity leave toward years of service Senate just passed bill to improve, enhance Post-9/11 GI Bill for #veterans. Glad to support this measure that included 3 of my provisions. Glad to see @POTUS sign into law needed sanctions against Russia, Iran & North Korea. My statement here:  … My opening statement at today's @EPWGOP Subcommittee hearing is available here:  … Happening now: WATCH: @EPWGOP subcommittee hearing on the Superfund program:   Happy 90th birthday, Grandpa Don! We look forward to celebrating with the family this weekend.pic.twitter.com/67iEq2jpT5 Kwinn from our Rapid office was in Martin & Kadoka meeting w/ residents about issues in their communities, including tax & regulatory reformpic.twitter.com/9egO4aFySp Congrats to @Pierre_Post8 on your huge win this weekend! SD Class A state baseball tournament champs … 'Skinny' bill is the next step to repeal and replace success in conference committee. As they say, "making sausage isn't pretty." Had a great visit on the ‘skinny’ bill w team GOP today. Looking forward to help achieve 51 votes we need to keep repeal/replace alive. Glad I had a chance to meet w/ SD students in town for American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation & @AmericanLegion Boys Nation this afternoonpic.twitter.com/p7Byw6Rr8X The administration is now accepting comments from stakeholders as they seek to rewrite previous admin's WOTUS rule: … Congrats to Ellen Schlecter of Orient, @NFIB Young Entrepreneur of the year! Ellen created The Calving Book, an app to keep track of cattle.pic.twitter.com/MI6jdeGNG3 COMING UP: @chucktodd sits down with @SenatorRounds and @RepEdRoyce. Plus, @kenvogel, @amyewalter and @MichaelSteele. Tune in! #MTPDaily Glad Veterans' Affairs Cmte unanimously passed Post 9/11 GI reform bill, includes 3 of my provisions to help vets … Tune in now: In a few minutes, I'll join @FoxNews live from Capitol Hill to discuss the Senate health care bill and other news of the day. Enjoyed talking ag policies, leadership w/ SD FFA officers Dalton Larson and Clayton Sorum today--in DC for @NationalFFA annual conference.pic.twitter.com/hQW7a5tsYW I'm live on @WNAX right now to discuss health care. Tune in at  .@Merchen605 enjoyed our meeting today--thanks to both of you for taking the time. … My full statement on today's vote to begin debate on Obamacare repeal & replace legislation:  … Best of luck to the 200th Engineer Company during their nine month deployment to the Middle East. We look forward to your safe return.pic.twitter.com/EFxDDXA6LL 