This morning, I welcomed Judge Brett Kavanaugh, @POTUS Trump’s outstanding #SCOTUS nominee, to the Senate. I look forward to hearing his testimony, and to voting on his nomination on the floor.pic.twitter.com/KzXdpGvf70 What lesson can we learn from all this? Write to the Senate Democrats in confidentiality and you’ll wind up a household name.pic.twitter.com/Lh2Jnn4mEZ Democratic colleagues did not treat Dr. Ford or her allegation with the seriousness and discretion she deserved. At the 11th hour, when its introduction was certain to introduce further delay, they got it to the press. So much for Dr. Ford’s request for confidentiality, I guess. My Democrat friends might want to consider this from then-Judiciary Committee Chairman JOE BIDEN (D-DE) In 1991: The ‘FBI Explicitly Does Not, In This Or Any Other Case Reach A Conclusion, Period’pic.twitter.com/NvAI3RqevL Democrats sat on Dr. Ford’s letter for weeks. They kept it secret. They did nothing. And then they threw Dr. Ford’s wishes for confidentiality overboard and leaked it to the press. Does this sound like people who want to get to the truth? … Senate Democrats ignored Dr. Ford’s request for discretion and confidentiality and cheered on a public smear campaign based on uncorroborated allegations. I’m grateful to @ChuckGrassley for handling this with seriousness and responsibility and scheduling Thursday’s hearing. One side is handling these sensitive matters with dignity, with professionalism… by the book. And we have another side that chose to sit on allegations and keep them secret until they were leaked to the press. This is America. Evidence matters. Facts matter. We have never been - and do not wish to be - a society in which a single, uncorroborated allegation can wield veto power over somebody’s life. Everyone deserves better than this.pic.twitter.com/lPazbl1crl The American people know sexual misconduct is serious. They expect this matter to be treated seriously. That’s what @ChuckGrassley has done and is doing. He has acted transparently in the pursuit of truth, and he has treated this matter with kindness and respect. @senjudiciary Let’s put aside the last-minute smears. Let’s return to the facts. Let’s have a fair hearing on Thursday. It remains beyond reasonable dispute that Judge Kavanaugh’s legal brilliance and excellence on the bench make him one of the very most qualified Supreme Court nominees in memory. Hundreds of men and women who have known Brett Kavanaugh across his life have written or spoken out that he is a man of strong character and tremendous integrity. Numerous witnesses testified that Brett Kavanaugh is a trusted mentor, and a lifelong champion of women. Here are the facts before us: This is an allegation of misconduct which all four supposed witnesses either flatly contradict or are unable to back up. It’s not just one alleged witness disagreeing with the allegations -- it’s literally every person who was supposedly there. Democrats and their allies are trying to destroy a man’s personal and professional life on the basis of unsubstantiated and uncorroborated allegations. This is a smear campaign, pure and simple…aided and abetted by members of the United States Senate. To some, the ends justify the means. Yet again, Senate Democrats actively withheld information from the rest of the Judiciary committee. … Democrats have perpetuated false, unfair and unfounded attacks on Judge Kavanaugh.  …pic.twitter.com/8jjFwugLNY G’Mar Tov. And may you have an easy fast to all observing Yom Kippur. The Senate just passed a crucial appropriations bill for the upcoming fiscal year. It fully funds vital priorities for defense, education and healthcare. Next week Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh will testify to the Senate Judiciary Committee under oath. But we should not have gotten to this point. That this process has played out with so little order and so little sensitivity lies solely at the feet of Senate Democrats. To every American affected by the opioid epidemic, more help is on the way.pic.twitter.com/lACuv2BOHa Happy 71st birthday to @usairforcepic.twitter.com/Xt0WXdZYAa The Senate has just passed the landmark Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018. This legislation is a big additional step to help combat this nationwide epidemic. #CAREERAct Senate Dems had ample opportunity to raise this allegation through regular order, including in closed session. They chose instead to leak it to the press. Moving forward, I am confident in Chairman @ChuckGrassley’s ability to proceed through this process. … The Senate stands with all those affected by hurricane #florence and we stand ready to ensure communities in the storm’s path have the resources they need to recover and rebuild. The Senate will vote today on landmark legislation to address the #opioidcrisis, including my #CAREERAct, which helps recovering individuals find their footing and stay sober.pic.twitter.com/d5UOyn92PQ pic.twitter.com/hRwcZiSkoE Dishonest attacks and half-truths are all that’s left for our colleagues who made up their minds long ago they would oppose Judge Kavanaugh no matter what.pic.twitter.com/bEmnNZ6OmP Judge Kavanaugh demonstrated the intellectual brilliance and thoughtful temperament for which he is so widely known.  He showed exactly why he is universally acknowledged as a leading legal mind, and exactly why he will make a phenomenal Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Last week, the nation watched the president’s outstanding Supreme Court nominee, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, testify before the Judiciary Committee. They saw Chairman @ChuckGrassley guide the committee with gracious, strong leadership and an incredible amount of patience. I’m so pleased this landmark legislation includes two of my bills - the CAREER Act, to help individuals in recovery transition back into the workforce and access housing services, and step up accountability on federal efforts to combat addiction among pregnant mothers. The Opioid Crisis Response Act will cut the supply of illegal drugs that pour over our borders, make it easier for communities to invest in recovery efforts, extend a helping hand to families and caregivers, and provide for the longer-term medical innovation we need. Continuing the Fight Against a National Emergency with the Bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response Act.pic.twitter.com/D0JYibxWj9 The Senate will vote to advance the nomination of Charles Rettig to serve as Commissioner of the IRS. This nomination comes at a crucial time as the federal government continues to implement once-in-a-generation tax reform. On appropriations, this week’s bills contain $147 billion for projects ranging from infrastructure improvements, environmental cleanup, military family housing and nuclear security. These are national priorities with local impacts in every one of our states. We will never forget. #September11pic.twitter.com/iqL56zsp8p pic.twitter.com/sHQuK28YQg I want to thank Chairman @ChuckGrassley for leading @senjudiciary through a thorough, transparent examination of Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications. The Senate is fortunate to have a fair, gracious, and dedicated public servant at the helm of this important process. Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial temperament and brilliance were on full display during this week’s hearings. It’s easy to see why he is widely viewed as one of the finest legal minds in the nation. He will make an excellent Supreme Court Justice. Judge Kavanaugh gets an A++ from the American Bar Association.pic.twitter.com/VWdmkC8I3j The Senate continues its fight against the opioid epidemic devastating American families. I am proud that my #CAREERAct is a key part of the #OpioidCrisisResponse Act of 2018. I look forward to its passage next week.pic.twitter.com/yiew7dE0UK The Senate confirmed 8 more of @POTUS’s judicial nominees today. Sat down with @hughhewitt today. We talked about a range of topics, including Judge Kavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/DOkZZBLoNX Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an impressive, brilliant and mainstream nominee. He gave thoughtful, expansive answers while also respecting the independence of the judiciary. I look forward to more excellent testimony from Judge Kavanaugh today. .@SenateMajLdr on Brett Kavanaugh: "The president has nominated an all star." #SpecialReportpic.twitter.com/cI1igfXJim With @BretBaier on @SpecialReport @FoxNews #TuneIn #BreakingAllTheNewspic.twitter.com/nlvuXfPaMM Looking forward to being on Special Report with @BretBaier at 6 PM EST tonight. I’m happy that our colleagues have chosen @JimInhofe to serve as the next chairman of the Armed Services Committee. He possesses rich experience on the committee, including decades of work on behalf of American servicemembers, as well as his own military service. Congress has a lot to accomplish in the coming weeks. I could not be happier that we’ll have Jon Kyl back with us to help see it through.pic.twitter.com/Hb4vFCsJLY The hyperventilation and orchestrated antics at this morning’s hearing won’t persuade anyone.pic.twitter.com/4J7eJfQxxC I look forward to working with Jon Kyl as we continue making progress for the American peoplepic.twitter.com/yAqYcqycAe Robert Bennett, one of President Bill Clinton’s lawyers, wrote this in support of Judge Kavanaughpic.twitter.com/5ZFNyyoBcl Those familiar with Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial record and temperament come away impressed. Here’s what Lisa Blatt, a prominent litigator, and a self-described “liberal democrat and feminist” had to say about Judge Kavanaugh:pic.twitter.com/xTH35vX6nc Senate Judiciary Committee Democrats Rallied Against Judge Kavanaugh Before The Ink Was Dry On His Nomination … Legal Scholars And Experts Recognize Judge Kavanaugh As ‘Immensely Qualified For The Supreme Court’. … We thank God for giving this country @SenJohnMcCainpic.twitter.com/iDxSJmofOA The American Bar Association “has determined by a unanimous vote that Judge Kavanaugh is ‘Well Qualified’ for the position of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court” – its highest possible rating. Leading Democrats’ have called this the Gold Standard. It is only right that today, near the end of his long journey, John lies here -- in this great hall, under this mighty dome, like other American heroes before him. Here, as a “restless wave” approaches the shores of eternity, we thank God for giving this country John McCain. John McCain had America’s fighting spirit, our noble idealism, our solemn patriotism, and our slightly irreverent streak -- all rolled into one. We gather to recognize a great loss and celebrate a great life. We celebrate six decades of devotion to the American idea and the cause of human freedom. Generations of Americans will continue to marvel at the man who lies before us.pic.twitter.com/8EXFAVgFBH Senators remember American hero, @SenJohnMcCain.  He will be missed.pic.twitter.com/wG0wJPZr50 Don McGahn is the most impressive White House Counsel during my time in Washington.pic.twitter.com/jaPy7mFlyf A growing and vibrant economy, helped along by Republican policies, is creating more and more opportunities for everyone. … The Senate’s having a productive summer. We’ve passed appropriations that cover 87% of next year’s discretionary spending. We’ve authorized resources for our armed forces in a bill named for Sen. McCain. And this month, we’ve confirmed eight more of @POTUS’s judicial nominees I’ve announced the formation of a bipartisan ‘gang’ to come up with a suitable, lasting tribute to the legacy of our friend @SenJohnMcCain While @SenJohnMcCain proudly served with us as Arizona’s senator, he was America’s hero all along.pic.twitter.com/ZyGliRN6x2 The United "McTeam"pic.twitter.com/IyMJvAOEFg John and I agreed on key issues and disagreed strongly on others. I’m just glad we never found ourselves in opposite dugouts.pic.twitter.com/bpVqKEBr0N America will miss her devoted son. I will miss my friend.pic.twitter.com/VDXJ2ZqHQx In memoriam.pic.twitter.com/wftml7b2z4 In coordination with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan , Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, I am honored to announce today that the late Senator John S. McCain will Lie in State at the United States Capitol Rotunda.pic.twitter.com/X4tZX7fXtl Today, the nation mourns the loss of a great American patriot. My full statement on the passing of @SenJohnMcCainpic.twitter.com/yKDgnPw6vm Thank you @IvankaTrump for partnering with Congress on the "Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act." Proud to fund career and technical education in states like #Kentucky and across America to empower American workers. #PerkinsCTE  … Very sad to hear this morning’s update from the family of our dear friend @SenJohnMcCain. We are so fortunate to call him our friend and colleague. John, Cindy, and the entire McCain family are in our prayers at this incredibly difficult hour. The Senate has received more documents for Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination than for any #SCOTUS nomination in history.pic.twitter.com/9yzSw2CfP4 In just a few days, @senjudiciary will begin hearings for Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the #SCOTUS.pic.twitter.com/5ebQXR54XJ In my home state of Kentucky, we’re looking forward to increased funding for Pell Grants, and the millions we’ve secured to support work colleges like @bereacollege and @ALCeagles. This continues to be a productive August in the US Senate. Funding @DeptofDefense, @USDOL, @HHSGov, and @usedgov will make America stronger - overseas and right here at home. That’s why I announced today that the Senate will continue working through August until another set of @POTUS’s nominees is completely confirmed. Historic Obstruction. @POTUS's nominees have already been subjected to more than four times as many cloture votes as the nominees of his six most recent predecessors combined in their first two years.pic.twitter.com/vIiQfg9vlB We’re funding more resources for treatment, prevention, and recovery programs to address the opioid epidemic. There’s over $100 million in targeted help for rural communities -- like those in Kentucky -- which continue to bear the brunt of this national crisis. The Senate’s funding for Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education will provide $220 million for dislocated workers, with a special $30 million emphasis on displaced workers in rural communities, like those I represent in Eastern and Western Kentucky I’m proud that, on this Congress’s watch, our economy has produced so many job opportunities. That growth and prosperity need to reach all families and all communities. The appropriation measures the Senate is considering this week invest in human capital from all angles. During the Obama years, West Virginia’s economy was hit hard. But today, the state’s unemployment rate has been lower during each of the past 19 months under this united Republican government than it was during any month of the Obama administration. Tackling the opioids crisis remains a big bipartisan priority for the Senate.pic.twitter.com/buScLaWFKv I am grateful the Trump administration is unveiling its plan to pare back this unfair, unworkable, and likely illegal policy. … I applaud @POTUS’s plan to pare back the Obama administration’s unfair, unaffordable, and likely illegal “Clean Power Plan”pic.twitter.com/8vbhRqLEOs The Senate just confirmed the 26th circuit court judge of @realDonaldTrump's presidencypic.twitter.com/OitARqdnVl Tax reform, along with all our other pro-growth policies, has contributed to a healthy economy that is paying dividends for American workers and middle-class families.pic.twitter.com/5miQnT71XS From D-Day to the War on Terror and beyond, #NationalAirborne day celebrates the brave warriors who keep our nation safe, including those of @101stAASLTDIV @FortCampbellpic.twitter.com/h68OzA4dCP Getting this legislation done for the men and women who wear the uniform was one of our top priorities. The NDAA authorizes the resources that our men and women in uniform depend on, from Ft. Knox and Ft. Campbell in my home state of Kentucky to installations around the country -- and around the world. Today, @POTUS signed the John S. McCain 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. It gives U.S. servicemembers a raise and authorizes vital programs for our nation’s defense. I’m very proud of this legislation. Today, Chairman @ChuckGrassley announced the hearings for Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. I look forward to the Senate’s consideration of this outstanding nominee. … This good economic news is an inconvenient truth for Senate Democrats, who have opposed our pro-growth policies. But the rest of America isn’t hiding from these numbers. We’re celebrating them. We learned last week that second quarter real GDP growth exceeded 4%. That’s the best quarterly growth rate in four years and one of the strongest reports since the Great Recession. The Senate just confirmed the 24th circuit court judge of @realDonaldTrump's presidencypic.twitter.com/CLwiJuXbMb What’s really startling is when prominent Democrat leaders let far-left talking points form the basis for their own policy positions. Senate Democrats advocating to #AbolishICE? @JohnCornyn had it right: “Get a grip.” The #AbolishICE movement has said our nation would be better off with no borders and no immigration laws. Period. But the American people know @ICEgov’s mission is essential, and the nation is better for it. The men and women of @ICEgov help protect American families and communities.pic.twitter.com/z4C5COpHHE #AbolishICE – the new litmus test for Democrats?  Proud to visit @ICEgov in #Louisville, #Kentucky to personally express my support to the brave men & women who help enforce our immigration laws. Fighting for a safe & secure America, with secure borders & strong law enforcement.  pic.twitter.com/NyefyUAwso Today, Vice President Pence is visiting West Virginia to discuss Republicans’ pro-growth agenda. The state’s unemployment rate has been lower every month under this united Republican government than it was in any month under President Obama. Who do Senate Democrats expect to believe this stuff? #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/gxxFiZOI5f It’s time for Senate Democrats to *get a grip* on their rhetoric surrounding Judge Kavanaugh’s #SCOTUS nomination:pic.twitter.com/OW8z42qMXT The very outcomes Democrats claimed they wanted:  More radical, unhinged rhetoric on a well-qualified #SCOTUS nominee:  Today, w/ help from a united GOP government, job creators are back doing what they do best. The number of Americans saying now is a good time to find a quality job is at a 17-year high. And the number filing for new unemployment benefits is at a 48-year low. Results > rhetoric. Rhetoric vs. Results: Pres. Obama said “the true engine of job creation in this country will always be America’s businesses.” But his administration set two all-time records for pages in the Federal Register, including many burdensome regulations that tied job creators’ hands. I’m proud of the continued hard work of Chairman @SenShelby, @SenatorLeahy, and subcommittee leaders @lisamurkowski, @SenatorCollins, @SenJohnHoeven, and @SenatorLankford for managing this bipartisan appropriations process. The appropriations measures being considered by the Senate this week cover about 1/8th of federal govt. discretionary spending for the coming year. They include resources for pressing national needs like rebuilding America’s infrastructure and confronting the opioid epidemic. A tale of Democrats’ “dark money,” and a superbly-qualified #SCOTUS nominee:   American manufacturing: Under President Obama vs. Nowpic.twitter.com/cdJA8T6bWi Now, less than two years into this united Republican government, the results are different. An all-time high 95.1% of manufacturers have a positive outlook, and two-thirds plan to hire in the coming year. For years, President Obama and Democrats in Congress talked about getting U.S. manufacturing moving. Rhetoric was never in short supply. But results were hard to come by: During the last administration, America lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs on net. This year, Chairman @SenShelby and @SenatorLeahy have led a bipartisan appropriations process through subcommittee and full committee work. I hope we can continue that same cooperative spirit on the Senate floor to achieve our shared goals for the American people. The Senate remembers USCP Detective John Gibson and Officer Jacob Chestnut, killed in the line of duty 20 years ago today. We renew our condolences to their families. We are grateful for them and for all who wear the uniform in harm’s way. In Robert Wilkie, @POTUS has chosen a Secretary of Veterans’ Affairs with whom the Senate can work side-by-side to continue advancing the interests of America’s veterans. I was proud to vote, along with the overwhelming, bipartisan majority of my colleagues, to confirm him today. Wishing a very happy 95th birthday to my friend, @SenatorDole. Bob has built an extraordinary life, grounded in ordinary American values. Today, and every day, we are grateful for his service. If “Abolish ICE” socialists had their way, we'd have no borders and no security. My latest op-ed in the @courierjournal:  Another day, another off-base attack on Judge Kavanaugh. This time, on the "independent counsel" statute. #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/f4Bz0mqNSN Judge Kavanaugh’s apparent comments would be in line with mainstream views that have been strongly held across the political spectrum – including by Senate Democrats themselves. A bipartisan majority agreed to let the flawed “independent counsels” statute expire in 1999. It has nothing to do with special counsels, or any of the other tools currently in place for holding elected officials accountable. The left’s latest made-up controversy is an attempt to make political hay out of comments Judge Kavanaugh made about the long-ago expired “independent counsels” statute. But here are the facts: This week, even more of our colleagues have come away impressed after meeting with @POTUS’ #SCOTUS nominee, Judge Kavanaugh. But far-left special interests continue grasping at straws and trying to smear this nominee any way they can. This week, the Senate is confirming impressive nominees whom @POTUS has asked to serve our country. Two Asst. Secretaries for the Department of Education. A member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. Nominees for the Fifth and Ninth Circuit Courts of Appeals. I’m glad that this step by @IRSnews will make the right of Americans to freely advocate for their strongly-held beliefs less vulnerable to the malice of some in government, and to the proven failures of bureaucracies. In this country, good government means protecting citizens’ First Amendment rights to participate in the competition of ideas – not trying to shut down that competition. Last night, @IRSnews announced that it’s cutting back on the amount of nonpublic information the government collects and stockpiles about Americans who donate to nonprofit causes. It’s particularly welcome news for those of us dedicated to defending the First Amendment. The sky never falls. But the hyperbole and hysteria on #SCOTUS nominees do not end. My weekend op-ed in the Cincinnati @Enquirer:  In a “breaking news” bombshell report last night, we learned that Judge Kavanaugh enjoys America’s pastime. pic.twitter.com/Yp9LIojey4 But now that Democrats know his name, their attacks haven’t gotten any less hysterical. One flavor of the week: misrepresenting his decades-old writings. Perfect conspiracy theory catnip for their far-left base. The only problem? It wasn’t true. #SCOTUS Even before he was nominated for #SCOTUS, Judge Kavanaugh was subjected to “fill in the blank” opposition. @POTUS hadn’t even named his selection, and already, our entire system of government was on its last legs? Give me a break. Judge Kavanaugh seems to impress everyone with whom he crosses paths -- at least those who haven’t blindly announced, in a fit of partisanship, their opposition to this nomination before he was even named. #SCOTUS Judge Kavanagh: Brilliance. Talent. Temperament. An outstanding legal mind. #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/LbWFe5YduD Judge Kavanaugh is the real deal. An extensive judicial record defined by fairness, thoughtfulness, and thoroughness. @POTUS has made an outstanding choice. Judge Kavanaugh compiled an extensive record on the federal bench, publishing more than 300 opinions, and earning considerable praise for his clear writing and reasoning. It gives us a clear picture of how he would conduct himself on the #SCOTUS. Judges need to be unbiased. They need to treat all parties fairly. They need to approach every case with open ears and an open mind. By all accounts, Judge Kavanaugh is precisely that sort of judge. #SCOTUS Judge Kavanaugh has won the respect of his peers in the legal community and demonstrates a firm understanding of the role of a judge in our republic. I look fwd to meeting w/ him and to the Senate’s thorough consideration of his nomination. My statement:    Believe it or not, the sky did not fall. -->  Americans see beyond the far-left fear mongering. Senators should do the same. We should evaluate @POTUS’s nominee fairly, based on their qualifications. And we should treat this process with the respect and the dignity that it deserves. #SCOTUSNomination Justice Kennedy’s resignation letter had barely arrived in the President’s hands before several of our Democratic colleagues began declaring their blanket opposition to anyone at all that the President might name. #SCOTUSnomineepic.twitter.com/uQ2QZMOsDD Our Democratic colleagues cry wolf whenever a Republican president nominates anyone to the Supreme Court. No matter their qualifications. No matter their record.  No matter their reputation. It’s the same hyperbole.  The same accusations. The same old story. #SCOTUSnominee On the Fourth of July, our Founding Fathers began a great national experiment. Today, and every day, we celebrate it.pic.twitter.com/3QMSP7yAC0 The far-left special interest groups are already calling on Senate Democrats to oppose anyone on President Trump’s long list of potential nominees. I’m afraid this may just be a precursor of all the unfair attacks to come.pic.twitter.com/37omSBXjGL American farm communities need stability and predictability, and they need it urgently. The time has come to deliver. The farm bill is too important a subject to keep our farmers and their families waiting. All week, I’ve highlighted some of the ways the farm bill will support the family farmers whose harvest feeds America and supplies the world. It’s an understatement to say this bill comes at an opportune time. I’m confident Chairman Grassley will capably lead the Judiciary Committee through the confirmation process that lies before us. As I stated yesterday, the Senate stands ready to fulfill our constitutional role by offering advice and consent on @POTUS' nominee to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy that Justice Kennedy’s retirement will create. If you pick up a local paper in almost any state from Montana to Florida, you’ll find that Americans are paying less to keep the lights on. Tax reform is helping millions of families with the monthly bills. Despite warnings from our Democratic colleagues that tax reform savings would never reach consumers, utilities across America are already making that happen. Let’s address farmers’ immediate needs. Let’s give them new tools to help secure their future. The farm bill before us is a prime example of the good that can come when we work together. I look forward to the Senate passing it for America’s farm families. Today, it was my privilege to welcome an Honor Flight of Kentucky veterans to Washington. On behalf of the Commonwealth and all Americans, I was proud to thank them for their sacrifice.pic.twitter.com/Iuun9UeadV My full remarks:pic.twitter.com/PUiahqy0Ej The Senate stands ready to fulfill its constitutional role by offering advice and consent on @POTUS @realDonaldTrump’s nominee to fill this vacancy. We will vote to confirm Justice Kennedy’s successor this fall. I want to express gratitude for the extraordinary service that Justice Kennedy has offered our nation. We owe him a debt of thanks for his ardent defense of the First Amendment right to political speech. #SCOTUS The success of tax reform might come as a surprise to the Democrats who opposed it at every turn. But it certainly doesn’t surprise those of us who listened to the American people, and delivered. We’ve seen that tax reform is well-suited to the needs of young Americans on the first rungs of the economic ladder, whose employers can now offer more help with continuing education. In six short months, we’ve seen that tax reform is well-suited to the needs of the millions of American workers who’ve already pocketed thousand-dollar bonuses to put toward grocery bills and summer camp costs. In December, the Democratic Leader said on the Senate floor that there’s nothing about tax reform that’s “suited to the needs of the American worker.” Republicans knew better. From top to bottom, this farm bill takes serious steps to ensure the future of American agriculture -- for the sake of our farmers, our rural communities, and the entire country. Farm families across America face uncertainty: Natural disasters, from droughts to floods, volatile world markets, and falling commodity prices. As the proud senior senator from Kentucky, I know how important the farm bill is to agricultural communities in my home state and around the nation. Today, First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner of Kentucky is being posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. He embodied our nation’s highest values, but never called himself a hero. So today, a grateful nation is doing just that.pic.twitter.com/nx0HDSFarN My Democratic colleagues are arguing with the facts. They’re arguing with the data. They’re arguing with American families who are keeping more of their own money. They’re arguing with the prosperity our agenda is already helping unleash. Democrats may want to put Washington’s foot back on the brake by repealing tax reform and piling up more regulations. But they aren’t just arguing with those of us across the aisle. I was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of my friend Charles Krauthammer this afternoon.  And thanks to the leadership of our colleagues at the subcommittee level, more bills will be on their way to the floor for prompt consideration. This week, we’ve been considering a regular-order appropriations package and voting on amendments. Thanks to Chairman @SenShelby and Ranking Member @SenatorLeahy for the transparent, bipartisan process that produced this bill. Six months later, here’s a remarkable fact: There are now more job openings all across this country than there are Americans looking for work. The optimism and prosperity unleashed by tax reform are part of the reason why. Republicans wanted working families to keep more of what they earn and send less to the IRS. Meanwhile, the Democratic Leader in the House said it was “the worst bill in the history of the United States Congress.” Yesterday marked six months since Congress passed our overhaul of America’s tax code. I remember debating the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act back in December. There were two different philosophies on display. My statement on @POTUS’ immigration executive order >>pic.twitter.com/biDd3gTpbM Today marks six months since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed Congress. Already, it’s led employers to issue ‘tax reform bonuses,’ raises, and new benefits to four million workers and counting. That’s welcome relief for middle-class families.  Today, I met with Kathy Kraninger, @POTUS’ nominee to direct the @CFPB. Her resume and reputation suggest she’s well-suited to steer the course @MickMulvaneyOMB has charted toward transparency, accountability, and effectiveness within proper limits.  I support, and all of the members of the Republican Conference support, a plan that keeps families together while their immigration status is determined. Led by Chairman @SenShelby, Ranking Member @SenatorLeahy, and all the subcommittee leadership, the Appropriations committee has engaged in precisely the kind of thorough, considered committee work that ought to define this process. The spending agreement reached earlier this year achieved a great deal, but the process wasn’t anybody’s best-case scenario. So here in the Senate, we made it a top bipartisan priority to bring some regular order back into the appropriations process. One year ago, the nation watched and prayed as violence struck a congressional baseball practice. Later today, that near tragedy will become triumph as @SteveScalise joins his teammates & colleagues on the field for the 57th #CongressionalBaseballGame >>  pic.twitter.com/8rowOdGLTq Courage. Sacrifice. Determination. Unity. These are the things that endure one year later. Let’s play ball. #CongressionalBaseballGamepic.twitter.com/CLLxIHPRMD Fortunately, the facts are the facts. Americans know success when they see it. And Republicans will keep fighting to unleash more prosperity for the middle class. There are more job openings than Americans looking for work for the first time in at least 20 years. But Democrats scoff at falling unemployment. Do they really think an outstanding job market doesn’t matter to American families? In #Kentucky, agriculture is part of who we are. Our farm families produce everything from poultry to soybeans. The farm bill that the Agriculture Committee passed yesterday will assist them, encourage economic growth, and increase investment in rural communities. Today, on the 243rd birthday of the @USArmy, I’m glad we're voting to continue advancing this critical legislation on behalf of America’s brave men and women in uniform. The Armed Services Committee considered and included 300 amendments in the defense bill. On the floor, Chmn @JimInhofe and @SenJackReed included more than 40 more. For months, Secretary Mattis and our military leaders have detailed our servicemembers’ most pressing needs and explained the importance of steady resources in the face of evolving threats. We heard them loud and clear – it’s time to put the defense bill across the finish line. On one side of the aisle are those who mock the good economic news -- those who can’t grasp why an 18-year low in unemployment would matter to American families. On the other side are those of us who helped make it happen. Unemployment is lower today than at any time since 2000. Last week, the House Democratic leader responded: “Hip-hip hooray. Unemployment is down. What does that mean to me?” I’d like to thank the Chairman & @SenStabenow for working w/ me to include my #HempFarmingAct in the bill. It builds on the success of the pilot program I championed in the 2014 farm bill by removing federal roadblocks to industrial hemp. This morning, I’m joining my colleagues on the Agriculture Committee to mark up the farm bill. It’s an impressive piece of legislation, built on bipartisan collaboration and guided by Chairman @SenPatRoberts’ leadership. I want to share the Senate’s warmest wishes for a speedy recovery with Larry Kudlow. Larry's a happy warrior for pro-growth, pro-opportunity economics and one of the best guys in Washington. We hope he gets well soon. Just hours ago, the American delegation concluded their summit meeting with North Korean officials. I congratulate @POTUS on this major step and share his hope that it will begin a process that leads to an historic peace. I just got off the phone with my friend @SenatorDole. I was grateful to catch up and thank him for his many years of honorable public service. It’s one of our most important jobs here in Congress. The 2019 defense authorization is the top item on our to-do list. And we’ll tackle it this week. Congress has passed defense authorization acts for 57 consecutive years. In doing so, we’ve taken steps to fulfill one of our most fundamental constitutional responsibilities: authorizing the funds that our men and women in uniform require to keep us safe. This is part of what we were elected to do: Get Washington D.C.’s foot off the brake. Let hard-working Americans and small businesses spend less time and energy hurdling obstacles put up by the federal government. In 2016, under President Obama, the Federal Register printed nearly 39,000 pages of rules (an all-time high) and another 21,000 pages of proposed rules. 60,000 pages to pile on American workers and job creators. In 2017, we slashed those numbers by more than 50 percent. For the past forty years, my dear friend Charles Krauthammer has brought a piercing intellect, a sharp wit, and a deep moral conscience to his prolific career. My full statement >>  I'm about to join my friends at the @FaithandFreedom Road To Majority conference to discuss how we’re turning conservative principles into policy. Tune in here >>   - Lowest unemployment in 18 yrs.  - More open positions than workers seeking jobs for 1st time on record.  - Optimism among small biz and manufacturers at an all-time high.  - More Americans say now is a good time to find a job than at any time in past 17 yrs. Sixteen months ago, @POTUS Trump & GOP majorities arrived in Washington w/ simple instructions from the American people: get the federal government out of our way. Today, under this Republican government, the U.S. economy is healthier than it’s been in a long time. Today, our economy is starting to work better for all kinds of communities. Just look at Ohio >>  The defense bill will support military posts that form the backbone of local communities and advance our National Defense Strategy. Kentuckians are proud of those serving at our state's Army and National Guard installations. When I vote for this defense bill, I'll do it for them. Tune in tonight for my interview on @FoxNews with @IngrahamAngle at 10 PM ETpic.twitter.com/lQrBKrdT80 This isn’t due diligence. It isn’t good government. It’s what happens when our colleagues across the aisle put political slogans about “the resistance” ahead of the country’s needs. Not a single Senator voted against confirming Robert Wier or Fernando Rodriguez to serve as district judges yesterday. But Democrats forced us to invoke cloture on each of them, and then made sure they soaked up #Senate floor time, even though literally no Senator opposed them. Cloture votes used to be a rare tool of last resort, only used in a tiny handful of cases. Not these days. In many cases, the nominees in question are completely uncontroversial. This morning, I was honored to meet a number of #Kentucky veterans at the World War II Memorial and welcome them to Washington. My father fought in World War II. So I was particularly grateful to hear these veterans’ stories and share in their special moment of remembrance.pic.twitter.com/1samMlF4B4 As the #Senate works to give America’s armed forces the resources they need to keep us safe, I’m proud that @POTUS has signed into law our effort to give our veterans the quality care they deserve. #VAMISSIONAct The John S. McCain 2019 National Defense Authorization Act is the result of months of serious, bipartisan work by the Armed Services Committee. And it’s a major step toward delivering the resources our military needs to tackle today's challenges. On June 6th, 1944, the free world embarked on a daring mission of historic proportions. With conviction and bravery, the Greatest Generation ran into the breach. They stared down the most pernicious evil the modern world had ever seen -- and prevailed.pic.twitter.com/5AfrTECJ8z It’s full steam ahead for our economy  The #Senate has been attacking the #opioid crisis from all angles, but major challenges are rarely solved in Washington. I’m proud of the work of innovators like @USWorldMeds in Louisville to deliver treatments for the millions of Americans affected by opioid addiction. Senate Democrats have already forced 100 cloture votes on President Trump’s nominees in his first two years vs. 24 combined for the previous 6 presidents in theirs >>  My statement on cancelling the August recess:pic.twitter.com/yyAEUSMVQW Today, the #Senate confirmed Robert Wier to serve on the Eastern District Court of #Kentucky by a vote of 95-0. Despite needless delays, I’m proud that another of @POTUS’ well-qualified nominees is now on the job. The bipartisan work of the Armed Services Committee has produced a strong NDAA. This legislation sends a clear message that we have our warfighters’ backs. After years of spending caps harming the readiness of our military, Congress passed a two-year agreement that included the largest year-on-year increase in funding for our military in 15 years. It’s time to take the next step with the critical National Defense Authorization Act. Today, we pause as one people to remember the brave men and women who paid the ultimate price defending our nation and our ideals.   This great nation wouldn’t exist without the heroism and sacrifice of those we honor on Memorial Day.pic.twitter.com/ca0rLTtisH The record of this Congress is quite spectacular. It’s been a period of extraordinary accomplishment on behalf of the American people.pic.twitter.com/3Wcvck6Tq8 Always great to sit down with @BretBaier. Tune in for our conversation this evening on @SpecialReport @FoxNews. Joint statement w/@SenSchumer on today’s passage of @SenAmyKlobuchar and @RoyBlunt’s proposal to update how Congress addresses workplace harassment claims and protects staff and others:pic.twitter.com/yB2cFNqwKg One bill after another, one confirmation after another, the Senate is producing accomplishments that will directly improve the lives of the American people. The #Senate is having a productive week:  -Passed VA MISSION Act to keep our promise to our vets -Confirming more of @POTUS’s nominees -Updated how Senate handles claims of harassment -Committees working on annual defense & appropriations bills This morning, @POTUS signed a law that will help middle-class families/small businesses access credit. It was the product of hard work by Chairman @MikeCrapo and the Banking Committee, and I was proud to support it. Today, the #Senate passed the VA MISSION Act to help vets access the care they need, when and where they need it. It has the support of @POTUS, veterans advocates, and bipartisan majorities in Congress. Now, it’s almost reality for our heroes. (2/2)  Veterans of all eras rely on the promise of accessible, quality care when they return home. But too often, the VA has fallen short of fulfilling it, with long waiting lists and limited treatment options. The shortcomings of the federal bureaucracy were apparent. (1/2) Local lenders and the communities that depend on them needed relief from the inefficient, imprecise, one-size-fits-all regulatory approach of Dodd-Frank. Thanks to Chairman @MikeCrapo and the Banking Committee, that’s just what Congress and @POTUS are poised to deliver. Workplace harassment is unacceptable anywhere – end of story. With @SenAmyKlobuchar and @RoyBlunt’s proposal, Congress will be better able to hold people accountable, protect staff, and prevent harassment.pic.twitter.com/wuJIhj0nlF Thanks to the bipartisan work of @SenAmyKlobuchar and @RoyBlunt, the Senate is coming together to update the laws governing how we address workplace harassment claims to keep staff and others safe. @SenSchumer and I enthusiastically support their proposal.pic.twitter.com/ovdHN3Ght4 For years, the Obama-era Dodd-Frank rules designed for Wall Street made life needlessly difficult for lenders on Main Street. But today, we’re one step closer to delivering relief. My statement on House passage of Chairman @MikeCrapo’s reforms to Dodd-Frank:pic.twitter.com/NF67u8orYk And many thanks to you, @SenRonJohnson, for your hard work in getting this life-changing legislation across the finish line. #RightToTry … With @POTUS’ signature yesterday, this unified GOP government has put yet another onerous regulation into the wastebasket.  The bill before us carries the support of @POTUS Trump and 38 veterans advocacy organizations. It’s based on a simple idea: Promises made to those who sacrifice for our freedoms must be promises kept. I’m grateful to @SenatorIsakson for leading the charge to keep this promise. Delays at the VA cannot stand between veterans and the medical care they need. The shortcomings of a federal bureaucracy do not “free” our nation from its promises to our all-volunteer armed forces. Veterans deserve prompt, thorough care. Period.pic.twitter.com/rBXyrcUe89 Today, @POTUS signed the 16th Congressional Review Act resolution passed by this GOP Congress. It repealed a rule that made life needlessly complicated for the American auto industry and its customers. Congress had its say, and accountability won out in the end.pic.twitter.com/hdBYdT0X5v Today, the brave men and women of the @CIA welcomed their colleague, Gina Haspel, to a new role for which she is uniquely well-qualified. I am proud the Senate confirmed the right woman for the right moment. Congratulations, Director Haspel. Robert Wilkie’s record of public service makes him an outstanding choice for Secretary @DeptVetAffairs. He'll be tasked with fulfilling commitments to veterans & their families. This is an incredibly important mission, and he's well-qualified to tackle it.  The prayers of the entire Senate are with the victims of today’s violence in Santa Fe, their families, and the community that is coming together to support them. We are especially grateful for the first responders and others who work to protect and save lives. The Senate will pass the VA MISSION Act next week to strengthen the resources available to our veterans @DeptVetAffairs. My statement:pic.twitter.com/zmTc1cK8cc The Senate just confirmed Gina Haspel to lead the @CIA.  Her talent and expertise make her uniquely qualified to face America’s biggest national security challenges. According to new survey data from @shopfloorNAM, more than 93% of U.S. manufacturing firms have a positive outlook. Already, 77% of manufacturers are reporting hiring new workers, and 86% say they’re investing in plants and equipment. That's a unified GOP gov't in action. (2/2) Republican policies are shaking the regulatory rust off of the U.S. economy, and American job creators, entrepreneurs, and working families are thinking big again. As we put a stop to the last admin’s top-down federal rulemaking, U.S. manufacturing is churning back to life. (1/2) Happy 37th anniversary to my love @cindymccain - time flies when you’re having fun!pic.twitter.com/eivKVUylHb Gina Haspel is the right woman at the right time. Senators on both sides of the aisle agree. It’s time to rise to the occasion and swiftly confirm our next @CIA director.   Last year, under the leadership of @AjitPaiFCC, the agency sought to fix this mistake and restore the rules that helped the internet flourish, while still protecting consumers from abuses. The resolution Democrats put forward today would undo that progress. (2/2) In 2015, President Obama’s FCC set out to fix what wasn’t broken. It imposed regulations designed for Depression-era telephones on new technologies that fit in our pockets. So much for the light-touch approach that helped the early internet grow. (1/2) Even in @SenSchumer’s backyard of Brooklyn, lower excise taxes are letting @nydistilling cut prices. In Kentucky, @CopperAndKings says tax reform is one of the most important initiatives for helping small businesses create jobs. (2/2) After 8 years of Democrats’ policies enriching big cities but leaving small businesses behind, Republican policies are helping workers and job creators thrive all over the country. From Kentucky to Oregon, America’s growing craft distilling industry is a perfect example. (1/2) Gina Haspel is the right woman at the right time. There is no reason why her confirmation should be delayed, and I look forward to advancing it expeditiously. .@SenateMajLdr welcomed @realDonaldTrump to @uscapitol today just after #Senate approved the 21st Circuit Judge. Nearly 1/8 of the nation's circuit judges have been appointed by @POTUS & confirmed by @SenateGOP. This is a monumental achievement of unified Republican government.pic.twitter.com/F8VDjerDmW – bei United States Capitol Building .@SenateGOP and @POTUS Trump had a productive meeting today in the @uscapitol.  Our shared agenda is critical to moving America forward.pic.twitter.com/EQc5mg3mPy The amount employers spent on worker pay and benefits grew more in 2017 than in any calendar year under President Obama. This is just the start of what can happen when Republicans get Washington out of the way. For years, Democratic policies like high taxes and runaway regulations put a headwind in the faces of American job creators. Now, historic tax reform, regulatory relief, and the rest of our opportunity agenda mean the wind is once again at their backs. The #Senate has confirmed @POTUS’ 20th and 21st circuit court nominees – a monumental achievement of unified Republican government.pic.twitter.com/sspporG9Oh From the director of National Intelligence Dan Coats: I am acutely aware of decisions our country made after the 9/11 attacks. Both Gina Haspel and I are committed to making sure we never have to relearn past lessons.  I also wish to pay tribute today to #Kentucky law enforcement officers who made the ultimate sacrifice on our behalf. Since #PoliceWeek last year, three of the Commonwealth’s finest have fallen in the line of duty. #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay During #PoliceWeek, thousands of officers gather in Washington to honor fallen comrades and rededicate themselves to protecting our communities. We owe them all our heartfelt thanks. #PeaceOfficersMemorialDaypic.twitter.com/doQ7Z5xuX0 The #Senate welcome @POTUS Trump to the Capitol today. Jerusalem is Israel’s capital, plain and simple. That’s where our embassy belongs. And thanks to @POTUS’ leadership, starting today, that’s where it will be.pic.twitter.com/5DOh2IkIba We all know John McCain doesn’t exactly have a relaxed bone in his body. He still had plenty to say about work, I assure you.  He misses his colleagues. He misses the Senate. And we sure miss him. (2/2) This weekend, I had the pleasure of traveling to the beautiful hills outside Sedona, Arizona and spending time with John and Cindy McCain on their back porch. I shared my gratitude -- all of our gratitude -- for his service and his sacrifice. (1/2) Tax reform has Indiana off to the races:  Across the nation, every day brings another piece of good news for middle-class workers and families.  My statement on @POTUS's drug pricing announcement:  pic.twitter.com/RjB0BUEjxU When @POTUS visits Indiana today, he’ll join Hoosiers to celebrate the new jobs and prosperity that our Republican agenda is delivering to communities across their state, and the entire country. After years of failed Democratic policies, America is open for business once again. Surveys show that since @POTUS and Republicans in Congress were elected, three times as many small/indep. employers feel confident in expanding their businesses. In 2013, Senate Democrats voted to confirm John Brennan as CIA Director. What’s changed?  This is as close as we’ve ever come to a Korean peninsula without nuclear weapons. @POTUS deserves all the credit for taking such serious steps and getting the Kim regime closer to the negotiating table.pic.twitter.com/2VLnT24TwJ My statement on the U.S. summit with North Korea:pic.twitter.com/Whk0S1tv3F Gina Haspel’s testimony yesterday showcased the judgment and poise that have defined her thirty-three year career of distinguished service @CIA. She has the experience, talent, and skillset for an important job, in an important moment.  Michael Brennan carries bipartisan support from the people who know him best, including the endorsement of more than thirty current and former peers in Wisconsin. I look forward to confirming him to the Seventh Circuit later today.   Overnight, @SecPompeo completed a sensitive diplomatic mission and returned home from North Korea with three freed American prisoners. The families of these three men, and the entire country, are grateful. @StateDept Tight economic sanctions brought the Iranian regime to the table last time, but unfortunately, it led to a hopelessly flawed agreement. @POTUS Trump did the right thing on the Iran agreement.  I think he’ll make a better deal. Tonight I’ll be on the air in the 6pm hour with @guypbenson and Marie Harf on their new @FoxNewsRadio show @BensonAndHarf. John Thune: We can't let 'political theater' ruin a bipartisan deal on net neutrality  Looking forward to speaking with @DanaPerino during today’s @DailyBriefing on @FoxNews. This morning brought welcome news that @POTUS and @SecState had secured the release of 3 Americans. I’m hopeful we can build on this progress and pursue a verifiable agreement to dismantle North Korea’s nuclear arms. The #Senate is processing six more well-qualified nominees for the federal bench. Each nominee on the slate has been vetted by the Judiciary Committee. And each stands ready to serve as a diligent caretaker of the rule of law. We will keep taking care of the people’s business. Gina Haspel is a tremendous choice to lead the Central Intelligence Agency. She would bring more direct, hard-earned experience to the role of @CIA director than any leader in the agency’s history. When Democrats controlled Washington, more than 75 percent of manufacturers said an unfavorable business climate from taxes and regulations was a top concern. Now, fewer than 19 percent say that. Republican policies are working. In December 2017, after just one year of Republican policies, optimism among American manufacturers hit the highest level ever recorded. The percentage of American workers who are unemployed, underemployed, or discouraged recently hit a 17-year low. And the total number of Americans receiving unemployment benefits has fallen to a 45-year low. The JCPOA was a flawed agreement which @POTUS determined is not in America's nat'l security interests. I share his commitment that Iran must never acquire/develop a nuclear weapon. My statement -->  Republican policies have taken Washington’s foot off the brake of the U.S. economy. We’ve rolled back a host of job-killing regulations, passed historic tax reform, and helped to unleash a dynamic, job-creating economy. This week, the #Senate will consider another slate of extremely well-qualified nominees for seats on the federal bench. A thoughtful, independent, and expert judiciary is a cornerstone of our constitutional order, and I'll be proud to support the first of 6 nominees later today. I'm looking forward to joining @hughhewitt live on the air at 8:30. .@SenatorLankford is giving Democrats their own chance to show that principled convictions matter more than political convenience. I'm proud to back his proposal, and glad to see the Rules Committee advance it to the #Senate floor yesterday. #TBT to #Senate Democrats filibustering @POTUS' well qualified judicial nominees.pic.twitter.com/TeM8G2SJ60 After the #Senate confirms our 70th Secretary of @StateDept, we will vote on the nomination of Ric Grenell to serve as our Ambassador to Germany. #Senate Democrats continue with their historic obstruction of @POTUS' nominees.pic.twitter.com/4zgKyy9Itd #Senate Democrats are again making history by requiring @POTUS' Secretary of @StateDept nominee to get a cloture vote.pic.twitter.com/uafCxJSTnp Today, the #Senate will confirm Mike Pompeo as our nation’s 70th Secretary of @StateDept on a bipartisan vote, the 2nd time in a little over a year that Mr. Pompeo has been confirmed on a bipartisan vote for one of @POTUS' @Cabinet positions. Despite historic obstruction by the Democrats, the Senate is one step closer to swiftly confirming @POTUS’s nominees.  pic.twitter.com/q5LbvVravE Tonight, 7:00 Eastern   I will be joining @marthamaccallum on @TheStoryFNC to discuss #Senate Democrats' continued historic obstruction of @POTUS' nominees. .@POTUS' nominees have faced 88 cloture votes in his first 2 years vs. 24 for previous 6 presidents combined in their first 2.  Despite historic obstruction from #Senate Democrats, the Senate keeps on confirming @POTUS’ well qualified Circuit Court Judges.  pic.twitter.com/ral5gLWTck The passage of the historic #TaxCutsandJobsAct was just the latest illustration of the diverging paths Republicans and Democrats envision for the U.S. #economy.  #TaxReform is working for the American people. "America Will Be Better Off If Mike Pompeo Is Confirmed" as our next Secretary of @StateDept.  Today, I am introducing the CAREER Act to bring targeted relief to the states most devastated by the #opioidcrisis.pic.twitter.com/K2q64OxoTo #ICYMI → the #Senate Foreign Relations Cmte favorably recommended Mike Pompeo to be our nation's 70th Secretary of @StateDept. The Senate will vote to confirm him this week. What could it be other than politics? #Senate Democrats flip flop on Mike Pompeo after saying ‘He is smart, hard-working and devoted to protecting our country’  The #Senate will also vote later today to advance the nomination of Kyle Duncan serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, who’s legal credentials show @POTUS has made another outstanding choice. What could it be other than politics? #Senate Democrats flip flop on Mike Pompeo after saying ‘He is smart, hard-working and devoted to protecting our country’  Today, the Foreign Relations Cmte will consider @POTUS' choice for the next Secretary of @StateDept. It's hard to imagine a better nominee or someone more thoroughly qualified than Mike Pompeo. Iowans are seeing benefits of #TaxReform. Senator @ChuckGrassley's new op-ed on how the #TaxCutsandJobsAct is helping the American people.  I look forward to working with Dr. Jackson to build on the progress we’ve made in expanding accessibility and improving accountability, especially in #Kentucky, at the @DeptVetAffairs, and to supporting his nomination.pic.twitter.com/kgaiAdgeyT Consumer confidence at a 14 year . Jobless claims, a 45 year .   #TaxReform is working for the American people and the American #economy. This GOP Congress and @POTUS think the Gov needs to give workers and job creators breathing room. So we passed record-setting rollbacks of harmful federal rules that had thrown a wet blanket on the #economy, & enacted sweeping #TaxReform to help families and reignite growth. There was a long-standing and overwhelmingly bipartisan tradition in the #Senate of support of Secretaries of @StateDept.  .@NASA has been led by an acting administrator for a record 15 months, so I hope all Senators will join me in voting to confirm Jim Bridenstine today. By confirming Mike Pompeo as Secretary of @StateDept, the #Senate can ensure the nation has a chief diplomat who enjoys the complete confidence @POTUS. Those who claim to want a larger role for diplomacy should vote to approve him.pic.twitter.com/DcSgf9OXdj The Protecting Moms and Infants Act authorizes increased funding for a competitive federal grant to help organizations address this particular part of the #opioidcrisis, and continues our years-long efforts to protect the most vulnerable. Today, I’ll introduce the Protecting Moms and Infants Act, which directs the Secretary of @HHSGov to report on the implementation of the strategies developed in the Protecting Our Infants Act in order to help fight the #opioidcrisis that is plaguing our nation. #Senate Democrats filibuster a bill to authorize funding for the United States Coast Guard.  Yes, you read that correctly.  @USCG  The #Senate continues "chopping away" at burdensome Obama-era regulations.  Barbara Bush's life was defined by love. She loved her husband and her family. She loved her country. And America loved her back. Today, the Senate & the nation stand united w the Bush family and their great many friends. We join them in mourning for their loss, and in prayer.pic.twitter.com/khf0n67OY0 Thanks to @SenToomey & Senator @JerryMoran, the #Senate will be rolling back another piece of Obama-era overreach by nullifying a particularly egregious overstep by his @CFPB and notch another victory in this Congress’s record of rolling back overregulation. Barbara Bush wielded her formidable qualities on behalf of her nation, the family she loved, and the many worthy causes she supported. Today a nation joins the Bush family, their many friends, and all the country in their grief, and in prayer. Even as the #economy is starting to thrive, Democrats want to repeal these historic tax cuts and claw back your money from #TaxReform. But make no mistake, Republicans will continue to stand and fight for the American people. #TaxDaypic.twitter.com/dD2A8NOqgv Major tax relief for middle-class families is a big shot in the arm for the U.S. #economy, which will lead to more higher-paying, home-grown American #jobs.  #TaxReform is working for the American people.  #TaxDaypic.twitter.com/IUFwkgUUfm #TaxReform Day, brought to you by #Senate Republicans.  Out with the old, and in with the new. #TaxReform is working.pic.twitter.com/eJpAXDMAPf The #TaxCutsandJobsAct is a strong start to help Mississippi families keep more of their hard-earned money & to help small businesses create jobs. Congress can do more to work with @POTUS to reduce burdensome regulations and improve our economy. #TaxDay  pic.twitter.com/6ONhRJ0fCm TUNE IN: @SenateMajLdr sits down with @TeamCavuto for an exclusive interview on “Your World” LIVE from D.C. at 4p ET.pic.twitter.com/cAJT0ky6vu Today is the first #TaxDay in years that #smallbiz have received some good news. Compensation is up, sales are strong, & #taxes received the fewest votes as #smallbiz’s #1 problem since 1982.   Today is the last #TaxDay that American families will have to file under the unfair, outdated tax code that Congress and @POTUS got rid of a few months ago. #TaxReform is working for the American people.pic.twitter.com/gT9n6V9w91 This is the last #TaxDay Americans will be forced to comply with an outdated and overly burdensome tax code. See how the new Tax Cuts & Jobs Act, which was signed into law late last year, is already providing relief to Iowans and folks across the country!pic.twitter.com/WrIIfX2HB4 I will be joining @TeamCavuto at appx 4:00 this afternoon to discuss #TaxDay and how #TaxReform is already benefiting the American people. @FoxNews 2018 #TaxDay: Out with the Old, and In With the New. via @Medium  Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct 4,000,000+ Americans (and counting) are receiving special bonuses, pay raises, or new benefits from their employers as a direct result of #TaxReform. #TaxDay #Taxday is the last day taxes will be paid under the old federal system that takes more of your hard-earned income. Read the #Idaho Congressional Delegation's op-ed on how this will benefit you:  … … Today is #TaxDay and marks the last day that Americans will file their taxes under the outdated and burdensome system. Our new tax code lowers rates and provides meaningful relief to Kansas families!pic.twitter.com/eFayfRubEw In January, thanks to the #TaxReform law, the IRS updated the amount it withholds from employee paychecks and as a result, 90% of Americans are getting a bigger paycheck and more take-home pay. Hardworking #Ohioans are taking home more money every pay period! #TaxDay For years, @GOPSenFinance Chairman @SenOrrinHatch has been working to shred the old tax code. Today, he gets his wish. #TaxDaypic.twitter.com/TNPX4h8vHa ICYMI - yesterday afternoon, I filed cloture on @USCG Authorization Act, a comprehensive package that equips an adaptable force to meet a host of important missions. I hope each Senator will join me in ensuring its passage this week. Today's #TaxDay is out with the old, and in with the new. #TaxReform is working for American families.pic.twitter.com/KZA5cCodAN Thanks to @SenToomey and Senator @JerryMoran, we will protect consumers from a brazen attempt by the past director of the @CFPB to stretch his authority and interfere in the auto industry. Now it’s time for the auto industry to come along for the economic tune-up. Today I met w/ @POTUS' nominee for Director of the @CIA, Gina Haspel. She has dedicated her professional life to the national security of the United States, and has repeatedly proven to be a consummate intelligence officer and leader. I look forward to supporting her nomination. #Senate Democrats' historic obstruction  Tomorrow is the last #TaxDay that Americans will have to file under the old and outdated tax code. This Republican Congress and @POTUS got rid of it, and put a brand-new 21st century tax code in its place.  #TaxReform is working for the American people.pic.twitter.com/xEjLSa2ZK7 This afternoon, the #Senate will vote to advance legislation from Senator @JerryMoran that would bolster the proper sovereignty of American Indian tribes in the face of excessive federal regulation. Over the weekend, America’s all-volunteer armed forces executed a challenging mission with precision and excellence. At @POTUS' order, the US joined w our British & French allies in military action to respond to Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons against the Syrian people. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright →"[Mike Pompeo] will be somebody that replenishes The @StateDept"  .@POTUS' nominees have faced 86 cloture votes in first 2 years vs. 24 for previous 6 presidents combined   pic.twitter.com/f1FDwzqu5u 30 bipartisan former National Security Officials say "Director Pompeo is a strong choice to lead The @StateDept"  American entrepreneurs thrive when we scrub the regulatory rust off our #economy and give farmers, ranchers, local communities, community banks, and small businesses more say over their own affairs.  #TaxReform is working for the American people. It's time the federal gov changes the way it looks at #hemp, which is why Senator @RonWyden and I, along with @SenJeffMerkley, are introducing legislation that will modernize federal law in this area & empower American farmers to explore this promising new market. Andrew Wheeler is ready and waiting... and waiting, thanks to #Senate Dems, to clock in as Deputy Administrator of the @EPA. His qualifications are beyond question. He has won the support of the American @FarmBureau Federation and has won bipartisan praise. Despite months of waiting due to Democrats historic obstruction, today the #Senate confirmed Patrick Pizzella, @POTUS' highly qualified nominee to be the Deputy Secretary of @USDOL. I was honored to meet with Amir of the State of #Qatar, Sheikh @TamimBinHamad to discuss our common interests and partnership in Arabian Gulf.pic.twitter.com/mbSdwdosp3 Today's confirmation of Mr. Ring will give the country a fully-staffed @NLRB once again, and turn the page on the previous administration’s efforts to remake this bipartisan board into a one-sided political weapon. Following the confirmation of Ms. Boom to the District Court yesterday, the #Senate has moved to the nomination of John Ring to serve on the @NLRB. After his confirmation today, the Senate will vote on nominees to the @USDOL, the @EPA, and two more District Court vacancies. Today, @POTUS signed another piece of bipartisan legislation to help law enforcement and victims with new tools to fight sex trafficking. Thank you to @senrobportman for your continued leadership in furthering #SESTA and helping those caught up in this national epidemic. .@SpeakerRyan has continually stepped up to the plate. He answered his colleagues’ call with exactly the earnest, selfless, and focused approach that has defined his entire career in Congress.pic.twitter.com/0HSUIHkTOI In #Kentucky, @GovMattBevin announced certification of 144 #OpportunityZones. My friends & colleagues on the state & local level are excited & optimistic. This creative policy, along w/ the rest of #TaxReform has the Kentuckians I serve looking forward to a brighter future. Thanks to @SenatorTimScott's “opportunity zones” economically-distressed communities across the country, like many in #Kentucky, will earn special tax treatment to make investment and job creation more attractive. #TaxReform is working.   One year ago today.pic.twitter.com/VAPZ7KNuHH The #Senate will continue its work in confirming more of @POTUS' well qualified nominees, so that he can finally have his full team.pic.twitter.com/qnI44WJmfb If yesterday’s vote to advance Claria Horn Boom’s district court nomination were any indication, we’d be in for a productive week. 96 Senators voted in support.   With such bipartisan support, you might think that filing cloture should not have been necessary in the first place. This April is the last time Americans will file our taxes under the old, outdated tax code that is on its way out thanks to historic #TaxReform.  The Senate offers our condolences to the families of two former colleagues who have recently passed away, Senator Zell Miller & Senator Daniel Akaka. These committed public servants will be missed. This week, the #Senate will work to advance more of @POTUS' highly qualified nominees. I know I speak for all Senators in welcoming our new colleague, Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith. I look forward to working together to continue this Congress’s record of accomplishment for the American people. Rebuilding America's #infrastructure is a critical issue that @POTUS, his Administration, and Congress are continuing to work to achieve together. .@SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell & @KYAgCommish Ryan Quarles announce legislation to support #Kentucky’s #hemp industry. The Hemp Farming Act will legalize hemp as an agricultural commodity + remove it from the controlled substances list   @kentuckyag #KyAg365pic.twitter.com/uDtUQMOZVZ Our nation is fortunate that Mike Pompeo, a patriot and proven leader had agreed to serve as Secretary of State, on behalf of the American people and our national security.  pic.twitter.com/xP2iYcK0Bn Many in #Kentucky will see their average monthly bills decrease. #TaxReform is working for the American people.  This appropriations bill impacts almost every single American.pic.twitter.com/FUtz4WUs7S At the request of Parkland families, @SpeakerRyan and I ensured the omnibus spending bill will include Senator @JohnCornyn's #FixNICS and @senorrinhatch's STOP School Violence Act. Soon, I will be delivering farewell remarks honoring @SenThadChochran's nearly 4 decades of service in the US #Senate. It's time to rebuild America's crumbling #infrastructure, and the spending bill will help accomplish just that. It will fund long-overdue improvements to roads, rails, airports and inland waterways, creating #jobs and growing our #economy along the way. This spending bill scales up research, treatment and prevention funding and provides grants to first responders to help confront the scourge of the #OpioidEpidemic head-on and help save lives. For rural communities, like many in #Kentucky, this is a big deal. In my view, this appropriations bill will mark the end of disproportionate and harmful cuts to @DeptofDefense funding.pic.twitter.com/NYm51rWapi The House will vote soon on a landmark appropriations bill for the remainder of FY 2018, after which we will take it up here in the #Senate. The is legislation that neither side sees as perfect, but which contains significant victories and achievements for the American people. From coal country to farming communities & everywhere in between, Obama-era over regulation was holding our #economy back. Opportunity zones offer a chance for real relief. #Kentucky officials say they may designate 144 new zones, prioritizing growth in areas that need it most. The best way to breathe new life into struggling communities is not to invent a new federal program, it’s to make those communities attractive places to do business, open new facilities, and create good-paying jobs. That's exactly what #TaxReform does. The approps package is being finalized and it will contain: largest year-on-year increase in funding for @DeptofDefense in 15 yrs, major steps forward for law enforcement and border security, for the fight against #OpioidEpidemic, for our #Veterans, and many other priorities. This week the #Senate will take up a spending bill that will meet a number of the nation’s most pressing challenges and mark the end of disproportionate and harmful cuts to @DeptofDefense funding, and deliver the largest increase in defense spending in 15 years. Thank you @senrobportman for your hard work on advancing anti-sex-trafficking legislation. This afternoon, the #Senate will vote on #SESTA and I urge all Senators to support it. "U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High" via @WSJ. #TaxReform is contributing to a dynamic, growing #economy, and Americans are taking notice.   This is not "Armageddon"  In addition to rebuilding our #infrastructure, helping stop the #OpioidEpidemic, and giving our men and women in uniform a well-deserved pay raise, the spending bill means increased oversight and modernization in the @DeptVetAffairs for our veterans here at home. After years of disproportionate cuts to our armed services, Congress has begun to provide adequate resources and put an end to the harmful decline in combat readiness. For our men and women in uniform, including those in #Kentucky, this means a well-deserved pay raise. #TaxReform is "wonderful" in #Missouri.  Later this week, the #Senate will consider an omnibus spending bill to address a number of critical priorities, from rebuilding America's #infrastructure to fighting the #OpioidEpidemic, and delivering the resources and certainty that America’s military deserves. .@senrobportman's #SESTA bill will close a loophole in existing law that allows websites to avoid responsibility even as they knowingly facilitate trafficking. I will oppose the #Yemen resolution on both policy and procedural grounds. Our support to our allies in Yemen does not involve placing US forces in active warfare or hostilities. #SESTA will ensure websites that knowingly facilitate sex trafficking can be held accountable for facilitating these heinous crimes. @senrobportman has worked long and hard on this subject, and he has helped assemble a broad, bipartisan coalition. #TaxReform is "hardly crumbs"pic.twitter.com/e3QTlb3Wu3 Ensuring our national security means steady control over what, and who, comes across our borders. I urge everyone to join me in voting to confirm Mr. McAleenan to lead @CBP later today. Last week, @POTUS visited a @Boeing manufacturing facility in St. Louis to hear how #TaxReform is helping Americans. Bonnie Brazzeal works in the cafeteria at the College of the Ozarks, in SW #Missouri.pic.twitter.com/E3e1lgZIkV This week, the #Senate will take up an omnibus spending bill that builds on the bipartisan funding agreement reached in Feb. It will provide our military w the stable funding they need to meet emerging challenges & also strengthen our fight against the scourge of opioid addiction My @RichmondRnews op-ed on Senator @MikeCrapo’s #Relief4MainStreet bill that will help small community banks in#Kentucky and across the country.  Expanded education savings accounts found in the historic #TaxReform bill is "a big win for families"  The philosophy for more school choice, championed by @SenTedCruz in the historic #TaxReform bill is simple: More choice is better than less. Parents know best what works for their children. #TaxReform is working in #Ohio and across the country. Make sure to Read @senrobportman’s op-ed in @thebizjournal  Our children should not be sold, online or anywhere else. The bill the #Senate will consider would ensure that institutions that knowingly facilitate sex trafficking can be held accountable for their actions. That's why 67 Senators have joined @senrobportman in support. #SESTA Now that the #Senate has passed #Relief4MainStreet, we will focus on legislation to combat sex trafficking, a crisis right here in the United States. #SESTA #ICYMI  Yesterday, on a strong bipartisan vote, the #Senate passed Sen @MikeCrapo’s #Relief4MainStreet bill to streamline Dodd-Frank so that regulations intended for Wall Street place less of a crushing burden on Main Street. Yesterday, the #Senate advanced @POTUS' nomination of Kevin McAleenan to serve as Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, @CBP. This is an essential post and he is an excellent nominee. I urge everyone to join me in voting for his confirmation on Monday. .@POTUS' pick for National Economic Council, Larry Kudlow, is a warrior for pro-growth economics, and widely respected for his expertise in fiscal policy. I look forward to continued engagement with the White House team that will benefit from his insight. We're not only grateful that @SenJohnMcCain was welcomed home, we are especially grateful for his more than 30 years of service in the #Senate. His leadership and example are as important today as they have ever been. … GOOD NEWS→ The Senate just passed a bipartisan bill to provide relief to Americans on Main Street. #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/ChebQbN5oC The #Senate will soon pass Senator @MikeCrapo’s #Relief4MainStreet bill, giving more options to small banks and credit unions. … Despite every single Democrat in Congress voting against #TaxReform, millions of Americans have already benefited.  Because of #TaxReform, including the family-leave incentive championed by @SenatorFischer, huge national employers such as @Starbucks and @CVSHealth are expanding paid family leave programs or creating new ones. How is #TaxReform working for Americans? Ask the people in #Iowa who will be receiving a reduction in their heating and cooling bills as a result of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  Today, @POTUS will be visiting @Boeing and witnessing first-hand how #TaxReform is working for the people of #Missouri, despite every single Democrat voting against bonuses, pay raises, and new benefits for the American people. Dodd-Frank was created for Wall Street, but it's crushing Main Street. Sen @MikeCrapo's #Relief4MainStreet bill will pass soon, streamlining regulations so smaller lenders aren’t caught up in the web of regulations just makes sense. TODAY AT 10AM: @SenateCommerce to hold a hearing to examine #InfrastructureInAmerica with testimony from @SecElaineChao, @SecretaryRoss, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretarySonny, and @SecretaryAcosta   Today, @SenateCommerce will continue their hearings on rebuilding our infrastructure. Secretaries of @USDOL @CommerceGov @ENERGY @USDA & @USDOT will all share the administration’s ideas for cutting red tape, streamlining permitting, and aligning federal resources with local needs Hearts are heavy in Pikeville and all across #Kentucky this morning after Officer Scotty Hamilton, a 12-year veteran of the Pikeville Police Department, was shot and killed in the line of duty. Our sincere condolences go out to his family, friends, and colleagues.pic.twitter.com/gqOaiAfAEn With every favorable #TaxReform story, Democrats tie themselves in knots trying to convince everyone that new investments, new jobs, new raises and bonuses, are somehow not good news after all. They say it’s nothing more than “crumbs.” Mike Pompeo has earned the trust of the CIA, and I'm certain he will be an excellent Secretary of @StateDept. @POTUS has made an excellent choice in asking Gina Haspel to lead the @CIA & I look forward to working with her.  #TaxReform used to be a shared, bipartisan priority. Not anymore. Now Democrats seem fully committed to the notion there’s no problem Washington D.C. can’t solve by raising taxes and imposing more regulations.  Our country was able to call upon the unique talents of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State, and our national security was enhanced through his service. I wish him well in the future.pic.twitter.com/ymZPW9lvSM For over 20 years, Hope House in Spokane, WA has offered women refuge and a safe place to sleep, but last year more than 2,000 women had to be turned away. Now, thanks to #TaxReform, they are planning a new shelter to help more at risk women.  Later today, the #Senate will vote to advance the financial reform bill.  Senator @MikeCrapo’s legislation starts from a simple premise: Small community lenders on Main Street are not the same as the multi-trillion-dollar banks on Wall Street. #Relief4MainStreet Senator @MikeCrapo's #Relief4MainStreet bill will provide "regulatory relief for banks and credit unions, especially the smaller ones".  .@Costco's extra profit from the #TaxCutsandJobsAct will now be shared with their employees. #TaxReform is working for Americans.  "We could take some of that money" - #Senate Democats want to take bonuses & pay raises from #TaxReform.  .@VP is right, #TaxReform is working for the American people. … I look forward to working with @POTUS and the administration to make sure that our trade policy focuses on curbing abusive behavior and protecting our interests here at home without harming America’s economic security.pic.twitter.com/zKThDmIoxy #Nebraska companies, @Nelnet and @PinnacleBank, have awarded #TaxReform bonuses to thousands of workers.  Tax Reform is working for the American people.  Yes, #Senate Democrats want to take back Americans' #TaxReform bonuses, pay raises, and new jobs.  Thanks to Sen @MikeCrapo, Ds & Rs have joined together to cosponsor a bill that would streamline obstacles tripping up smaller institutions. It’s a commonsense, compromise measure, and we don't need to resolve all of our differences on Dodd-Frank in order to unite behind it. #Senate Democrats are still trying to stop millions of Americans from receiving benefits from #TaxReform.pic.twitter.com/CvQlRk7Gov 7.5 years later, Dodd-Frank has proved to be too blunt of an instrument. It’s imposed a crushing regulatory burden on small community banks and credit unions. #Relief4MainStreet Rather than fixing “too big to fail,” Dodd-Frank has threatened to make Main Street community banks and credit unions “too small to succeed.” #Relief4MainStreet #TaxReform is not only helping middle class Americans take home more of their hard earned money, it's also helping out Americans employed by the craft beer business.  This is not #Armageddon.  Every day, we hear about how bonuses, rising wages, expanded benefits and lower taxes are giving middle-class families a lot more breathing room. But every day, we are reminded how every single Democrat voted against more money for the American people. #TaxReform continues to bring good news for a host of American small businesses, including the fine distilleries that create thousands of jobs and tourism in my state of #Kentucky.  It's also helping entrepreneurs in the craft brewing industry.  Happening now - @VP is in #Kentucky speaking with small business owners and community leaders about the impact #TaxReform is having on them. Dodd-Frank’s inefficient, one-size-fits-all framework dropped small banks & credit unions into the regulatory maze that was intended for Wall Street. For 8 yrs, they’ve faced a staggering compliance burden that now consumes, on average, 24% of their net income. #Relief4MainStreet Thousands of pages of #DoddFrank regulations have hurt Americans on Main Street. Senator @MikeCrapo’s bill provides much-needed relief. #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/EQAa6tImDb The #Senate Democrats' plan to "pay for" their trillion dollar spending plan is to...wait for it...repeal #TaxReform that is giving millions of Americans bonuses, higher wages, and new jobs.pic.twitter.com/BGeVItmSx2 77% of agricultural loans come from community banks. These banks play a pivotal role in rural areas and farming communities, like those in #Kentucky. #Relief4MainStreet A majority of small-business loans are handled by community banks. Community banks, credit unions, and other small-scale lenders play a vital role in the U.S. #economy. #Relief4MainStreet Companies across America say "new U.S. tax legislation, has enabled us to increase our 401(K) match" for their employees.  #TaxReform is working for the American people.  Not only is #TaxReform working for the middle class American and small businesses, it's also good news for Americans’ retirement plans.  #Israel’s beacon of democracy must always shine through the darkness. And America will be right there, standing proudly alongside her. Thank you for visiting the @uscapitol today, Mr. Prime Minister @netanyahu.pic.twitter.com/GuVuV84RgU We’re already seeing ways #taxreform will continue to benefit Americans years into the future. Many of the 400-plus companies that have announced enhanced employee benefits are also expanding their contributions to workers’ retirement savings accounts.  This bill will continue to unwind the damage caused by an admin. and Democrat-run Congress that kept its foot firmly on the brake of the American economy. It will bring relief to small financial institutions hurt by Dodd-Frank’s one-size-fits-all approach.  Today, the Senate will vote to take up Sen. @MikeCrapo’s Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. This bill recognizes a simple truth: Small community banks and main-street credit unions are not the same as the multi-trillion-dollar banks on Wall Street. The Senate’s loss is @SenThadCochran’s family’s gain. As we say our farewells over the next few weeks, I know all of our colleagues will join me in wishing him health and every happiness as he sets out on his next chapter. Yesterday, the Senate learned that its “quiet persuader” will be leaving us after a long and distinguished career. @SenThadCochran’s retirement will mark the end of a tenure defined by steady, honorable leadership. The United States has finally taken a long-overdue step and recognized that Israel’s true capital is Jerusalem. Jerusalem is where the United States embassy belongs. And in just a few months, for the first time ever, that’s exactly where it will be. #AIPAC2018 Fortunately, in the last year, a new administration and a united front in Congress have charted a new course. America is rebuilding our capabilities, our partnerships, and our will to do what the circumstances require. #AIPAC2018 All these failures stemmed from a central misunderstanding: For eight years, the previous administration failed to recognize that the U.S. and Israel are stronger together, and that we share a commonality of interests. #AIPAC2018 The Obama administration’s fealty to the nuclear deal spawned a reluctance to address Iran’s regional ambitions. And Iran was happy to exploit that void, menacing our ships and planes deployed to the Persian Gulf. #AIPAC2018 I’ll be speaking shortly at #AIPAC2018 on the importance of the US-Israel partnership. .@SenThadCochran's well-earned reputation as a “quiet persuader” has endeared him to all his colleagues. He departs with our gratitude for so many years of service, from his time as a Navy officer to nearly four decades in the #Senate, and our warmest wishes for his retirement.pic.twitter.com/z3x4jKvJOn READ my latest column: '#TaxReform is Working in #Arkansas'   "Despite the dire warnings, it turns out that the economy is responding incredibly well to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct." Just ask @Walmart @FedEx @BankoftheOzarks @TysonFoods @MY100BANK & others. … Meanwhile, outside the Beltway…'Bonuses, rising wages, expanded benefits & lower taxes are giving middle-class families a whole lot more breathing room' #TaxReform is working.  Today, the #Senate will vote on 2 more of @POTUS' talented federal district judge nominees: Karen Scholer for the Northern District of Texas and Tilman Self for the Middle District of Georgia. Fewer Americans are filing for unemployment today than at any time since 1969, a 48 year low. … Because Congress passed #TaxReform & @POTUS signed it into law, workers and small biz owners across our nation are already reaping the benefits. But remember, every single Democrat voted to block the #TaxCutsandJobsAct & stop Americans from keeping more of their hard earned money Not only is the #TaxCutsandJobsAct helping the American people with #TaxReform, it’s also providing more paid family leave. … #TaxReform is continuing to work for the American people. It’s a shame Democrats still haven’t been able to extract themselves from their lock-step opposition to this historic law.  #TaxReform has “real, tangible benefits” for the American people.  I’m glad that Congress could honor the great Rev. Graham in this way. Yesterday, thousands of Americans visited the Rotunda to pay their respects.pic.twitter.com/bi6WN4IPw8 To Lie in Honor is a very rare tribute, even rarer for an American w/o Gov or military service. But it perfectly suits Billy Graham, whose preaching inspired hundreds of millions worldwide, who counseled presidents, and whom an entire nation came to know as “America’s pastor.” Today, #BillyGraham will Lie in Honor in the Rotunda of the US Capitol. He will be the 4th person to which this honor has been bestowed, and one that "America's Pastor" has certainly earned. On behalf of the Senate, and the country, we cannot thank him enough for his service.pic.twitter.com/LSoVRh4V6k The #Senate just confirmed Elizabeth Branch to the 11th Circuit, the 14th circuit court judge that @POTUS has placed into a lifetime appointment. Together, we are working to put judges on the bench that uphold the rule of law. "Tax law offers incentive for employers to extend benefits" - #TaxReform is working for #Mississippi, make sure to read @SenatorWicker's op-ed on how the #TaxCutsandJobsAct is not "#Armageddon".    "#TaxReform is Increasing Optimism for Families and Businesses in the Miami Valley" - @senrobportman's op-ed on how the #TaxCutsandJobsAct is helping those in #Ohio.  Let’s continue our constitutional responsibility & confirm @POTUS' outstanding judicial nominees. It's a further credit to the outstanding work of Chairman @ChuckGrassley & the @senjudiciary committee. It is with great sadness that Elaine and I note the passing of the Rev. Billy Graham, a man whose God-given gifts and love for souls endeared him to millions and earned for him the title “America’s Pastor."pic.twitter.com/YRavreBjB9 For employees of nearly 350 companies some sort of special #TaxReform bonus is heading their way thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  If a solution is developed in the future that can pass both the House & #Senate and that @POTUS would sign into law, we should turn to it. But for that to happen, Dems will need to take a second look at the necessary core elements of #immigration reform.  Democrats like to speak about the importance of paid leave. But not a single one of them voted in favor of #TaxReform.  Every single Democrat in the House and #Senate voted against the bill that included @SenatorFischer’s paid family leave incentives. Thanks to the tireless work of @SenatorFischer, the #TaxCutsandJobsAct encourages more employers to provide paid family leave. That's good news for nearly 4 Million American families that will welcome a child this year.  #TaxReform is working for the American people. Several senators, led by Senator @ChuckGrassley, have crafted legislation that accommodates the major interests of all sides. It fulfills the stated goal of Democrats AND conforms to the @POTUS' requirements for #Immigration & #DACA. Because of #TaxReform, when a couple starts a family, they’ll benefit from the fact that the #TaxCutsandJobsAct doubled the child tax credit, thanks to the work of @SenDeanHeller throughout the committee process. #Senate Democrats say they want resolution for illegal immigrants who were brought to this country as children. @POTUS' framework would do just that and more by offering a more than generous resolution to 1.8 million such individuals. Remember: #Senate Democrats wanted this #Immigration debate. They shut down the federal government for 300 million Americans, unnecessarily, to guarantee we could have this debate this week.pic.twitter.com/xDqsg44zhI This entire week has been set aside, as I assured it would be, for votes on #DACA, border security, and other #immigration issues. We should be wrapping up a week of debate, amendments, & numerous votes. Instead, we have yet to vote on a single amendment. In addition to @POTUS calling for the nation's flags to be flown at half-staff, the #Senate will hold a moment of silence at Noon to honor the victims in Parkland, Florida. Schools should be places where children can learn, and faculty and staff can work, without fear of violence. My colleagues from Florida will carry home the prayers of the whole Senate, for victims and their families, for the community of Parkland, and for the first responders. I'm deeply saddened by the horrific violence in Florida. Praying for the victims, their families, and the Parkland community. Always grateful for first responders who charge into harm’s way. We must streamline regulations, reform the permitting process, and get government out of the way wherever possible. I’m grateful @POTUS is prioritizing this and reaching across the aisle to fix our failing #Infrastructure. Keeping Americans safe does not need to be a partisan issue & addressing important safety issues along w #DACA, border security, and other parts of our broken immigration system is our best chance to produce legislation that can pass the House, #Senate, and earn @POTUS' signature #TaxReform is working for Americans … .@POTUS' #DACA framework is a compassionate resolution for the illegal immigrants who were brought to this country as children. It offers a generous solution for those 1.8 million that goes well beyond what many anticipated he would offer. I'm a little perplexed by this hold-up by the #Senate Democrats on #DACA and #Immigration.pic.twitter.com/OQXj8rQs3w If you’re reading this, Democrats are still blocking the #Senate from even beginning the important debate on #Immigration. … Day after day, the headlines show more bonuses, pay raises, and new benefits as a direct result of #TaxReform. National employers like @pfizer & @HomeDepot, which employ more than half a million Americans, have announced hundreds of millions of dollars in employee bonuses. The #TaxCutsandJobsAct will directly help families by cutting tax rates. In every paycheck, American workers will keep more of what they earn.  #TaxReform is working for the American people. More than 3.5 Million American workers have already benefited thanks to #TaxReform and the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  If other #immigration proposals are to be considered, Senators will have to introduce their own amendments, rather than just talk about them. I made a commitment to hold this debate this week. I've lived up to my commitment. I hope this opportunity does not go to waste. Yesterday, several of my colleagues announced an #immigration compromise that I believe is our best chance to make law. It gives a compassionate solution for 1.8 million illegal immigrants who were brought to the US as children. And it delivers on @POTUS' stated conditions. Every Senator has had ample time to prepare for this week's #immigration debate on the #Senate floor. The clock is ticking, but debate has yet to begin because Democrats have yet to yield back any of their post-cloture time.pic.twitter.com/AHSMdpvFAp This week, I urge all Senators to look past making political points on #immigration and #DACA, and focus on making actual law. Millions of Americans are receiving some form of a special #TaxReform bonus thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  This is not what "#Armageddon" looks like.  For a month now, I’ve repeatedly said I’d bring #immigration to the #Senate floor following a government funding agreement. Senators have had plenty of time to prepare. There is no reason why we should not reach a bipartisan solution this week. Due to the heavy rainfall over the weekend, #Kentucky residents are enduring widespread flooding in several Southeastern counties. My staff in Eastern Kentucky is working closely with local officials in the community, and I am monitoring the situation and receiving updates. Because of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, @MetLife will be increasing the minimum wage it pays, enhancing benefits, and boosting contributions to retirement plans.  #TaxReform is working for the American people. It's not "#Armageddon"    I hope the #Senate can seize this opportunity and deliver real progress towards securing our border, reforming aspects of our immigration policy, and achieving a resolution for individuals who were brought to our country illegally when they were young. The Secure and Succeed Act is our best chance of producing a solution that can actually resolve the immigration issue. We need a bill that can pass the #Senate and pass the House and earn @POTUS' signature. I appreciate @POTUS' focus on improving America's infrastructure. His proposal to eliminate regulatory barriers and streamline lengthy and over-complicated permitting processes makes sense. Happy 209th birthday to our 16th President and #Kentucky native, Abraham Lincoln.   For the families who are still struggling to rebuild in the wake of last year's spate of natural disasters, this budget agreement will provide funds for more relief. In addition to helping our military, #Veterans, and with disaster relief, this budget agreement invests in the future of our nation's infrastructure, a shared bipartisan priority. .@Boeing will boost employee match program after the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. #TaxReform is working for the American people.  This is not "#Armageddon"  On average, the #opioidcrisis takes more than 100 American lives every day. This budget agreement provides an additional $6 billion in additional funding for new grants, prevention programs, and law enforcement initiatives to bolster existing national and state efforts. .@CVSHealth will hike wages & introduce paid parental leave thanks to from the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. #TaxReform is working for the American people.  This is not "#Armageddon"  Short-term funding bills have handicapped our military's ability to engage in long-term planning and investment. This budget agreement will give our men and women in uniform the resources they need. After years of broken promises to our #Veterans, we are helping reform the @DeptVetAffairs by passing legislation to give our heroes more accessible care, choice, and workforce training they deserve. Bonuses, not #crumbs.  @ChipotleTweets is the latest company to give their employees benefits because of #TaxReform.  Humana says 28,000 employees eligible for bonuses year earlier than planned because of tax cut bill  … #TaxCutsandJobsAct #TaxReform #Kentucky Thank you @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan & Democratic leaders for the hard work & tough compromises that went into making this deal. Today's agreement will provide our troops the training, capabilities & support they need to keep America safe & rise to the challenges we ask of them. This bill represents a significant, bipartisan step forward. I urge every Senator to review this legislation and join in voting to advance it. Too often, underfunded, over-complicated bureaucracies fail to deliver the care our #Veterans deserve. This bill will provide for our returning heroes. As I’ve said publicly many times, our upcoming immigration debate on #DACA, border security, & other issues will be a process that is fair to all sides. While I obviously cannot guarantee any outcomes, let alone supermajority support, I can ensure the process is fair to all sides The bipartisan budget agreement will fund new grants, prevention programs, and law enforcement efforts in vulnerable communities across the country struggling against the #opioidcrisis and substance abuse. In addition to helping our military and #Veterans, this bipartisan agreement will provides funding for disaster relief efforts. Last year, powerful storms crippled #PuertoRico & #USVI and damaged communities from #Florida to #Texas, this bill will get more help on the way. First and foremost, this bipartisan agreement will unwind the sequestration cuts that have hurt our military and jeopardized national security. As @DeptofDefense Secretary Mattis said, “no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than sequestration.” For the first time in years, our military will have the resources needed to keep us safe. This funding will help serve #Veterans who have bravely served, & it will ensure efforts such as disaster relief, infrastructure, and build on our fight against opioid abuse & drug addiction I'm happy to announce that our bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on defense spending and other priorities have yielded a significant agreement. Thank you @SenSchumer for joining me this afternoon, and for the productive discussions that generated this proposal. Quick reminder: Every single Democrat in the House and in the Senate voted against #TaxReform & these new benefits for American workers.  .@KYTreasurer op-ed: Federal tax reform is a clear win for #Kentucky families.   This Congress is determined to reignite an #economy that works for everyone. That’s why #TaxReform lets families across the US keep more of what they earn, and makes America a more attractive place to create #jobs and gives our businesses a fairer fight with foreign competitors. Take-home pay is going up, and families everywhere are keeping more of their own hard-earned money. This is great news for middle class Americans.  So why are Democrats afraid to acknowledge that #TaxReform is working? Not only is #TaxReform helping American with their take home pay, it's providing 'A Plan To Help Distressed America' #IIOA  Families in #Kentucky don't call a permanent raise or a multi-thousand-dollar bonus “#crumbs”. Thanks to #TaxReform, paying the bills has already gotten a little less painful for millions of families. Planning for the future has gotten a little easier. Already, millions of American workers have received a #TaxReform bonus, pay increase, or other benefits, but apparently a $1,000, $2,000, or $3,000 bonus isn’t much to my colleagues from New York or San Francisco. .@SenatorTimScott's opportunity zones are a "huge deal". #TaxReform #IIOA  .@SenatorTimScott's "opportunity zones" will empower communities that have been passed over time and time again to, in effect, put up big neon signs that say “We’re open for business.” It will help struggling communities reach their full potential. All thanks to #TaxReform. #IIOA .@SenatorTimScott made sure that #TaxReform included a provision to create “opportunity zones” across the US, allowing governors to designate economically-distressed areas for special tax incentives that will make them more attractive places to invest and create #jobs. #IIOA “#TaxReform is a tremendous catalyst' for economic activity  Senators on both sides of the aisle say they agree that our warfighters deserve sufficient, stable funding to fulfill the missions and tasks their country assigns them.  Today, each of us will have the chance to back up that sentiment with our vote. The Tax Cuts & Jobs Act is working in #AR. It's not crumbs, armageddon or open warfare against the Middle Class. @Walmart @FedEx @BankoftheOzarks @MY100BANK & others (and their employees) are showing it's bonuses, higher wages, investment & more #TaxReform … #ICYMI - @UPS, @Lowes, @Amgen, and others are investing more, expanding more, hiring more American workers, and giving bonuses, pay raises, and new benefits to their employees thanks to #TaxReform found in the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. I’ve recently heard many Dems detail the harmful effects of short-term funding measures on our servicemembers. Soon, everyone will have the chance to vote to give them the certainty they deserve while our other work continues. There’s no reason why our warfighters need to continue to face uncertainty until spending issues are resolved. @DeptofDefense Secretary Mattis has repeatedly pointed out that short-term continuing resolutions harm the readiness of our forces. Thanks to #taxreform found in the #TaxCutsandJobsAct "investments will create new #jobs"  Not #Crumbs.  @Hostess_Snacks is giving employees bonuses and 401(k) contributions thanks to #TaxReform found in the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  Another one... @Lowes confirms plans to pay up to $1,000 bonuses and adding adoption assistance & paid parental leave to their employees thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. #TaxReform  This is not "#Armageddon"  .@UPS announces major investments to help “create new #jobs, secure existing jobs, and expand opportunities” for the #economy, all thanks to the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct. This is great news for the more than 20,000 UPS employees in #Kentucky @UPS_News #TaxReform  More good news for American workers  @cigna is the latest company to give their employees a raise because of #TaxReform & the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  This is not "#Armageddon"   … My statement regarding the train accident in Virginia.pic.twitter.com/TVB5boBtlu The 115th Congress and @realDonaldTrump are helping improve the lives of the American people. #SOTU  So ready for #SOTU!pic.twitter.com/39Wa9DppV8 To see more of what goes on behind the scenes on the day of @POTUS' first #SOTU, make sure to follow my @instagram account and watch my story.    Congressional Republicans and @POTUS' 2017 accomplishments were nothing short of outstanding. I am confident his 2nd year in office will be too. My #SOTU op-ed in the @courierjournal explains more  .@POTUS was able to seat more Circuit Court judges in the 1st year of his presidency than anyone in history. The #Senate is helping him confirm judges that are committed to the rule of law.  @DanaPerino @dailybriefing @FoxNews #SOTUpic.twitter.com/Jtf5ndLae4 .@POTUS and Republicans in Congress understand that when you make America a more attractive place to invest and create #jobs, you are helping American families and communities. That’s why we seized on the opportunity to provide #TaxReform with the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. #SOTU Democrats have made it clear that they think your #TaxReform bonuses & wage increases are "Crumbs" and "#Armageddon"  @DanaPerino @dailybriefing @FoxNews #SOTUpic.twitter.com/psb1MraQHG Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct the world's largest publicly traded company, @exxonmobil, plans to invest $50 billion in US over 5 years.  This is not "#Armageddon".   #SOTU  Make sure to watch my interview on the @dailybriefing previewing #SOTU with @DanaPerino at 2:00 PM Eastern on @FoxNews. Thanks to #TaxReform in the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, @pfizer is planning a $5 Billion boost in U.S. manufacturing.    This is not "#Armageddon"  #SOTU  Here’s a sneak peek behind-the-scenes of my conversation with @SenateMajLdr —Tune in tomorrow at 2pm on @dailybriefing to watch the full interview #sotu #dailybriefingpic.twitter.com/VNDIYPSGdn .@realDonaldTrump had more new Circuit Court judges confirmed in his 1st year than any president, a testimony to the quality of the nominees he sends to the #Senate. In fact, we’ll vote to confirm another excellent judge later today. #SOTU Democrats think that $1,000 doesn't "goes very far for almost anyone." Tell that to the hundreds of thousands of American workers for have received some sort of bonus or wage increase due to #TaxReform in the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.pic.twitter.com/IFx0wtw7Xt Before @POTUS delivers his first #SOTU tonight, make sure to read my op-ed in the @courierjournal on why 2017 was such a success with both @realDonaldTrump in the @WhiteHouse and Republicans in control of Congress.  Kentuckians continue to benefit from #TaxReform  #Louisville Gas and Electric Company and #Kentucky Utilities Company customers will see savings beginning in March because of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  Not "#Armageddon"    It’s a shame that no Democrats voted for #TaxReform – not a one. And it’s jarring to hear some of them now denigrating the pay increases and benefits that only wealthy people could deem insignificant. To resolve President Obama’s unlawfully established #DACA program and other important immigration issues, I urge #Senate Democrats to put serious, good-faith discussions ahead of partisan point-scoring. The world's largest publicly traded company, @exxonmobil, plans to invest $50 billion in US over 5 years thanks to #TaxReform and the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.   This is not "#Armageddon".  .@SenateMajLdr: Our hearts are with Marshall County as the community of Benton, #Kentucky continues to pick up the pieces after last week. This past weekend, hundreds gathered at the high school gym to remember Bailey & Preston and to comfort one another.  pic.twitter.com/tmQkd4XDEB The #Senate will consider another well-qualified judicial nominee, David Stras of Minnesota, to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, adding to @POTUS' historic push for judges committed to the rule of law. .@FedEx commits $3.2 billion following changes in tax law.   #TaxReform is not "Armageddon"  My statement below regarding the White House Immigration and Security Frameworkpic.twitter.com/hCzqkxIYZN The longest #CHIP extension in history  Brown Forman, headquartered in #Louisville that employs more than 1,000 in #Kentucky, said yesterday that #TaxReform will help start a new charitable foundation for community investment & commit $120 million to fund employee pensions.   @BrownFormanJobs This is not just #TaxReform for the big guys. Now even the smallest businesses will be able to take a significant deduction on their business income, giving them more money to buy new equipment, hire a new employee, or provide health coverage for their team. #TaxCutsandJobsAct Consumer confidence is up. Unemployment is down. Markets are breaking records. From small businesses to our largest job creators, pay raises, bonuses, and plans for new investments are in season.  American enterprise is thriving. #TaxReform and the #TaxCutsandJobsAct helped make it happen.  There are only 7 countries left that still permit elective abortion after 20 weeks—including the US, China, and North Korea. That’s why the #Senate will soon vote to take up commonsense legislation to protect unborn children who can feel pain. Yesterday, the #Senate confirmed 3 of @POTUS' highly-qualified nominees for important posts. Chairman of the @federalreserve, Jay Powell. Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar. Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom, Sam Brownback. 'A Rising Tide Of Economic Optimism' thanks to #TaxReform and the #TaxCutsandJobsAct  Parents of the nearly 9,000,000 American children who rely on #CHIP can breathe easier thanks to the longest extension in its history.  #TaxReform continues to deliver for American workers   Today, the #Senate will vote to confirm @POTUS' nominee for @HHSGov, Alex Azar. It is vital that this department be headed by a leader with Mr. Azar’s extensive qualifications and excellent reputation. .@Starbucks announced that it is permanently raising pay and expanding benefits like one-time stock bonuses and paid leave to its workers. This major investment in its workforce will help more than 150,000 employees.  Not "Armageddon"    So far, "Armageddon" is looking pretty good.  Yesterday alone, 3 of the nation’s largest companies (@verizon, @WaltDisneyCo, @jpmorgan) announced major new investments in the U.S. #economy and workforce thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  In other words, #TaxReform is not "Armageddon" The #Senate took another important step in confirming @POTUS' qualified nominees. In strong bipartisan fashion, we confirmed Jay Powell to serve as Chairman of the @federalreserve by a vote of 84-13. Over 200 companies have given pay raises, special bonuses, and other benefits to their employees thanks to #TaxReform and the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  As part of #TaxReform, we repealed the individual mandate tax at the heart of Obamacare. Now we’ve delayed three more. 1. The deeply unpopular tax on medical devices. 2. "Cadillac tax," which penalizes employers who offer generous benefits. 3. The "health insurance tax" The "good news about last month's historic #TaxReform law continues to pile up."  The 6 year extension of Children’s Health Insurance Program is the longest ever. #CHIP helps nearly 9,000,000 children across our country. A special thanks to @senorrinhatch for his work in both creating the program, and helping secure this funding. Even the Democrats’ government shutdown couldn’t keep this GOP Congress from finding new ways to cut taxes. Included in yesterday’s bipartisan bill was an additional $31 billion in tax cuts. Specifically, we delayed 3 onerous Obamacare taxes. Now that the shutdown has ended, the #Senate must get back to its job of confirming nominees. We have 3 ready to go: Alex Azar for Secretary of @HHSGov Sam Brownback for Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom Jerome Powell for Chairman of the @federalreserve Because common sense and bipartisanship won out yesterday, we have a fresh start today to resume negotiations on key issues such as immigration and border security, disaster relief, health care, and defense spending. Yesterday an overwhelming bipartisan majority voted to:  end a filibuster of government funding  fund for our men and women in uniform  extend #CHIP  further delay three Obamacare taxes This regrettable shutdown reminded all of us that, in United States #Senate, brinksmanship and hostage-taking simply do not work. Closely tracking reports of the tragedy in Benton, #Kentucky at Marshall County High School and my thoughts are with the students, teachers, faculty, and the entire community. Thank you to the first responders who continue to put themselves in harm's way to protect others. After 3 days of a government shutdown, a bipartisan majority has brought the Democratic Leader’s extraordinary filibuster to an end.pic.twitter.com/xe2fAdjEaZ We have been talking for months about ways to address Congress’ unfinished business — military spending, disaster relief, healthcare, immigration, and border security.  Now those talks can get going again. During the shutdown, the #Senate made no substantive progress – not an inch – on the serious, bipartisan negotiations that it will take us to resolve issues such as immigration and border security, health care, disaster relief, defense spending, & many other matters. As I’ve said repeatedly over the past week, shutting down the government is an irresponsible way to do business. All of our important business for the American people had to be put on hold while this manufactured crisis was dealt with. It's now evident that this filibuster is doing nothing to generate bipartisan progress on issues that Americans care about. Every day we spend arguing about keeping the lights on is another day we cannot spend negotiating DACA, defense, or any of our other shared priorities. Today at noon, every Senator can vote to end this government shutdown. We will vote to end this filibuster and advance instead a bipartisan bill that would put this whole mess behind us. A quick update on the where things stand in the #Senate.pic.twitter.com/BalWNAdBCn I will be heading to the #Senate floor at 9:00 PM Eastern to give an update on the #Schumershutdown. To most Americans, taking care of our military and #veterans, providing #healthcare for needy children, and funding the @CDCgov sound like fundamental responsibilities.   To the Democratic Leader, apparently, they sound like hostages ripe for the taking.  #SchumerShutdown In the #Senate, the minority has the power to filibuster. And on Friday, the Democratic Leader made the extraordinary and destructive choice to filibuster the bipartisan bill and guarantee the American people a #SchumerShutdown. #ICYMI  Chris Wallace on @FoxNewsSunday perfectly boiled down the #Senate Democrats and the #SchumerShutdown.pic.twitter.com/ZVD28jfm8a #SchumerShutdown: Day 2pic.twitter.com/xrVbTivQVC Thanks to the #SchumerShutdown, we updated this.pic.twitter.com/RxFaolbvnu #ICYMI: Earlier today, Democrats objected to the #Senate voting to end the government shutdown. Here’s the difference between the Democratic Leader and the rest of the #Senate tonight:  He wants to keep the government shut down for hundreds of millions of Americans until we finish negotiating on illegal immigration. Remember  a bipartisan majority of the #Senate, Republicans and Democrats, voted to avoid this #SchumerShutdown. "#Senate Democrats Blocked Passage Of A Stopgap Spending Bill" #SchumerShutdown   We put forward a noncontroversial bill with bipartisan support that contains nothing #Senate Democrats even claim to object to.  It continued funding the federal government and secured the future of #CHIP for the nearly 9,000,000 children that rely on it.  #SchumerShutdown #SchumerShutdown: Day 1pic.twitter.com/EzekJg4LQ6 The #SchumerShutdown strategy is opposed by a majority of Americans, and its impact felt across the country.  Letter from Secretary Mattis to our great military on #SchumerShutdown  "Steady as she goes - hold the line. I know our Nation can count on you."pic.twitter.com/BvNYQsuAGU .@realDonaldTrump, the House, a bipartisan majority of the #Senate, and the American people cannot begin to understand why the Democratic Leader thinks the entire government should be shut down until he gets his way on illegal immigration. #SchumerShutdown The United States of America is officially in Day 1 of a government shutdown, thanks to #Senate Democrats.pic.twitter.com/ePmf7cGaeF The Democratic Leader took the extraordinary step of filibustering a government funding bill, preventing it from passing, and plunging our country into this 100% avoidable mess. The facts before us are simple.  Right now, the Democratic leader has no compromise immigration bill on the table. No bill exists.  Why do Americans need to suffer from a government shutdown when he doesn’t even have an immigration bill? #Senate Democrats now say that illegal immigration should take priority over keeping the government open at all.  Nothing  for opioid treatment centers, #Veterans, or the families of fallen  soldiers. Nothing for the nearly 9,000,000 American children on #CHIP. It is bad enough to threaten a government shutdown. But it is downright senseless to create a hostage situation without even being able to express what your own demands are.  I've said it before, and I'll say it again. There is absolutely nothing in this bill that #Senate Democrats oppose, yet they are shutting down the government.  Q: “Secretary Mattis, one last question. Will a government shutdown have serious ramifications on military operations …?”  A: Secretary of @DeptofDefense James Mattis: “Yes … it’s got a terrible impact.”  .@DeptofDefense Secretary Mattis: A shutdown would have a "terrible impact" on our military  A partial list of what #Senate Democrats will be jeopardizing by shutting down the government over #DACA:  #Veterans’ services  opioid treatment centers  death benefits for the families of fallen soldiers  health insurance for nearly 9,000,000 vulnerable children #Senate Democrats do not oppose a single thing in this bill.  The vote to fund the government and the 9,000,000 kids depending on #CHIP should be easy, except the Democratic Leader has convinced #Senate Ds to filibuster any funding bill that doesn’t include legislation they are demanding for people who came to the United States illegally. There is no debating it, a Democrat led government shutdown would be harmful to the military.  #Senate Democrats have a choice to make. This should be a no-brainer...pic.twitter.com/zdUFXxclZ9 I look forward to voting soon on cloture for the House bill. The American people, the citizens who elected us, will be watching.pic.twitter.com/JP3Z8sWDWf Let’s come back to reality.pic.twitter.com/TZuvRcooQk Well…will they?   Government shutdowns are "tough" for military bases and communities.  Workers In #Ohio, #Florida, #Virginia, #Washington, #Colorado, & #Missouri worry ‘If the base shuts down, that affects everybody in this area,’ ‘will have an incredible impact’  Just so #Senate Democrats know, #DACA does not begin to face a deadline until March, at the earliest. The deadline to fund the government and the Children’s Health Insurance Program is TOMORROW.pic.twitter.com/JTS3p2sgnQ Keeping the government running in addition to a 6 year Children’s Health Insurance Program extension, which gives security to the families of nearly 9 million American children who depend on the program for coverage, is commonsense.  Every member of should support it. #CHIP #Kentucky children rely on #CHIP. I hope #Senate Democrats don't let them down.pic.twitter.com/WmsNrbEpnr Last week the automaker @FiatChrysler_NA announced that it is renewing production lines in America, where prohibitive business taxes once stood in the way. That's 2,500 new jobs coming to America, thanks to #TaxReform. Last year, the Senate Finance Committee unanimously agreed on a proposal to extend #CHIP by 5 years. The continuing resolution extends it for 6, with no changes.  This should not be a difficult vote. America’s children need our support.  Not a government shut down by #Senate Democrats.pic.twitter.com/N6K67td2kv Will Democrats shut down the government?   It's only been 1 year since @realDonaldTrump became @POTUS but together we have already delivered on: rolling back runaway regulations standing up for veterans funding our troops strengthening national security passing once-in-a-generation #TaxReform The choice to fund the government by Friday is simple. 1) pass a noncontroversial, bipartisan bill to keep the government open OR 2) Democrats manufacture a crisis & force a government shutdown over an unrelated issue that we have until at least March to resolve As a direct result of #TaxReform, @Apple will pay special bonuses worth $2,500 to employees and repatriate much of the $250 billion in cash they have been holding overseas. This is not what Armageddon looks like. Yesterday, the highest-valued public company in the world, @Apple, announced plans to create more than 20,000 new #jobs & invest $30 billion in new capital in the United States. There is nothing, absolutely nothing, in this continuing resolution that #Senate Democrats actually oppose.pic.twitter.com/DFl0ulZBCW These #Senate Democrats represent tens of thousands of children who depend on #CHIP. Why they would threaten to turn their backs on children – and shut down the government, while they’re at it – over the unrelated issue of illegal immigration?pic.twitter.com/X6OJGMlvd3 “Stop playing political football with the health care of our children.” Will #Senate Democrats do just that with the 150,000 kids depending on #CHIP in #Alabama?pic.twitter.com/Nqj2Erwvt1 The #Senate will vote today to reauthorize important provisions of the #FISA Amendments Act. As we all know, Section 702 remains one of the most important tools that our national security professionals use to combat terrorism and keep Americans safe. 342,000 kids in #Pennsylvania depend on #CHIPpic.twitter.com/aEyw3o3zd1 I find it difficult to believe that #Senate Democrats would want to shut down the government for American citizens and vote down a 6 year reauthorization of health insurance for American children, all over illegal immigration. #CHIP This afternoon, Congress, @POTUS, and @VP, honored a true American hero. Thank you for all that you have given to our great country, @SenatorDole.pic.twitter.com/5yXoTnrFYt Watch live as we honor @SenatorDole. … The funding bill that we’ll take up in the #Senate will reauthorize #CHIP (which covers nearly 9 million children in low-income families) for 6 years.  That's 1 year longer than the bipartisan bill that unanimously passed Senate Finance Committee on a bipartisan basis last year. #Senate Democrats - “resolutely against shut down under any circumstances”?  Preventing a government shutdown and funding children’s health insurance for 6 years should be a no-brainer. #CHIPpic.twitter.com/5ZosLtsYdg #Senate Democrats on children’s health insurance - "Stop playing political football with the #healthcare of our children" #CHIP  The Senate must act swiftly to extend the authorization of Section 702 so that the U.S. government may continue to effectively acquire foreign intelligence information #ICYMI → @Humana, which employs more than 12,000 in #Kentucky, is accelerating pay incentives and minimum wage for its workers thanks to #TaxReform. .@Humana & @RamTrucks will join a growing list of more than 150 companies that have announced plans to distribute significant bonuses, permanent pay raises, more generous retirement contributions, or other benefits to their employees because of #TaxReform. … Section 702 does not permit the targeting of American citizens anywhere in the world.  Let me repeat: Section 702 does not allow the targeting of American citizens. Nor the targeting of anyone of any nationality who is known to be in the U.S. Section 702, one of the most important tools that our warfighters and intelligence professionals use to wage the war on terror and keep Americans safe, allows the United States to collect communications from foreign terrorists who wish harm on America and our allies. With no imminent deadline on #immigration, and with bipartisan talks well underway, there is no reason why Congress should hold government funding hostage over the issue of illegal immigration. Nebraskans will likely see lower gas rates because of the #TaxReform bill passed by Congress reports @JournalStarNews. Another win for NE that’s a direct result of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. #WorkingforYou Full story here:   Well over 100 companies have announced intentions to deliver special bonuses, pay increases, or other benefits to employees as a result of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. It is a shame that none of our Democratic colleagues – in the House or the Senate – voted for #TaxReform.  Not one. Pay Raises. Bonuses. Lower utility bills.  Not "armageddon"pic.twitter.com/5fuGgB4EoE Using the Congressional Review Act, Congress repealed 15 major federal regulations that were stifling American enterprise. This alone is expected to save employers up to $36B in compliance costs. And this was in addition to the 860 rules @POTUS revisited in 2017. .@Walmart becomes the latest major American company to announce bonuses, raises and maternity/paternity leave because of #TaxReform   Government does not create prosperity. The American people do.pic.twitter.com/gY7xdj6gTG Pay Raises. Bonuses. Lower utility bills.  Not "armageddon"pic.twitter.com/jcWToCprMG Thanks to @POTUS signing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct into law, thousands of @Walmart employees in #Kentucky will now receive bonuses and higher wages.  Happy to see #Oklahoma respond to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct by passing the savings on to the people.  … Major power companies in #Illinois, #Maryland, and #Massachusetts are already proposing plans to give their customers tens of millions of dollars -- or hundreds of millions of dollars – in relief by lowering the rates they charge for #energy. All thanks to #TaxReform. #ICYMI → Because of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, a #SouthCarolina electric and gas utility is planning to give a cash payment directly to its customers, averaging $1,000 per household.  Over ONE MILLION American workers and counting are receiving bonuses & wage hikes because of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct    Due to the historic #TaxReform from the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, the many struggling to make ends meet will be getting a break thanks to lower utility prices.  It's been THREE WEEKS since @POTUS signed the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, and the American people are already feeling the positive effects.  pic.twitter.com/3PXbwzFI9e Once-in-a-generation #TaxReform = lower utility bills  It’s been less than a month since Congress passed, and @POTUS signed, the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. But already, Americans are feeling the positive effects.pic.twitter.com/NbbF1psAt3 We are less than a month past @POTUS signing into law historic #TaxReform, and those in #Kentucky are already feeling the positive effects, and will soon see lower utility costs.  When Washington gets out of the way, cuts back regulations, and modernizes the tax code with the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, American workers reap the benefits.   Americans are already seeing benefits from the #TaxCutsandJobsAct    The need to provide our military with adequate, predictable funding to meet multiple security threats is clear  Op-Ed by @ChuckGrassley and @SenateMajLdr: A Historic Year for the Federal Judiciary … The #TaxCutsandJobsAct sure doesn't look like "Armageddon"pic.twitter.com/qZhP5ihDtB Across the country and a variety of different industries, workers, including many in #Kentucky, are receiving significant bonuses, permanent pay raises, more generous retirement contributions, and other benefits thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.pic.twitter.com/CBVrwzGPDL Americans are most optimistic than ever about finding good quality #jobs.  pic.twitter.com/uVUxLQHWRS Thanks to @POTUS signing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, over 1,000,000 Americans are already seeing the benefits, and there's more to come...pic.twitter.com/KE0QrqZ33u Lower tax rates will mean less money withheld for the IRS and more take-home pay for hardworking Americans. In the next week and a half, let’s put aside partisan rhetoric and start heeding the warnings of our nonpartisan military leaders. Let’s give those who keep us safe the resources they need to do it. Since fiscal year 2013, discretionary defense spending has been cut by $85 billion more than discretionary non-defense spending. This might sound like an abstract distinction. But it has very real, tangible consequences for our national security. According to the Farm Bureau Federation, 93% of U.S. farms file taxes through the individual code. Thanks to the #TaxCutAndJobsAct, it will be easier for farm families in #Kentucky and around the country to invest in new capital equipment and recover their costs. Thanks to the #TaxCutAndJobsAct, businesses throughout America are taking advantage of more competitive tax rates and passing the savings along to their workers.pic.twitter.com/v7rTVj1Jyp Make sure to read my new @NRO op-ed with @ChuckGrassley on how 2017 was a historic year for the federal judiciary.  For many Americans, life is nowhere near back to normal. It’s time to complete our work on the supplemental disaster relief legislation to help those hurt by the crippling hurricanes and wildfires. I know that colleagues on both sides of the aisle are eager to find a long-term solution for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Five years, full reauthorization. Let’s get this done for working families. Our men and women in uniform are doing their job. Our job is to give them the resources they require.   New graphic from @SenateRPC: Employees are getting a pay raise thanks to GOP and @realDonaldTrump #TaxRelief plan.pic.twitter.com/ZvudY7qPHq Bonuses, raises, increased 401(K) contributions & improved benefits. This is what happens when Congress passes #TaxReform.  Nothing about defense spending needs to be partisan. During the Obama Administration, Defense Secretaries Panetta, Hagel, and Carter all similarly warned that sequestration cuts would handicap our men and women in uniform. We must set aside the misguided notion that defense spending needs to be matched $-for-$ by new non-defense spending.   .@AmericanAir & @SouthwestAir have both given employees bonuses thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.  I’m optimistic that we can begin 2018 with a bipartisan, 2 year funding agreement that meets several critically-important objectives. To begin with, any agreement must provide our armed forces with the resources they need to fulfill their missions. There is no reason why funding for our national security and our service members should be limited by an arbitrary political formula that bears no relationship to actual need. Millions of dollars in bonuses for more than 500,000 American workers have already been announced in response to the #TaxCutAndJobsAct.  The coming days will be noteworthy as we wait to see if hardliners in #Iran use the #IranProtests as an excuse to promote even more aggressive policies toward the West and tighten their grip further on the country and its economy. It's not time to say goodbye just yet to @senorrinhatch, the #Senate and the American people will benefit greatly from his wisdom and famous work ethic for one more year before his retirement.pic.twitter.com/jM8PVcAQsu I would like to offer a warm welcome to Doug Jones of Alabama and Tina Smith of Minnesota to the #Senate. I look forward to working with them in the months ahead to make bipartisan progress and find common ground on behalf of the American people. .@senorrinhatch's long list of accomplishments means he will depart as one of the most productive members ever to serve in the #Senate. We’ll remember the unfailing energy, kindness, and straightforward honesty that he brought to work every day.   May you have a happy, safe, and hopefully football filled New Year.pic.twitter.com/m8cxCHPQFD Here's to a safe and happy New Year!pic.twitter.com/ezOGbcYz1B I hope everyone has a safe and Merry Christmas.pic.twitter.com/CU4JIwfoc5 Merry Christmas, everyone.pic.twitter.com/nSQ48chbcU Real reform for American #Veterans  Significant bipartisan victories this year on behalf of our nation’s Veterans  .@SenateMajLdr holds a year-end press conference to discuss the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct and historic judicial confirmati… … “this has been a year of extraordinary accomplishment for @realDonaldTrump. We've cemented #SCOTUS right of center for a generation. @POTUS, thanks to your nominees, we put 12 circuit court judges in place, the most since [it] was established in 1891.”  'A Year of Substantial Accomplishment': @SenateMajLdr on Year 1 of the @realDonaldTrump Presidency … Thank you @marthamaccallum for having me on @FoxNews tonight to discuss the #Senate Democrats attack on @bereacollege, a #Kentucky school that provides free college tuition for low-income students.pic.twitter.com/HYz3uEJOol - TONIGHT 7:00 Eastern - I will be joining @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews to discuss the once-in-a-generation #TaxReform bill & how #Senate Democrats are penalizing low income students. Make sure to read my #TaxReform op-ed in @FoxNews from this morning. Americans, we heard you loud and clear.  #ICYMI - companies gave ‘bonuses to hundreds of thousands of workers after tax bill’. #TaxReform is already benefiting Americans.  #Senate Democrats are penalizing poor students and making it harder for them to earn a college degree.  'Most people are going to pay less’ in federal income taxes due to #TaxReform.  Thank you for your service to both the country and the people of Alabama. You’ve served with dignity and honor. Thank you @SenatorStrange. … #Senate Dems purposefully penalized schools that give scholarships to low-income students, like @bereacollege in #Kentucky. Their students’ average household income is less than $30k/year. Every single student receives a scholarship, which covers the cost of their tuition.pic.twitter.com/zm0wVaOpJ1 #TaxReform is soon to be a reality for the American people. Thank you @SpeakerRyan for your leadership in passing this legislation through the House.   Next step, becoming law with @POTUS' signature.pic.twitter.com/kkiHJYguid I hope that #Senate Democrats will work with us to provide the necessary funds to our military so that the men and women of our all-volunteer force can continue to keep our country safe. .@POTUS ran on giving tax cuts to middle class Americans. Congress delivered on that promise. #TaxReform is on its way.  This week in the #Senate: passed once-in-a-generation #TaxReform strengthened our #energy and national security repealed Obamacare's individual mandate tax Thank you @mikeallen and @axios for inviting me to speak this morning. #TaxReform is a major accomplishment for Congress, @POTUS, but more importantly for the American people.pic.twitter.com/2M8xgjaCSm .@axios Conversation with @SenateMajLdr & @mikeallen - LIVE on C-SPAN2  pic.twitter.com/o9GhuJp0d1 Tomorrow morning I will be joining @mikeallen for @axios News Shapers. I will be discussing #TaxReform and how the #Senate has confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a @POTUS' first year. Thank you @POTUS for all you’re doing on behalf of the American people. 2017 has been a year of extraordinary accomplishments for the Trump White House.pic.twitter.com/BE7RteqEXQ Thank you to all those who helped give middle class Americans #TaxReform they deserve. The members of @GOPSenFinance, @BudgetGOP, @EnergyGOP, @SpeakerRyan & @RepKevinBrady, and of course @POTUS and @VP. We could not have done it without each and every one of you. Thank you @EnergyGOP Chair @lisamurkowski & @SenDanSullivan for helping lead the way to responsibly developing more of Alaska’s oil and gas potential, strengthening both our #economy and our national security in the process. Repealing Obamacare’s harmful individual mandate tax in #TaxReform is "a tax cut for low-income Americans"  For all that you have done to help make #TaxReform a reality, thank you @GOPSenFinance Chairman @senorrinhatch.pic.twitter.com/uW9tQSWji2 Not only did the #Senate pass once-in-a-generation #TaxReform last night, we voted to repeal #Obamacare’s individual mandate tax, so that low and middle income families are not forced to purchase something they either don’t want or can’t afford. After years of work, dozens of hearings, and an open process, we passed an historic overhaul of our nation’s tax code. It will deliver #TaxReform to families and small businesses across the nation.pic.twitter.com/L7lfltKx5e Senate Republicans discuss the once-in-a-generation #TaxCutsAndJobsAct that just passed. … BREAKING ↓ The #Senate has passed the #TaxCutsandJobsAct to give hard working Americans the #TaxReform they deserve.pic.twitter.com/dndSY7vUfL Democrats have long called for #TaxReform, but have suddenly changed their mind. Does a new @POTUS mean they are ok with slow growth and an underperforming #economy?   @BretBaier @SpecialReport @FoxNewspic.twitter.com/3Pv28SJ1Wh In addition to partnering with @POTUS on significant regulatory rollbacks, our #TaxReform bill will give the American #economy a boost and get it growing again.  @BretBaier @SpecialReport @FoxNewspic.twitter.com/e6mV1sgDr3 Delivering #TaxReform to the middle class is what this bill is all about. It’s time Americans keep more of their hard-earned money.  @BretBaier @SpecialReport @FoxNewspic.twitter.com/89eprUHrJU This year is different ↓  TONIGHT: @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell speaks exclusively to @BretBaier about the tax reform vote. Tune in to #SpecialReport on Fox News Channel at  6p ET.pic.twitter.com/EmL7AMF9sg TONIGHT → I will be joining @BretBaier on @SpecialReport to discuss the importance of #TaxReform for the American people and how the #Senate has confirmed more circuit court judges in @POTUS' first year than any President in history. 6:00 PM Eastern The #TaxCutsandJobsAct: doubles standard deduction AND child tax credit lowers corporate tax rate erases the individual mandate strengthens national security by investing in our own #energy puts our country on a trajectory towards better-paying #jobs. Now that the House has passed the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, the #Senate will have up to 10 hours of debate before passing this once-in-a-generation #TaxReform bill for the American people. We are now one step closer to passing #TaxReform for the American people. I urge all members of the #Senate to join me in voting to approve the conference report and complete this victory for the American people. … The #TaxCutsandJobsAct is a bill that does exactly what we set out to dopic.twitter.com/3OdYqadhoY A special thank you to @GOPSenFinance Chairman @senorrinhatch, @EnergyGOP Chair @lisamurkowski, and @BudgetGOP Chairman @SenatorEnzi for their work to help finalize the #TaxReform conference report. The #TaxCutsandJobsAct not only modernizes our burdensome tax code, it also strengthens our national security by using more of our own #energy in Alaska and repeals the harmful individual mandate that forces Americans to buy #Healthcare plans they can't afford. In addition to CHIP and #Veterans Choice, we must approve supplemental disaster funding for states and territories that are still struggling to rebuild after a year of devastating natural disasters. Congress needs to work together to renew the #Veterans Choice program, which aims to cut wait times for @DeptVetAffairs #healthcare and give our veterans flexibility to access care outside the system. Congress must renew funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program so the parents of the nine million children who are covered by CHIP can know their children’s health care is secure. Congress is close to passing real #TaxReform for the American people. @POTUS will have it on his desk very soon.pic.twitter.com/1k7mCYJyn7 Before the end of this week, Congress must ensure our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to protect Americans and face the challenges of a dangerous world. The #Senate's thoughts this afternoon are with the victims of this morning’s tragic train derailment in Washington state, and with their families. And our gratitude is with the first responders who answered the call and rushed to the scene. The #Senate has confirmed an historic 12 Circuit Court Judges this year. That's the most in a President’s 1st year in office since the creation of circuit courts in 1891.  Last week, the #Senate finished another historic week by confirming 3 more of @POTUS' impressive judicial nominees to the Circuit Courts, for a total of 12 this year.  CONFIRMED: Thapar Bush Newsom Erickson Barrett Larsen Eid Bibas Katsas Grasz Willett Ho My statement on the #TaxCutsandJobsAct conference report that was released today. It's time to bring real #TaxReform to the middle class by taking money out of Washington’s pocket and putting it into theirs.  HISTORY  The #Senate has confirmed an historic 12 Circuit Court Judges this year. That's the most in a President’s 1st year in office since the creation of circuit courts in 1891.  BREAKING  the #Senate has confirmed the 12th @POTUS Circuit Court nominee this year.pic.twitter.com/UIEpdPvS8f When the #Senate confirms Mr. Ho, we'll be adding another fair & impartial judge to the federal bench. @POTUS has nominated individuals with strong fidelity to the law and the Constitution. Under Chairman @ChuckGrassley’s leadership, the @senjudiciary Committee has done outstanding work to move @POTUS’ judicial nominees to the #Senate floor. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Mr. Ho. Jim Ho, who will be the 12th @POTUS Circuit Court nominee considered by the #Senate in 2017, ‘has a fidelity to the rule of law that we should all want in a federal judge’  This morning in @thehill: #taxreform will boost technology, productivity, and pay. READ:  "We are very, very close to a historic legislative victory" on #TaxReform - @POTUS   The #Senate is ‘on the cusp of a historic moment’ with #TaxReform   Happy birthday and thank you for all of the volunteers who help keep our country safe. @kentuckyguard … .@SenateMajLdr → Responsible energy development in #ANWR will be included in the historic #TaxReform package:  Creates New Jobs Supports Energy Independence Promotes National Securitypic.twitter.com/oQ8aH88zyx Once the #Senate confirms Justice Willett this afternoon, we will advance the nomination of James Ho to be a judge on the Fifth Circuit Court. He will be @POTUS' 12th nomination confirmed to the Circuit Court. Not only will #TaxReform bring relief to middle class Americans, it will also repeal Obamacare’s individual mandate tax and provide for our nation’s #energy future by further developing Alaska’s oil and gas potential. The bottom line on #TaxReform: We want to take more money out of Washington’s pocket and put more money into the pockets of the middle class. I’m confident the conference committee will finalize a bill that does just that. TUNE IN: At 2 p.m. Chairman @RepKevinBrady and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch will kick off a conference committee hearing on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  pic.twitter.com/wJFH6MsvLc Passing pro-growth #TaxReform is the single most important action we can take right now to grow our #economy and help the middle class get ahead. @POTUS & this Republican-led Congress are working to deliver relief to the American people. … Later today, the #TaxReform conference committee will host an open meeting to discuss the House and #Senate versions of the bill. Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett will be the 11th @POTUS nominee to the circuit courts confirmed by the #Senate this year.  Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett is a man of “deep intellect and principle”  To those celebrating the festival of lights, #HappyHanukkahpic.twitter.com/SXKP9dn9TI After the #Senate confirms our 10th @POTUS nominee for the Circuit Courts, Steven Grasz, we will move to our 11th, Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett to serve on the 5th Circuit Court. Manufacturers are bullish on #TaxReform  .@POTUS just signed the National Defense Authorization Act, which will strengthen our military's readiness and give our troops a much-deserved pay raise. #FY18NDAApic.twitter.com/BrAwQp9k97 Today @POTUS signed #NDAA into law to give our servicemen and women the resources they need to keep our country safe. Big thanks to @SenJohnMcCain for his leadership in getting this bill done. Today, the #Senate will confirm Steven Grasz to be a judge on the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals, our 10th circuit court confirmation this year.   Steve Grasz, the 10th nominee to the circuit courts to be considered by the #Senate this year, is a man of ‘integrity, humility and decency.’    I would like to once again commend Chairman @ChuckGrassley for his leadership of the @senjudiciary Committee. His excellent work has allowed us to bring @POTUS' circuit court nominees to the #Senate floor. This week, the #Senate will consider 3 more of @POTUS' outstanding individuals nominated to serve on our nation’s federal circuit courts, in addition to the 9 we have already confirmed this year. As we continue to learn more details about the attempted #PortAuthority terror attack this morning, I would like to commend the law enforcement and intelligence community who quickly reacted to the attack. Steve Grasz, the 10th nominee to the circuit courts to be considered by the #Senate this year, is a man of ‘integrity, humility and decency.’   The #Senate just passed a 2-week funding bill that will maintain our military & provide states with the certainty to continue children’s health insurance program (CHIP) while a longer bipartisan agreement is finalized. .@ChuckGrassley op-ed via @qctimes: Farmers need tax reform … This afternoon I’ll meet with @POTUS & Congressional Leadership to continue working together in a serious, bipartisan way to address a number of priorities for our nation in the coming weeks. Thank you @SenatorStrange for your extraordinary commitment to the people of Alabama. #ICYMI - Yesterday, the #Senate voted to join the House to consider our #TaxReform bills in a conference committee. It’s another important step toward delivering much-needed relief to the men, women, and families we represent.  The #Senate will vote to confirm the nomination of Joseph Balash to serve as the Assistant Secretary of the @Interior for Land and Minerals Management. He’s shown his talent and passion for affordable sources of #energy and environmental protection. .@SenatorRounds "The #TaxReform bill…takes meaningful steps to reform our tax code in a manner that will allow businesses to flourish again & families to keep more of their hard-earned dollars"  On this date, 76 years ago, #Japan surprised the world with a sneak attack on #PearlHarbor. We remember the heroes of that day. #HonorThem #PearlHarbor76pic.twitter.com/V3UC7MXwRe A vote for this short-term CR will help maintain our military & continue the important work of federal agencies. And it will provide states with the certainty to continue to CHIP until a bipartisan reauthorization agreement is finalized. "This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity, and we should meet the challenge.” – @SenateMajLdr #TaxReform #TaxCutsandJobsActpic.twitter.com/f6hOzu0KjP The @washingtonpost fact checks another claim by Democrats on the GOP #TaxReform bill, and their findings shouldn't surprise you  pic.twitter.com/Qg0DFKuO4e #TaxReform seizes opportunity to spur economic growth, to help create #jobs right here at home, and to take more money out of Washington’s pocket and put more money into the pockets of hardworking American families.pic.twitter.com/t1pCBtpk2C With the cooperation of our Democrat colleagues, Congress will pass a short-term CR before the end of this week. Last night, our colleagues in the House voted to send #TaxReform legislation to a conference committee, adding progress in our years-long effort to deliver real relief to the American people. I look forward to the #Senate voting to join the conference this week. Tomorrow morning, I will be joining @hughhewitt at 8:05 Eastern / 7:05 Central to discuss the importance of #TaxReform. The #Senate has confirmed the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen to be the Secretary of @DHSgov. Our nation faces myriad threats, and I look forward to working with Ms. Nielsen to address each of them. OPINION - @SenateMajLdr: Tax reform, what's in it for you  The CR is a clean bill with no controversial policy-riders. It also includes a provision to assure states of the future of CHIP while a bipartisan reauthorization agreement is completed. By approving a short-term CR, we can continue the crucial functions of the federal government while we work with our colleagues in the House and @POTUS to finalize a long-term plan. #ICYMI  the #Senate passed a critical #TaxReform bill to jumpstart the American #economy by putting more money into the pockets of hardworking families & creating more #jobs.  The #Senate will take a serious step today to strengthen our nation’s security by confirming Kirstjen Nielsen to lead @DHSgov. With her understanding of the challenges facing our nation and her experience in prevention and preparedness, she will excel as the next Secretary. I would again like to thank the Chairman of @GOPSenFinance, @senorrinhatch, for his leadership through years of work, dozens of hearings, and a full markup of the #Senate #TaxReform bill.  