There have been a number of questions raised today regarding a protest in and directly outside of my Washington, D.C. office in opposition to Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Given the attention this has received, I believe it warrants a response.   pic.twitter.com/RN0bPMMqtC As I’ve stated over and over again, the federal government must do more in this critical area. Today we made important progress towards supporting those on the front lines and helping combat the scourge of drug abuse and addiction. Last year, more than 72,000 Americans, including a number of Alaskans, died from drug overdoses  -- the highest rate ever. Today, my colleagues and I in the Senate overwhelmingly passed milestone legislation to further combat the opioid crisis and help some of the most vulnerable in our communities. Allegations of sexual assault should be taken seriously. Professor Ford & Judge Kavanaugh deserve right to be heard on this matter. I commend Chairman Grassley on committing to as much & will be following closely as these claims are evaluated & reviewed.  The length and the renewal are unprecedented and are the result of the hard work from the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission. Alaskans were represented so aptly by North Slope Borough Mayor, Harry Brower, and AEWC Vice-chair, Crawford Patkotak, in Brazil. Congrats to all involved! BREAKING NEWS: The International Whaling Commission in Brazil voted to extend AK subsistence whaling quota for 7 yrs! A momentous day for North Slope & Bering Strait regions who will be able to continue their traditional cultural practice & provide food security for generations! We will never forget the nearly 3,000 Americans lives – mothers and fathers, sons and daughters – taken from us 17 years ago.pic.twitter.com/60epaVwVcu #ShanahTovah to Alaska’s Frozen Chosen celebrating Rosh Hashanah this week. Best wishes for a happy and peaceful new year!pic.twitter.com/88EHgZIroH Thank you @SenDanSullivan! Access to legal services is one of the most important ways for DV victims to get out of an abusive relationship. #BreesLaw … Pro-Bono Work to Empower and Represent (POWER) Act, bipartisan legislation I first authored 3 years ago & signed into law this week, takes important steps to help combat the horrific statistics of domestic abuse and sexual violence we see in this country.  ICYMI: Hey you #AlaskanoftheWeek fans. We thought we’d change things up & lighten your otherwise heavy day. Enjoy!     cc: @eschor @Mocat08 @nielslesniewski @Phil_Mattingly @seungminkim @frankthorp @GarrettHaake @AmeliaFrappolli @burgessev @KatherineBScott Kodiak recently welcomed first of its five new HC-130J Super Hercules -part of the #USCG asset recapitalization efforts.  As CG Subcmte Chairman, I’m working to ensure we have broadest possible SAR coverage, response capability, & maritime domain awareness throughout AK waters.pic.twitter.com/aR4h8pQTV5 I’m pleased to announce that the Senate recently passed the American Fisheries Advisory Committee Act, bipartisan bill to assist in the awarding of fisheries marketing, research and development grants known as the Saltonstall-Kennedy grants.  See more --  pic.twitter.com/RHTiJqmZsr To my friend John: Godspeed. Semper Fidelis. Fair winds and following seas. May you rest in peace. Today we lost a true American hero. @SenJohnMcCain's life embodied steadfast patriotism & sacrifice in the service of a cause greater than self. His courage & indomitable spirit inspired millions in America & across globe. Our prayers go out to his wife Cindy & the McCain family. Alaska @SenDanSullivan made a surprise appearance Thursday at the China tariff hearing and asked the Trump administration to "put American fishermen first." It's what people are talking about in seafood trade world today. My latest for @undercur here:  Last Friday's Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0: #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave was extremely engaging, with lots of input and suggestions from Alaskans that my office and our federal partners will be taking back to DC. See our brief recap, here:  One of the true honors of my life has been having @SenJohnMcCain as a friend & mentor. He’s a true American hero. His courage & indomitable spirit have inspired millions in America & across the globe. I humbly ask all Americans to pray for him & his loving family. Semper Fi John. And thats a wrap! Thank you to @uaanchorage, all our panelists, and importantly, the countless Alaskans who took their time to be part of the solution. One of the biggest lessons today is that we all need to work together. We can beat back this crime wave. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave .@Alaska_DHSS Dr. Butler at Wellness Summit 2.0: The secret sauce in this discussion: collaboration between govts & non govt entities. It’s our problem. As Americans we don’t shoot our wounded. We have to treat this as a disease. We have to heal the wounds & prevent the wounds. Glad to see so many at Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0: Confronting Alaska’s Crime Wave, hosted by @SenDanSullivan to help address the addiction epidemic & inform our communities on how to reduce the devastation of crime in Alaska.pic.twitter.com/apguyOIjbl SPEAKING NOW: Dr. Jay Butler – Alaska's Chief Medical Officer and Kara Nelson, both amazing public servants. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Watch our final panel discussion of the Wellness Summit 2.0 here:   #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Moving into the last panel. What we have heard here so far is that this a complex, difficult and frustrating problem. We’ve talked a lot about numbers, but every one of them is a story of a person and a family who have suffered. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Thanks to everyone that participated in our panel discussion on coordinated enforcement & cooperation among local, state & federal partners. We all have a role to play in combatting AK's crime wave. We must continue to work together to create a safe state where we can all thrive.pic.twitter.com/03idLkbgH2 I have worked with Victims of Justice very closely over the years. I’m glad to see that state and local officials -- including the @JuneauPD -- are working to give power to victims. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave “We’ve all seen the examples of people who have law enforcement contact, enter the criminal justice system and are back out on the street — there’s no behavior change. The after-law enforcement component is critical in that behavior change.” - Chief Doll #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Alaska Attorney General Jahna Lindemuth re crime: it’s an all hands approach. It’s not only a public safety issue but a public health issue. Crime is a complex problem and takes better coordination with law enforcement and the community. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Moving into our second panel featuring great state leaders discussing how we all are working together to combat crime. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Taking audience questions right now. To follow along live WATCH HERE:  … #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Great to have @lisamurkowski join our fireside chat at the Wellness Summit 2.0: Confronting Alaska's Crime Wave here at @uaanchorage!pic.twitter.com/YVf39IZZcU .@ONDCP Acting Director Carroll re: combatting opioid crisis: We all have a role to play. This is a local issue. If your house is on fire, you wouldn’t call DC. You want a local response. That’s what we’re trying to provide. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWavepic.twitter.com/DYzgwskwMC More from @ONDCP Acting Director Carroll: We need to work on stopping drugs coming into our country but also need to work on treatment and education and prevention. We need to reach the kids! #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave .@ONDCP Acting Director Jim Carroll up now. He has spent the last few days in Alaska meeting with local, state and tribal officials to help us combat drugs and crime. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave “Almost 20% of the population of the state of Alaska have prescriptions for painkillers or opioids.”  - David Rybicki, Deputy Assistant AG, organized crime & gang section  #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave .@ComdtUSCG Schultz reassured Alaskans of the commitment of the Coast Guard to fight drugs coming into the country. He said, "we have ownership and we have skin in the game and it’s time to double down and get after this scourge." #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave UP NEXT: @ComdtUSCG Schultz gives a keynote address on the critical role the U.S. Coast Guard plays as our nation’s first line of defense against drug smugglers seeking to bring illegal substances into the United States. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Responding to crime in Rural Alaska creates challenges and opportunities for innovation. AK Trooper Nasruk Ney is focused on building relationships throughout Rural Alaska. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave WATCH LIVE: ALASKA WELLNESS SUMMIT 2.0 #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave  pic.twitter.com/0Sry7AUTxX Tony Young – FBI, Vern Halter – Mayor, Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Kyle Hopkins – Special Projects Editor, Anchorage Daily News, Nasruk Nay – Alaska State Trooper, Alaska Department of Public Safety. WATCH HERE:   #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave WATCH LIVE: ALASKA WELLNESS SUMMIT 2.0 #ConfrontingAKCrimeWavepic.twitter.com/X0VE86hmGG FIRST PANELISTS: Walt Monegan – Commissioner, Alaska Department of Public Safety (moderator), Justin Doll – Chief, Anchorage Police Department, Dr. Brad Myrstol – Director and Associate Professor, UAA Justice Center #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave FIRST PANEL DISCUSSION HAPPENING NOW: Setting the Stage – Alaska’s Crime Wave. WATCH HERE:  … #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave 3) To get ideas from members of the community on how to fight crime. (4) Have federal officials hear about how, despite our challenges, there are amazing examples of people all across AK working in their communities to try to keep us all safe. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave So today we organized this summit with four goals in mind: (1)To bring federal, state and local officials together to coordinate efforts. (2) To paint a picture for the federal officials here about the unique challenges that we face here in Alaska in countering drug trafficking. The vast majority of this is fueled by the drug epidemic. But here is the good news. We are Alaskans. We are tough, we are resilient and we innovative. There is no doubt in my mind that we can conquer this. Its critical to remember that behind these statistics and numbers is a personal story of a fellow Alaskan and their family of heartbreak, tragedy, sorrow and anger. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave In the last 5 years the murder rate in Alaska is up 79%. Rape is up 16%. Assault is up 36%. Robbery is up 52%. Vehicle theft is up 150%. Burglary is up 42%. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Nearly every day I hear from Alaskans about cars stolen and houses broken into. Shootings on our streets. Just days ago the Alaska Dept. of Safety put out their annual crime report. The numbers are staggering. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Today we are focused not only on our addiction epidemic, but on drug trafficking and the associated crime wave that is victimizing so many Alaskans. We took the ideas from people in the audience and we put them to action. This summit, the Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0: Confronting Alaska’s Crime Wave, is a follow up to that. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave Many of you here attended that summit and are still contributing significantly to the ongoing discussion. In D.C., we also continue to be very focused on this issue, passing numerous bills that will bring more resources for treatment and mental health services. Federal officials from several different agencies attended to hear the many obstacles Alaskans face seeking recovery, as well as witness the indomitable spirit of Alaskans who have overcome those obstacles. The turnout surprised all of us. Countless Alaskans showed to listen, gain inspiration, learn and exchange ideas. 2 yrs ago, I had the honor of convening the Alaska Wellness Summit: Conquering the Opioid Crisis, an important gathering of federal, state & local community leaders dedicated to tackling the many challenges associated with the growing opioid epidemic. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave #ConfrontingAKCrimeWive  pic.twitter.com/HRNaP90NWF The Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0 - Confronting Alaska's Crime Wave has commenced. Tune in Live!  Looking forward to welcoming so many of you for AK Wellness Summit #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave -- important gathering focused on issues of crime impacting our state & communities. If you can't attend in person, tune in live at  … or on my FB or website.pic.twitter.com/bZS4d3Qcrn I look forward to Chief Doll's participation in our upcoming #WellnessSummit focused on confronting the crime wave that's victimizing so many Alaskans, & hearing from him and other prominent community leaders about how together we can overcome our public safety challenges.pic.twitter.com/rS8VmYugMD On Friday, I had the opportunity to meet with @APDInfo Chief Justin Doll to discuss many issues, including those related to crime, public safety and efforts being taken to keep Alaskans safe -- issues that get raised with me often when meeting with Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/tWXbXUuxMZ This week I had the opportunity to visit Sweet Caribou and Uncle Leroy's Coffee, two Anchorage small businesses putting out some excellent products and having a real impact on their community. I look forward to coming back for some more "Alaska-style" macarons & gourmet coffee.pic.twitter.com/z3BbSVg5uj During my travels, I always try to stop in and visit with some of Alaska's many small businesses to hear firsthand from them and see their remarkable entrepreneur spirit. For the first time ever, the NDAA includes an authorization of up to six heavy, polar-class icebreakers for the U.S. Coast Guard – something that is long overdue.  pic.twitter.com/RvJ5o06cS0 Glad to see of Carl Perkins CTE reauth signed into law -- so important for school districts & students across the country. It provides critical funding for innovative CTE programs, while giving states & school districts flexibility to educate next gen of high-skilled workers.pic.twitter.com/anNAzRZmYP Great to join @USChamber to discuss potential of Indo-Pacific region and opportunities for continued U.S. economic engagement with friends and allies. … Sen. Ted Stevens stands in a league of his own in terms of dedication and contribution to the state of Alaska. He would want us to enjoy the Greatland as much as he did. So get out and play Alaska! #TedStevensDaypic.twitter.com/TTSvzTnlQz As our intelligence agencies have informed us, Russia tried to interfere in our elections and the elections of our allies across the globe. We need to take measures to prevent this from happening again and to continue to hold Russia accountable. I disagree w/ President’s remarks following Helsinki Summit. Specifically, do I believe the professional and patriotic men and women of our intelligence community, including the Director of National Intelligence, or a mafia regime leader like Putin? It’s not even a close call. Today, after a very constructive meeting, I announced my intention to support Judge Brett Kavanaugh as the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. I believe he has the qualities Alaskans will value on the Supreme Court. See my full statement:  pic.twitter.com/wfm5rd4S3b Kikkan Randall has the admiration of a whole state behind her as she undertakes her battle against cancer. No doubt she’ll tackle this challenge with the same grace and internal fire that’s made her a champion for the ages. We’re all pulling for you @kikkanimal!pic.twitter.com/ZcwgkZE19w They know this, which is why for decades they have tried to split up our successful alliances. Don’t let them. Good Luck! .@realDonaldTrump -- Mr. President, as you head to Europe, remember that one of America’s most important and enduring strategic advantages is that we are an ally rich nation, and our adversaries (N. Korea, Iran, Russia) and potential adversaries (China) are ally poor. My statement on the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve as Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court:  pic.twitter.com/H1lOfk5UrG Hey @Newseum - thanks for the great exhibit & for featuring the powerful photo of Bob Thom, known in Alaska as 'Cajun Bob' one of the many heroes who live in my state. For all: Please visit the Newseum and check out the #MarinesandTet exhibit! … I would like to thank Justice Kennedy for his years of service to our nation and for his unwavering commitment to civility. I wish him and his family the very best in their future endeavors.   See my full statement here:  pic.twitter.com/xg1D2aBV26 Thank you to #SECDEF Jim Mattis for accepting my invitation to Alaska to see firsthand our numerous missions, assets and world class training areas.  Honored #SecDef Mattis accepted my invitation to visit AK to meet our remarkable men & women in uniform & see firsthand a number of our military assets & missions. Extremely valuable visit, one that allowed #SecDef to gain more robust understanding of AK geostrategic locationpic.twitter.com/oVfci4b5V6 Hats off the men and women of the USCGC Alex Haley, homeported in Kodiak, for their steadfast work to intercept and detain this vessel suspected of illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing activities.  Honored to host #SecDef Mattis in Interior Alaska to highlight a number of important missions and military assets, including air combat capabilities at Eielson AFB and America's missile defense at Ft. Greely … Yesterday, I traveled to AK w/ #SecDef Jim Mattis to begin a 2 day tour to show him firsthand how AK constitutes 3 pillars of military might: cornerstone of  missile defense, hub of air combat for Asia Pacific, vital  platform for expeditionary forces. Stayed tuned!pic.twitter.com/B1mjaXzTFu While @POTUS has now addressed family separation administratively, it’s important to recognize these types of ‘executive fixes’ to our immigration laws are often temporary & not sustainable. A bipartisan, enduring solution by Congress is needed. My stmnt    Senate-passed NDAA continues the process of rebuilding our military, in addition to recognizing that AK's military capabilities play an important role in our national defense as global threats increase.   pic.twitter.com/6XxV3RVBWB Senate-passed NDAA contains provision stating the removal of U.S. forces from the Korea Peninsula “is a non-negotiable item as it relates to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization” of North Korea. Glad to see @WSJopinion agreed  In addition to historic opening of ANWR, Tax Cut & Jobs Act is having a huge impact on the American economy, including job creation, economic growth, higher wages & reductions to utility rates -- something @JuneauEmpire   highlighted in this recent piece  .@WSJ Editorial Board piece -- "The Senate's Nuclear Insurance" in support of my missile defense provision within the FY19 NDAA, describes the important next steps we need to take to further strengthen our national security. Have a read --  Sending this rehabilitated eagle back into the wild! Great to be on the Kenai Peninsula this weekend.pic.twitter.com/aGO6KYEyaR Piece by ADN's @EricaMartinson on legislation I supported to protect states' rights to regulate marijuana. This a state-based solution to areas where state and federal marijuana laws are in conflict.  For decades Charles @krauthammer has brought intellectual & moral clarity to our most pressing issues. He is one of the most brilliant minds of our time & a truly decent man. He will leave an immense void, but his ideas will live on. We wish him & his family peace. Once again, we come to you directly from Washington, D.C. to discuss some of issues and happenings in Congress this week.  Integrated Missile Defense Act of 2018, included in the Senate Armed Services Committee-passed NDAA, furthers our nation’s efforts to dramatically bolster and advance our nation’s missile defense systems.  pic.twitter.com/N3PTelbaM2 Today we honor the thousands of brave troops who stormed the beaches of Normandy – Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno and Sword – to begin the liberation of Western Europe from the clutches of tyranny and to preserve freedom for generations to come. We are forever grateful!pic.twitter.com/9ISvHYcoAr Today’s vote in the Senate Indian Affairs Committee moves Tara Sweeney one step closer to becoming our next Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, an extremely important position not only for Alaska but the nation.  pic.twitter.com/tnCqeu2HbP Saddened to hear of the passing of legendary Yup’ik translator & storyteller John Active. For decades John delivered the news in Yup’ik to thousands of listeners across the Y-K Delta on public radio @KYUKNews. His work to preserve the Yup'ik language and culture will live on.pic.twitter.com/LoWzrZM6la Congrats to the @Capitals on last night’s big victory in the Stanley Cup Final and to Pheonix Copley of North Pole for achieving his dream of playing professional hockey in the NHL. Pheonix is currently the 3rd string goalie for the Caps. Thanks for the visit Pheonix and Jessica!pic.twitter.com/m1kb6tn4om I welcome today's decision to cancel the August state recess in order to continue work on a number of critical priorities, including the confirmation of executive branch officials and judges, and annual appropriations measures.  pic.twitter.com/a0b9q81NMw A big Army Hooah to a member of my staff for his recent commissioning as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. Chike joins a # of my staff & former staff who have served in the military, bringing with them skills & discipline that are great assets to my office. Congrats Chike!pic.twitter.com/HqWVWRy7u9 Welcome home to JBER's 4-25! The Spartan Brigade officially returned Wednesday night from their 9-month deployment in Afghanistan. We thank these brave men and women for their service and we thank their families for their enduring sacrifice as well.pic.twitter.com/PmKGsPzrtO Today's announcement -- new tariffs against key U.S. allies -- undermines the administration's own China strategy. Bad move. Our allies must play a critical role to combat China's unfair practices. See my full statement:   I believe the greatest tribute we can show our fallen is to honor their memory by not squandering their legacy. #SemperFi As we spend Memorial Day remembering the fallen, let’s also remember to pray for those young men and women from Alaska and across our great country who are in harm’s way fighting freedom's battle.pic.twitter.com/k8HuFjpq5Y And while there is never a perfect solution, this legislation is built around an overwhelming belief that our veterans should be receiving the best care available to them. As a nation, we owe our veterans and their families a great deal of gratitude and debt. This bill is a small step in the right direction to ensure our VA is responsive to their needs, accountable for their actions and prepared to fulfill this nation’s promises. While many of these solutions we done administratively, it was imperative to solidify them into law. This included efforts to pull scheduling back to Alaskans within the VA, allow for the continuation of very successful tribal sharing agreements; and ensuring community providers in Alaska are fairly compensated at rates reflecting the high cost of healthcare in our state. Throughout this process, I worked to ensure this bill properly recognizes that AK’s VA system has & continues to be unique. Building upon the lessons learned from the failed implementation of the VA Choice Act, we fought hard to protect the progress made in AK in recent years. Today I proudly voted for the VA MISSION Act, which modernizes the way the VA approaches healthcare. It’s built on the idea – one that we continue to champion in Alaska – that no matter where our veterans live they have the right to prompt, quality care close to home. Yesterday, I joined @theDaveStierenShow to offer a brief congressional update and discuss a variety of issues important to Alaskans.   pic.twitter.com/xs0rwLbTee Good news – the Right to Try Act, which passed the House yesterday, is headed to the President’s desk. This legislation gives patients with a terminal illness the right to pursue experimental drugs or equipment, even if the odds are long.  I join countless Alaskans in welcoming this announcement, which begins the necessary process of reversing an unlawful regulatory action by the National Park Service and restoring the unique management relationship between Alaska and the federal government  pic.twitter.com/dJhCQWxPWD Proud to join my colleagues on both sides to confirm the first woman to rise from within the ranks of the CIA to lead the agency. I’m confident Gina Haspel will lead CIA with the integrity & resolve that's necessary during this time of complex global threats  //bit.ly/2wQDFhVpic.twitter.com/6jn5KTbiQY #NationalPoliceWeek is a somber reminder of the courage and tireless devotion our law enforcement, AK Troopers, and first responders display each and every day. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice.  pic.twitter.com/0GKCUCkG8Q I commend the Trump Admin for implementing the bipartisan will of the Congress to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem — something that many other presidents committed to, but failed to follow through on. The future of U.S.-Israeli relationships is stronger and brighter than ever. Today’s ceremony on the 70th anniversary of the founding of Israel demonstrates the unshakable bond between the United States and Israel — not just the bond between our governments, but more importantly, our people. As to the White House official who offered such an insult, she should show some respect and apologize. Making light of this – especially in the senseless and classless manner that’s been described in the media – is simply sad and speaks more broadly to the low levels of civil discourse & respect that have infected our politics on both sides of the aisle. We all need to do better. .@SenJohnMcCain is a great American, a close friend & mentor of mine in the Senate. Like millions of Americans, my family & I continue to pray for this American hero as he bravely battles cancer, & is again showing the courage and fighting spirit for which he is widely regarded. As the week comes to a close, I wanted to share a brief recap on the many activities and developments in Washington, D.C.    I look forward to meeting with the residents of Naknek tomorrow for a community luncheon hosted by the Bristol Bay Borough. Please join me for a brief congressional update and the opportunity to share your comments, questions and concerns.pic.twitter.com/U8BXjZkG4d Congrats to 7th grader Jazzie Trotter, Alaska's @Google #doodle4google winner.  Vote for her "Alive in Alaska" Doodle here:  pic.twitter.com/76dA2ChAbG I am absolutely certain there is no one who will work harder for the rights, for the economic empowerment, and for the culture of America’s First Peoples than Tara Sweeney.pic.twitter.com/2tsCRapgtR Tara – the first Alaska Native to be nominated for this important position – has an incredible record of integrity, intelligence, grit, discipline, and absolute determination to work for her people, her state, and her country.pic.twitter.com/FmJFRGiZWJ Today I had the great honor of introducing Tara Sweeney, a good friend and talented Alaskan, at her Senate confirmation hearing to become the next U.S. Assistant Secretary of @Interior for Indian Affairs.pic.twitter.com/xFXeWubmGt I welcome anncmnt that AK will receive a critical HIDTA designation, which will help local, tribal, state & federal agencies combat the growing challenges associated with drug trafficking. Addressing this crisis will take all of us   pic.twitter.com/0Hg2141FGl Thank you to everyone in Bethel for coming out to the VFW to discuss a number of important issues & updates from DC. These gatherings are extremely insightful, particularly as we work on rural infrastructure, econ development, the shortcomings facing our vets & so much more.pic.twitter.com/HhcRg7o4FL This designation will make a huge difference as local, state & fed stakeholders work to counter-drug trafficking operations & combat the growing opioid/heroin epidemic sweeping our state. I look forward to highlighting #HIDTA and work of @ONDCP @ my upcoming Summit on crime. … I'm pleased to announce an upcoming community meet and greet in Bethel, AK next Monday, April 30th from 7 to 8:30 pm at the VFW Post 10041. I look forward to hearing directly from the greater Bethel community as well as our many current and former servicemen and women.pic.twitter.com/kAd7dC6MC6 pic.twitter.com/u73YLR5Sga I was honored to meet a remarkable group of Alaska World War II, Korean and Vietnam veterans visiting Washington, D.C. as part of the Last Frontier #HonorFlight. On behalf of a grateful state and nation, we say thank you.pic.twitter.com/zL7Hw0onbZ Today, I questioned the Secretary of the Navy and U.S. Marine Corps Commandant on the Navy and Marines capacity, capability and strategy to operate in the Arctic region.   pic.twitter.com/uWkdJ2ngk6 Thank you to everyone who attended AFN's "Alaska Day" events in Washington, DC. This well-organized and widely attended event allowed so many to gain important perspective to what we face in Alaska and our resilience to overcome our many obstacles.pic.twitter.com/yZBhK6qxbZ Great seeing Alaskan and fellow Marine Catkin Kilcher -- visiting with the Military Officers Association of America -- at today's Constituent Coffee. … Julie and I share our condolences with the entire Bush Family. Barbara was truly a great American and dedicated champion for so many causes. As the wife and mother of presidents, she was the role model for millions, epitomizing grace, dignity and spirit. #BarbaraBush Today, I addressed the North America’s Building Trade Unions 2018 Legislative Conference where I outlined a number of bipartisan priorities in Congress to streamline permitting and put American men and women back to work building projects and infrastructure across the country.pic.twitter.com/YajkGeCmIe Today – Tax Day – marks the last time Americans will file their taxes under the old, outdated & often burdensome system. Today, I outlined some of the many important provisions in the new, simpler tax law signed in December   pic.twitter.com/e2ROUfSPsk Moving forward, we must not only work with our NATO partners, but also our Arab and Israeli allies to develop a comprehensive and sustained strategy for advancing our immediate and long-term national security interests in Syria and the broader Middle East. I commend these decisive actions and offer my prayers to the brave men and women conducting these operations this evening. This response against Syria’s chemical weapons infrastructure was both measured and warranted, and a necessary step to deter future chemical weapons attacks, whether against innocent men, women and children or our troops deployed in the Middle East. The precision military strikes launched this evening, in partnership with our British and French allies, send a clear and concise message to the Assad regime: the use of chemical weapons will not be tolerated. This week we honor Bethel resident John Active, legendary Yup’ik storyteller and decades long voice of KYUK public media, as part of my “Alaskan of the Week” series.   pic.twitter.com/DWzZ3w3JzO #neverforget victims, survivors & countless millions systematically targeted by the Nazis. These atrocities – murder of 6 million Jews & millions others – are a somber reminder of our moral obligation to stand up to hatred, racism, bigotry & injustice. #HolocaustRemembranceDaypic.twitter.com/wZIpZt71Zl 5) So which are you, are you a tech company or are you the world’s largest publisher? Because I think that goes to a really important question on what form of regulation or government action, if any, we would take. 4) Do you think there's a risk given your influence that if we regulate we’re actually going to regulate you into a position of cemented authority? 3) When companies become big and powerful, and accumulate a lot of wealth and power, what typically happens from this body is there’s an instinct to either regulate or break up, right?…Do you have any thoughts on those two policy approaches? 2) Facebook – 2 billion users, over 200 million Americans, $40 billion in revenue. I believe you and Google have almost 75% of the digital advertising in the U.S. One of the key issues here, is Facebook too powerful? 1) Quite a story right – dorm room to the global behemoth that you guys are. Only in America, would you agree with that? Today, I asked CEO Mark Zuckerberg five questions surrounding the growth and market dominance of Facebook  pic.twitter.com/Y4G8SBceay I congratulate Jon Katchen on being nominated to serve on the federal bench for the District of Alaska. He will make an exceptional jurist who will faithfully apply the law and uphold the Constitution.  pic.twitter.com/LPqiw6MvUL WATCH LIVE: Today, I’m joining my colleagues on the @SenateCommerce and @SenateJudiciary Committees for a hearing with @Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg titled: “Facebook, Social Media Privacy, and the Use and Abuse of Data”  pic.twitter.com/4jPiXmpQDn Later today I'm hosting a Town Hall meeting at the KGB Assembly Chambers. Hope to see you there!pic.twitter.com/98jo4YdIZk Today—and every day—I hope that we can join hands, as one nation, as one people, and work toward Dr. King’s vision of the promise land.pic.twitter.com/lIOzEmlsrc Like we’ve done in communities across AK, this is an opportunity to share your comments, questions and concerns, and to receive a legislative update. Looking forward to seeing the residents of Ketchikan!pic.twitter.com/cjrttvzWzS "President Trump has made permitting reform a major principle in his infrastructure package. A bill I introduced, the Rebuild America Now Act, provides a detailed and sound blueprint for fixing the problem." @SenDanSullivan #Infrastructure2018  Because every day we spend fighting the overwhelming govt bureaucracy needed to move forward on commonsense projects to fix our roads, bridges & water systems is another day in which opportunities for economic growth are missed & our nation’s crumbling infrastructure gets worse. I look forward to continuing to work with @WhiteHouse & Senate colleagues on advancing an #Infrastructure plan this year. I applaud @POTUS and his administration's continued focus and commitment on #Infrastructure  – which I believe presents our nation with significant bipartisan opportunities – especially as it relates to permitting reform and growing our economy. Congratulations to Eagle River High School teacher Valerie Baalerud on being named a 2017 Milken Educator Award winner! Valerie’s passion for both teaching and inspiring Eagle River’s students truly represents the best of Alaska.pic.twitter.com/1DQ5WG0574 Once again, I encourage my colleagues in the House to move swiftly to take up and pass SOS, so that we can reauthorize @NOAA's vital Marine Debris  Program and enact other measures to clean up Alaska’s waters and protect our marine environment for generations to come. #SOSAct That is why I introduced bipartisan legislation -- the Save Our Seas Act with @SenWhitehouse to address this global marine debris issue. The SOS Act passed unanimously in the Senate last year. The #GreatGarbagePatch in the Pacific Ocean continues to increase dramatically. Alaska feels the brunt of this marine debris crisis with its extensive coastline.  Late tonight/ early this morning I voted against a bill to fund the gov't through Sept. Over 2,200 pages of bill text, hundreds if not thousands of pages of accompanying documents, all deserve far more than 28 hours to read and review. See my full stmnt:   I’ve had the honor of knowing Lt. Gen. McMaster for many years, having served under him as a Marine Corps Major in 2009. I thank him, his wife Kathleen, and their three daughters for their outstanding service to our nation. Lt. General H.R. McMaster has served his country for over 34 years with integrity, courage and with an exceptional warrior spirit. He exemplifies the best of what a military officer stands for. The fact that human sex trafficking is problem in America, shocks most people. The fact that it’s a growing issue – by over 800% – is unbelievable. I’m proud to support bipartisan legislation to reduce this horrible scourge and hold bad actors accountable.  pic.twitter.com/peDio0twp3 I'm always excited to meet with Alaskan students during their visit to Washington, D.C. Here's to my first big group of the year taking part in the Close Up program.pic.twitter.com/RFiAyPkcGB Yesterday, alongside @lisamurkowski and @repdonyoung, I spoke to PNWR Arctic Roundtable, where I focused on Congress' efforts to increase US Arctic infrastructure, particularly in my capacity as a member of the Armed Services Committee and Chair of the Coast Guard Subcommittee.pic.twitter.com/AAJh4hmcip I recently wrote Governor Walker to highlight a provision in the tax bill  known as the Investing in Opportunity Act, which encourages economic investments in distressed or under-served communities across the country, including AK.   pic.twitter.com/yKIzwPzUvY I recently had the opportunity to question five Cabinet Secretaries on issues relating to infrastructure, including a longstanding effort to reform our broken permitting process.  pic.twitter.com/BubOOVSu4Z Yesterday we passed legislation to protect consumers from the threat of predatory financial institutions while also right-sizing regulations for small banks and credit unions, which serve critical roles in creating a strong and robust economy.pic.twitter.com/7DxPNwATkJ Alaskans thank you for your years of service and continued commitment to Alaska! #DeanoftheHouse … Congratulations to Norwegian musher Joar Leifseth Ulsom and his team of four-legged athletes on their well-deserved 2018 Iditarod victory!pic.twitter.com/2wORPrVnbr Congrats to Andrew Kurka of Palmer on his gold and silver medal performances at the Winter Paralympic Games.   pic.twitter.com/ckxaozrunG My statement on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson   pic.twitter.com/iOnT1EMKnY Today, along w/ a bipartisan group of my colleagues & Parkland, FL families, I shared my support for the STOP School Violence Act, a bill to fund school security and prevention programs to stop school violence before it occurs.  pic.twitter.com/D7fWWpqBQW As part of my “Alaskan of the Week” series, this week we recognize Carol Seppilu of Nome, who, as a result of a suicide attempt when she was 16-years-old is an advocate for suicide prevention and awareness. … The Arctic is a rapidly growing area of strategic importance, yet we as an Arctic nation continue to fall behind -- particularly when it comes to Russia. I’m pleased to see the Commander of U.S. European Command recognize this as a critical issue.  pic.twitter.com/fw0HWNJZSY President Reagan coined the term "trust, but verify." With North Korea, a regime that has a history of consistently cheating on and backing away from every deal they have ever agreed to over the last three decades, U.S. policy must now be "never trust and meticulously verify." It was a privilege to present the 2018 Senator Ted Stevens Leadership Award to Ashlyn McCaine (North Pole) at the 10th annual #TAPSGala. This outstanding organization and its mission continues to have a powerful impact for our military families and our fallen service members.pic.twitter.com/Ak8T6Uyg8F #TBT to the start of the 2010 Last Great Race with my wife and daughters #Iditarodpic.twitter.com/yhuX37haf8 Thanks again to the remarkable women of Haven House in Juneau for inviting me to see firsthand the great work your're doing in your community. Your advocacy and dedication is truly inspirational.pic.twitter.com/Pql9ZmbTa2 One of my messages @ #CERAWeek2018: There's lots of excitement & optimism on what’s going on in Alaska, new opportunities for oil & gas development in the NPR-A, the historic opening of ANWR's 1002, and an admin that's willing to work with AKns. Read more - pic.twitter.com/hedzMX28h8 With the 46th running of the #Iditarod officially underway, I wanted to wish all our mushers and four-legged competitors safe and happy trails to Nome.  Sorry I couldn’t be there for the start, but good luck and great racing!pic.twitter.com/DWmpDy4F0E .@SenDanSullivan is right, opening up #ANWR is another major victory for the American people:  increases revenue creates good-paying jobs promotes national security  …pic.twitter.com/2BKD7ju7jf 2017 was a big year for policies that support investment and development in American energy resources and infrastructure. Today, I outlined some of these successes and my outlook for 2018 at #CERAWeek18pic.twitter.com/P4BvucYigM Alaska's @SenDanSullivan says first #ANWR lease sale could happen next year, calls it "one of the most important lease sales in a long time" #OOTT #CERAWeek18 Now at #CERAWeek, @SenDanSullivan discusses his “Rebuild America Now Act” to streamline permitting process for #infrastructure. Key goals: shorten permit times (now takes 8yrs to build #pipeline), streamline #NEPA #environmental process (thousands of pages no one reads). #OOTTpic.twitter.com/upHuHt3KGo I recently returned from Asia-Pacific w/ fellow Armed Services members where we met senior military officials & government leaders to discuss a wide-array of issues, including missile defense and increased threats by North Korea. Read more here  pic.twitter.com/dA6Mk3XdJp If you weren’t able to see #AmericanCreedPBS, I encourage you to take a look at this film project by a great friend and incredible leader @CondoleezzaRice that explores the many ideals that bring us together as Americans. … Watch my full address to the Alaska Legislature here:   #akleg And sixth, we want to be a land of the future—where opportunities are unleashed for our families and our children that we can’t begin to fathom today.  #akleg Fifth, we want to be the front-line of freedom and defense for America. Given our strategic location, and our large veteran population, in many ways, Alaska seems destined to play this critical role. #akleg Fourth, we want to be safe in our homes, villages, neighborhoods, and schools. #akleg Third, we want to live in healthy communities, with clean air and clean water and a pristine environment that supports thriving populations of fish and game. #akleg Second, we want a vibrant economy that brings widespread prosperity to all Alaskans. #akleg First, we need a federal government that is a partner in opportunity, not an obstacle. #akleg During my 4th annual address to the Alaska Legislature, I outlined six key pillars of optimism for Alaska and the progress we’re making to secure our future. #akleg Speaking now to the Alaska State Legislature, where I will highlight six key pillars of optimism for Alaska and the progress we’re making to secure our future. WATCH live here:   #AKLeg Congrats to @kikkanimal & Jesse Diggins on the historic victory — marking Team USA’s first ever gold medal in cross-country skiing. That finish — that give it everything you have drive & determination — was truly an incredible moment, one for the Olympic history books!pic.twitter.com/DtoBspl2S2 Addressing the serious challenges in our immigration system – including a resolution for the beneficiaries of the DACA program – requires compassion, securing our border, and respect for the rule of law. See my statement on Senate immigration proposals:   While debate continues on merits of various infrastructure proposals, we must make sure we address our broken permitting system that has resulted in years-long delays, exorbitant costs & the loss of private investment.    See my joint Op-Ed --- pic.twitter.com/PA3Lvs5VWr Once again, hats off to Kirk Alkire and all those that supported this effort to honor our #GoldStarFamilies #GoldStarPeak  …pic.twitter.com/wwRj5mX15G Earlier today, I joined CNBC’s “Squawk Box” to discuss what I hope to see in a package to address our nation’s inadequate and deteriorating infrastructure. One critical element -- the need to fix our broken permitting system that inhibits investment.  I recently met with #SecDef James Mattis on a number of national security priorities for AK and the nation. As a fellow Marine and the presiding officer during his Senate confirmation vote, I was proud to present him with his 98-1 vote tally card at the conclusion of our meeting.pic.twitter.com/wA1j7zdcRp I recently wrote to CEO of @Etsy to ask that the company reconsider its policies that negatively impact Alaska Native artists.  pic.twitter.com/9ZKcASNRMq I'm honored to nominate 33 outstanding young Alaskans to four of our country’s U.S. Military Service Academies.    Yesterday, I met with @VP Mike Pence to brief him on AK's strategic military importance to the nation ahead of his scheduled visit later this month. We focused on what I call "AK's 3 Pillars of Military Might," &how proud we are of our AK-based military & the missions they serve.pic.twitter.com/XUzPf6ry0W Wholeheartedly agree with @SenDanSullivan who says Tom Shannon epitomizes the professional staff of the @StateDept. Thank you, Senator, for recognizing this true public servant and his distinguished career. UnderSecretary Tom Shannon’s leadership over past 35 yrs has been invaluable to the greater foreign policy discussion in the Senate and across the globe. He epitomizes the professional staff of the @StateDept and is a true public servant. I wish him well in his retirement. Thank you to all those who have reached out following today's tragic train collision outside Charlottesville, VA I was on board, but was not injured. My thoughts & prayers are with the victims and their families.. My sincere appreciation also goes out to our first responders. #SOTUpic.twitter.com/rpetIe81rw Ahead of President Trump’s first State of the Union address, today I joined @SquawkCNBC to discuss what I hope to hear.  This week we recognize the Alaska Pacific University Nordic Ski Team as our Alaskans of the Week   pic.twitter.com/ErsfAHF6rs Alaska delegation letter to @SecretaryZinke on OCS leasing.    Congratulations to Joe Balash – a great Alaskan and a great friend – who on Monday was sworn in to serve as the Department of @Interior's Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management.  I can think of no better person for the job; great addition to @SecretaryZinke 's team.pic.twitter.com/dcCcI33vHe I applaud the Trump administration for extending the opioid public health emergency declaration, which provides our federal agencies the flexibility to address this devastating epidemic    Thanks @SenWhitehouse, heartened to see our colleagues from coastal and landlocked states alike – from both parties – coming together to support the Save Our Seas Act … I applaud @DeptofDefense and #SecDef Mattis on their 2018 National Defense Strategy, which  will help refocus our military on warfighting, the process of rebuilding the force, deepening and expanding alliances, and modernizing our missile defense.    Last week, we honored George Brown as part of my “Alaskan of the Week” series. George, who recently passed away, built one of Anchorage’s most special and iconic places – the Lucky Wishbone – with his late wife Peggy.    pic.twitter.com/QvioBYVvlI Relieved to know Alaskans are safe and our emergency management systems worked following this morning’s 7.9 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Alaska. Thanks to UAF’s @AKearthquake, @NWS_NTWC & local media for keeping AK informed. For years, the people of King Cove have fought for safe and reliable medical emergency access. Today, that becomes a reality! #StandWithKingCove @SecretaryZinke @realDonaldTrumppic.twitter.com/bYBwV3RMZE This shutdown was entirely avoidable – something made clearer by the fact that what we passed today, and sent to the President, was basically the same agreement that had been proposed since Friday. See my statement:    For years, the federal government has been telling the people of King Cove that protecting birds was more important than their health & safety. That all ends today with the approval of a small land transfer between DOI and King Cove. This is truly a good for Alaska & the nation.pic.twitter.com/2gdOdGarVd Today marks the second day of the government shutdown – something that was entirely avoidable. Importantly, I want to share directly with you a few updates from Washington, D.C. – specifically how we got to this point and a possible path forward.  Yesterday, the Minority Leader had a choice. Sadly, he decided to turn a manufactured crisis into a government shutdown.pic.twitter.com/2BDeNxYmwm As work continues, I am hopeful that we can find a solution to reopen the government.  The American people, particularly our veterans & troops, deserve better. My office stands ready to assist Alaskans, including those negatively impacted by this unnecessary government shutdown. I simply fail to understand the logic behind the Minority Leader’s decision to shut down the govt. Passage of the CR tonight would have continued the essential functions of govt, provided funding for CHIP & given Congress an opportunity to address a long term spending measure. The bipartisan bill we considered tonight, which funded the government until February 16th, was voted down not for the items it contained, but for what was not included – a long term agreement on immigration for which we still have weeks to resolve. Tonight, we saw a manufactured crisis officially turn into a government shutdown – something that was absolutely preventable. The bill before us prevents a government shutdown, funds CHIP for six years and delays a number of harmful Obamacare taxes. While a resolution on immigration reform is important, funding the government must take priority. While I believe a resolution on immigration reform – one that includes an increase in border security – should occur, keeping the government open and operational must take priority. The short-term funding measure currently before us, which I support, contains numerous provisions that enjoy nearly universal backing in Alaska and Congress – including a six year extension of CHIP and delays to Obamacare’s Cadillac and Medical Device taxes. Yet tonight, in the face of a government shutdown, the Senate Minority Leader is now emphasizing an issue he has rarely focused on – rebuilding our military – while failing to mention his primary reason for shutting down the govt – a lack of an agreement on immigration reform. For months, Congress has worked to debate and negotiate a long term spending measure – one that appropriately supports our men and women in uniform, establishes policies that grow our economy, and tackles a series of leading national priorities. The only thing worse than another Continuing Resolution – particularly for our military and veterans – is a government shutdown. pic.twitter.com/AXi52iplfl Given the critical importance of this issue, today I asked the Secretary of Veteran Affairs to speak directly efforts being made to stem the tide of veterans suicide and better prevent and treat mental illness.pic.twitter.com/1QKs4YJYt2 Former Senator Bob Dole has dedicated his life to service, country and advocating on behalf of others. Today, we honor him with the highest civilian honor – the Congressional Gold Medal – as a “soldier, legislator and statesman."pic.twitter.com/AnZdWhdJRd pic.twitter.com/i1ptEduRhl Congrats again to my friend and colleagues @RepDonYoung for becoming Dean of the House. … Young: "I will sometimes get out of line. But in doing so, remember it comes from my heart. And my heart is in this House." I applaud @POTUS EO to expand mental health benefits & care for our veterans.It’s our obligation to pursue all of the causes and all of the factors that contribute to the scourge of veteran suicide, and bring it to an end.pic.twitter.com/aXaHcLgUao When I look out at 2018, I am struck by one overriding feeling for our state: optimism. There are numerous reasons for this. Read my op-ed on the many positive things happening for Alaska and the nation -- pic.twitter.com/ldqClmtzqA Historic tax bill is all about jobs, growing the economy & allowing middle class families to keep more of their hard earned dollars. It's already having a real impact, w/ businesses across the country reinvesting in their employees & in their communities.  Earlier today, I spoke with @DanaPerino on a number of issues, including North Korea, military readiness, and the recent change to federal marijuana enforcement policy.   pic.twitter.com/zHEVUF7lEZ pic.twitter.com/uqnKdvZxxL Happy Birthday Alaska! Fifty nine years ago — as a result of tremendous work by Alaskans and allies across the country — Alaska became the 49th state to join the Union.pic.twitter.com/EjHbfrfwPO As protests in Iran continue, I share my support for the brave men and women who are speaking out against a corrupt regime and the leaders of the world's largest sponsor of state terrorism. Earlier today, @POTUS signed H.R. 1 into law -- opening ANWR's 1002 to responsible resource development and exploration.pic.twitter.com/3vQ7yp5STk This historic moment, opening ANWR to responsible resource development, is good for Alaska and good for the nation. Today, I told Fox News' @TeamCavuto exactly why Alaskans are so proud of this major achievement.   pic.twitter.com/jR7KvUPd2r Highest environmental standards in the world! Energy dominance! @SenDanSullivan great to see Alaska Resources highlighted on a national level! #ANWR #1002 2000 acres for development!pic.twitter.com/7Gv75gUlh8 BIG NEWS: Congress just sent @realDonaldTrump legislation to unlock ANWR's 10-02 area for responsible energy development and exploration. Historic moment for Alaska and the nation!pic.twitter.com/j50rcJsxS0 Live on @radiostieren to discuss historic passing of legislation to open ANWR's 10-02 area to resource development. For decades, AKns have fought for the right & opportunity to allow for responsible resource development in ANWR's 10-02 area. But for decades, we’ve been denied that right. Today that changes!pic.twitter.com/4jWDnz4Fzj Just voted to cut taxes for middle class Alaskans and at long last, open the 1002 area of #ANWR for responsible resource development -- a decade's-long effort! I'll be speaking on the Senate floor in support of the H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act, legislation that updates our nation's outdated tax code and unlocks ANWR's rich energy resources in the 1002.  Tune in! This is an important moment for AK & the nation  pic.twitter.com/CYK6EI7kLb I commend all those involved in working to get the FY18 NDAA signed into law. Important to ensuring our fighting men & women have what they need to protect our nation & to AK-based missions, including boosts to missile defense and readiness.pic.twitter.com/E81ganuzTN The history of #ANWR courtesy of Dean of the House @RepDonYoung ↓ … We need the “opportunity to advance [our economy] so we can have the real jobs, not the government jobs….This bill does that." -@RepDonYoungpic.twitter.com/m7jW0oZWsx On Dec. 11th, Alaska lost a son, respected noncommissioned officer and revered team leader, Staff Sgt. David T. Brabander to a vehicle accident in Afghanistan. We will keep his family and loved ones in our thoughts and prayers during this difficult time.  Tonight, the first candle on the on the menorah will be lit, reminding all of us how the Jewish community has spread their light around the world and to us here in Alaska. Happy Hanukkah to all!pic.twitter.com/tPLOv4FdVw Great story about the historic Great Alaska Shootout and my Alaskans of the Week, the UAA’s women’s basketball team—a Division II powerhouse. As my UAA grad staffers say, “It’s a great day to be a Seawolf!” #SeawolfNation  77 years ago, America experienced “a date which will live in infamy,” with the devastating attack on Pearl Harbor. We honor the 2,403 Americans we lost that day and we thank the brave men and women who answered our nation’s call, ensuring that freedom would endure for all of us.pic.twitter.com/xWhUCiKJ3h @KSRM recently featured a story on a hearing I held on the nominee to become the next NOAA administrator.  Of the many issues raised-- the misguided practice of locating Alaska-based NOAA personnel, infrastructure and missions outside our state.  pic.twitter.com/HQfXUuzvXl I applaud the International Olympic Committee for taking this decisive action against Russia and their state-sponsored doping program. See my full statement   Big day for @repdonyoung. Not only was he named to the Conference Committee tasked with negotiating the final terms of the tax and ANWR bill, but he also became the Dean of the House. Congrats & here’s to many more yrs of success for AK & the nation!pic.twitter.com/T7nUHdtvNc Tonight, the Senate passed legislation to open the 1002 area of ANWR to exploration and development. It’s an important milestone, one that brings us one step closer to truly unlocking Alaska’s energy potential and achieving historic tax reform for American families.pic.twitter.com/ymbQPVgBn0 I spoke w/@RebeccaPalsha @ch2ktuu on a number of important issues currently before Congress & the nation, including efforts to hold North Korea accountable, the passage of the NDAA & tax reform.  I was honored to attend the @SpecialOlymAK Bowling Tournament this weekend w/ my wife Julie & our daughters. It's always amazing to spend time w/ our friends at @SpecialOlymAK There is no better example of pure heart, enjoyment of sport & comradery. Thanks 4 having us & congrats!pic.twitter.com/DRbpOJyisG Huge congrats to my former D.C. Intern, Samantha Mack for being named a 2018 Rhodes Scholar. Originally from King Cove, Samantha has not only excelled in her academic career at UAA, but she is now their 1st student to receive this prestigious scholarship. Best of luck at Oxford! … Not only did I turn another year older this month, so did the United States Marine Corps, celebrating its 242nd birthday. The famous USMC Mascot, Corporal Chesty XVI stopped by the Senate yesterday to celebrate! Semper Fi!pic.twitter.com/fxIcwmrtpX Congratulations! Sawyer Marie is lucky to have such great grandparents. … Great news for AK and the country & thanks @lisamurkowski for your leadership. … Matthew Rexford from Kaktovik only village in ANWR says 2 continue 2 lock up resources in area is like saying “it’s okay for everyone else in this country to have a THRIVING economy, but you can’t have one at all.” I agree w/@lisamurkowski. His voice needs to be heard #1002 #ANWR Watch Live: Business meeting to consider reconciliation language  … Thanks for stopping by @SteveDaines! … #SemperFi do or die!    I love Marines & am proud to have one as my Chief of Staff. Happy birthday @USMC @SenDanSullivan @SenToddYoung I was honored to meet w/ fellow Marine & former Sec of State James Baker to discuss major foreign policy challenges facing the world todaypic.twitter.com/1FggSJM5XH Had your morning cup of kuukpiaq to go w/ tasty muqpaurat? Kudos to ACC in AK for preserving indigenous languages!  “For those of us who call Alaska home, to suggest that we would despoil our environment for short term gain, I think is offensive.” … Powerful testimony from Matthew Rexford of Kaktovik, only village in #ANWR re opening #1002 4 jobs & hope 4 Kaktovik  … Great point by @Sen_JoeManchin: Point Thomson, 2 miles from #1002Area is in same ecosystem & is being developed responsibly. #ANWR Opening #1002Area of #ANWR with most stringent enviro standards & most advanced technology in the world will produce more American energy! @SenJohnMccain & I met w/senior Russian dissident & asked: How can we counter Putin? Answer: Produce more American energy! #ANWR Energy is used as a tool for good, productive diplomacy & for troublesome power-grabs by our nation’s foes like Russia. #1002area #ANWR Producing more energy in US will dramatically increase our country’s national security. #1002area #ANWR When development in AK is killed capital goes to Nigeria, Venezuela, Iran & Russia—places with very few enviro standards #1002Area #ANWR In AK we have the highest environmental standards and most advanced technology. #1002Area #ANWR Going on Rick Rydell now to talk about the #ANWR hearing. Tune in here: … Per @AkGovBillWalker: As other states develop resources ON the ground, AK must be allowed to develop our resources IN the ground. #1002Area Nobody in Congress cares more about Alaska environment than @repdonyoung, @lisamurkowski and me. #1002Area #ANWR If you're having problems following the link for #ANWR hearing, click here:  … Opening up #1002Area of #ANWR hearing in @EnergyGOP starting at 9:30 ET. Many great Alaskans testifying. Tune in!  … Tomorrow, 9:30 am: Hearing to receive testimony on the potential for oil & gas exploration in the #1002Area.   … pic.twitter.com/282x0SVXyk Watch great Alaskans testify re: AKs whaling culture & necessity to keep tradition alive 4 culture & food 4 families   AK lost a brave warrior on 10/27. Our hearts go out to the loved ones of Chief Warrant Officer Jacob M. Sims, who was killed in Afghanistan. #DEATakeBack collection sites are open now! Find a collection site near you:   …pic.twitter.com/usO9AXzeNE Next month former Fairbanks Goldpanner pitcher & current #WorldSeries2017 coach, Bret Strom will be coaching in AK!  Anchorage Named Hardest Working City In America  10/25/17 Part of Alaska's pioneering heritage is to ... -  …pic.twitter.com/AlViPa35mZ S/O to Alaskan @JamesGilchrest1 for his service and support for veterans and military families through his @NewmansOwnFdn fellowship.  … Did you know? The #1002Area is not designated as wilderness; it is designated for oil & gas exploration #ProtectTheArctic #RetweetTheFacts Thank you @POTUS for declaring the opioid crisis a public health disaster & @AkGovBillWalker for joining me in DC for this significant eventpic.twitter.com/oKbrvLGhyV Voice of the Arctic Iñupiat: Our People. Our Region. Our Decision. “We need jobs.”  … This is an #Alaskaproblem if I've ever seen one. You'll be glad to know the 450 lbs seal was successfully returned to safety. … .@SenDanSullivan: Snap-back sanctions must be imposed if Iran doesn't comply   #TheLead My statement on @POTUS decision to not certify the #IranDealpic.twitter.com/3zcvuak1xE It's a beautiful tradition to witness, and there is no healthier or better tasting food in the world! One woman who knows salmon is my wife, Julie. For generations, her family has fished the Yukon & passed down knowledge of preparing salmon.pic.twitter.com/HfbF2W3MdL Senator @lisamurkowski & I passed a Senate resolution recognizing September as "#Alaska Wild Salmon Month." I had the honor of recognizing an extraordinary woman, Rozann Kimpton of Wasilla, as our Alaskan of the Week.pic.twitter.com/azzWN0Vzfq This was a big week for the @USMC. #Marinespic.twitter.com/sKiL9uXjcE I've joined bipartisan effort to simplify the National Suicide Prevention Hotline, vital resource for those in need. #SuicidePreventionMonthpic.twitter.com/0cCJDbu4jO Weigh in on your favorite pics of the Great One and Alaska’s world-renowned Denali Park! … Glad to have Rep @SteveScalise, a patriot and strong public servant, back in Congress. … Glad to see @uafairbanks, @SitkaTribe & @sardfa among recipients of $742,941 @NOAA award to preserve Southeast #Alaska geoduck clam fishery. HABs, produced when certain colonies of algae grow out of control, pose real threat to marine life, including shellfish & marine mammals. Senate passed legislation I've worked on w/ @SenBillNelson to reauthorize Harmful Algal Bloom & Hypoxia Research and Control Act thru 2022. … My statement on the Graham-Cassidy Senate healthcare reform proposal.pic.twitter.com/g1skp0MlG0 Congrats to the 1st female Marine to graduate from Infantry Officer Course, an outstanding accomplishment that will inspire women worldwide! … Flashback to some great fishing on the Yukon over Labor Day weekend. #flashbackfridaypic.twitter.com/WEJv8WbTdS #ShanahTovah to Alaska’s Frozen Chosen celebrating #RoshHashanah this week!pic.twitter.com/70wLsBzFbR Kudos to @USArmy #Alaska 1LT Charles Bierwirth who snapped stellar shot of Strykers training under Northern Lights near Ft. Greely.pic.twitter.com/ypRMWrkCzi I spoke with @TeamCavuto about the #GrahamCassidy proposal to send federal healthcare dollars back to the states.pic.twitter.com/JORdvFKbRl Importantly, FY18 #NDAA also includes a well-deserved across-the-board 2.1% pay increase for U.S. Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen & Marines. With up to 6 new icebreakers authorized, #NDAA improves U.S. #Arctic capabilities amid new commercial activity & Russia's military build-up.pic.twitter.com/lnosB68Vpz In passing #NDAA, Senate also approved my amendment with single largest authorization of icebreakers ever, critical to #Arctic presence. My #NDAA missile defense amendment includes increase of up to 28 ground-based interceptors (GBIs), incl. up to 20 at Ft. Greely #Alaska. U.S. missile defense is vital as Kim Jong-un in 6 years has conducted more nuclear & missile tests than his father & grandfather combined.pic.twitter.com/Um0J1BLoHx FY18 #NDAA includes vast majority of my missile defense bill, and shows the Senate is serious about defending our homeland from #NorthKorea. The Senate sent powerful message to our Armed Forces, allies & adversaries that we intend to substantially increase military funding. #NDAA At a time when global threats have grown in number & severity, our defense budget has declined 24% over the past several years. #NDAA The overwhelmingly bipartisan passage of FY18 #NDAA is a significant & long overdue step toward rebuilding America’s military strength.pic.twitter.com/Ui0khsFtne I'm joining @TeamCavuto on @FoxNews momentarily to discuss President Trump's address to the UN this morning. Wishing all of Alaska’s brave airmen – active, reserve, guard, and veteran – and their families a Happy #AFBday!pic.twitter.com/wcORDX31EP On #POWMIA Day we keep in mind the brave men & women in uniform who’ve gone missing or been held captive while in service to our country.pic.twitter.com/Pw6k9jqnWk #Alaska lost great matriarch in Ermalee Hickel who'll be remembered as wonderful mother,  active community member, & role model for us all. Thanks Pete for your insightful testimony and for traveling so far to share your knowledge of #Alaska’s fisheries. … On #Senate floor discussing need to pass the #NDAA, which includes critical funding for missile defense. Watch live:   On #PatriotDay, let's #NeverForget those who sacrificed, pray for those they left behind, & rekindle unity we experienced on that grave day. … and the brave men and women of the U.S. military who brought the fight to the enemy and have kept the homeland safe. 1st responders racing into burning buildings, everyday Americans sacrificing their lives to protect neighbors & prevent further mayhem... Terrorists were gravely mistaken about our resolve. What emerged was a bravery & compassion that for centuries has defined American spirit. 16 years ago on #September11, America was faced with attack of unspeakable evil & cowardice that took lives of 1000s of our fellow citizens. I commend the many Alaskans who've helped victims of #HurricaneHarvey, & now support fellow citizens in danger along eastern Gulf Coast. To help victims, @FEMA recommends donating to reputable recovery organizations where 100% of your resources go to relief efforts. Julie & I are praying for people of Florida as they weather through #HurricaneIrma, & for Caribbean communities already devastated by storm. You can watch the ceremony live via a 360-degree live-stream provided by U.S. Army Alaska:   Alaskans could not be more proud of these Spartans as they prepare to deploy in support of Operation Resolute Support.pic.twitter.com/IsKZf7XKOM I'm out at JBER to help give a strong send-off to brave men and women of the 4-25 Infantry Brigade Combat Team deploying to Afghanistan.pic.twitter.com/cpBUP9S0bU Join us on Facebook Live at 11 a.m. to watch a deployment ceremony for the Army's 4/25 as it heads to Afghanistan  pic.twitter.com/wao7TsAQAn Girls and I had a blast in Resurrection Bay – even clouds were foreshadowing a day full of “bites.” Sure enough, we came home with a haul.pic.twitter.com/RMeOFgtUi6 A big thank you to Alaska's hard-working men & women. You make our state best in the country and our country best in the world. #LaborDaypic.twitter.com/TJHWTgcvBr Had great time at @MSBSD Mat-Su Career-Tech High, touring the school & meeting with bright young Alaskans in Mr. Lanphier's history class.pic.twitter.com/ycimNovZl2 Bittersweet day seeing our staff assistant Xavier go. Wishing him all the best in next adventure, pursuing master's degree at @UniofOxford.pic.twitter.com/OBAffGd5Dp I appreciate the inspiring work being done by the mentors, #Alaska Dept of Law, Court System & other partners 2 change lives for the better.pic.twitter.com/s6ZAOXCOpZ Program brings together attorneys, mentors, providers & judges to ensure justice is served while giving veteran opportunity to rehabilitate.pic.twitter.com/JJ0MOVXsAT Stopped by Anchorage Veterans Court, which serves #veterans whose criminal offenses often display symptoms of post-traumatic stress.pic.twitter.com/uU9nWilfGd Checking out the 1,231-pound winning pumpkin, & enormous runners up at the @AlaskaStateFair. How much pie do you think these could make? pic.twitter.com/rPTYowNeUo Never gets old waking up to a momma moose and her calves relaxing in the back yard!pic.twitter.com/wazxjpj7RB Spoke w/ @KyungLahCNN on need to strengthen reliability, capability & capacity of US missile defense in light of threat from #NorthKorea.pic.twitter.com/y8WjFBqyDk Great piece by @KyungLahCNN on @CNN highlighting Ft. Greely & #Alaska Guard’s 49th Missile Defense Battalion—the 300 protecting 300 million. … For years, Alaskans have been calling for the life-saving King Cove road. The mayor & residents have a message for DC: Let’s start digging!pic.twitter.com/2vcFlPxDik I'll be cohosting the world famous Dave Stieren Show today from 4-5:00pm. Tune in on AM 750 @KFQD, or at:  .@SecElaineChao heard about the unique challenges we face moving goods & services, but also the immense opportunities we have in Alaska. I want to thank all who attended the #Alaska Transportation Summit I hosted last Thursday in Anchorage with @USDOT @SecElaineChao.pic.twitter.com/uqIEOo4Uvk Grateful for @RedCrossAK, brave men & women of #Alaska Guard & @USCG, & all Alaskans heading south to help those in need. #HurricaneHarvey … I want to thank @POTUS for signing #Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act - overdue step to improve #VA appeals process. … WATCH LIVE: @SenDanSullivan convenes hearing on Magnuson-Stevens Act in Alaska   I am live on the #Kenai hosting a @SenateCommerce hearing on the Magnuson-Stevens Act and fisheries management:   … Great pick by @GUPolitics. @mikedubke has a lot of knowledge & insight to offer my fellow #Hoyas. #HoyaAlum … .@SenDanSullivan & I gained firsthand appreciation of challenges in Shishmaref, a small island community struggling w coastal erosion. 2/2pic.twitter.com/WJzVHyn3nN .@SenDanSullivan  & I discussed impact of increasing activity in the Arctic while engaging w lcl leaders in Nome, Alaska.  1/2pic.twitter.com/eUdQmv9jOu We need @SASCMajority oversight hearings – we are losing too many of our nation’s finest to operational & training accidents. I fully support @CNORichardson's global operational pause for the @USNavy in wake of this tragedy & #USSFitzgerald collision in June. Thoughts and prayers are with the missing and injured sailors of the #USSJohnSMcCain and their families today. … Glad to recognize Kathy Heindl, who devotes her summers to cleaning the Kenai River & educating anglers, as our Alaskan of the week.pic.twitter.com/GJfMa2eSDR I've been a strong supporter of increasing funding for these vital facilities that serve Alaskans in need, including in more rural areas. #Alaska is home to 160 community health centers, constituting 10% of the CHCs in the country, & serving more than 100,000 Alaskans annually. Thank you to the staff at the Anchorage Neighborhood Health Center for incredible work you do, & for inviting me to celebrate #NHCW17.pic.twitter.com/ZVQGwxniCt America stands together with our friends in #Spain in mourning the loss of their fellow countrymen. The scourge of radical Islamist terrorism has taken so many innocent lives, but our resolve to defeat them & defend freedom will not waver. Our hearts go out to the people of #Spain in the wake of this morning's tragic terrorist attacks in the streets of #Barcelona. Appreciated the tour of @BloodBankofAK, a vital resource for Alaskans & health institutions across the state, especially in times of crisis.pic.twitter.com/7kO8ZDmXS7 Anything less than complete & unambiguous condemnation of white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and the KKK by the @POTUS is unacceptable. Period. Legislatively, our next objective is moving the #SaveOurSeas Act through the House and to the President's desk.   We had a great discussion with Chris Pallister, director of @GOAKorg, & Molly McCammon, director of the #Alaska Ocean Observing System. Honored to welcome @NOAADebris Director Nancy Wallace to #Alaska. Our state feels brunt of #marinedebris crisis due to massive coastline.pic.twitter.com/rm2X2HIlbN As Americans, we must always remain united against those seeking to divide us. What's going on in #Charlottesville is deeply troubling. We should never tolerate hatred & bigotry. Looking forward to working with the @SenateMajLdr and his leadership team to get the job done. Senate has critical work to do on behalf of the American people this fall. Cooperation from Executive Branch, not infighting, will be vital. .@potus Mr. President, on #NorthKorea, we need calmness, credibility and strategic focus. Robust homeland missile defense is also critical. Sen. Dan Sullivan wants Congress to see domestic violence as a nonpartisan issue  …pic.twitter.com/xfUD9zER1R Alaskan senator: We're concerned about a possible North Korean missile strike  pic.twitter.com/gSxd0BL4IG "You can't assume that Kim Jong Un is rational" - Alaska @SenDanSullivan    .@SenDanSullivan on Alaska response to N Korea threat: "There's concern, like all Americans, but there's also pride"  pic.twitter.com/yjx9zrNXqr Joining @DanaPerino on @FoxNews at 7pm ET (3pm AKT) to discuss the latest threats from #NorthKorea & need to bolster US missile defense. The cowards who attack our fellow Americans because of their religion should be prosecuted to the full  extent of the law. … Had great time w/ #veterans service orgs celebrating Senate's passage of #ForeverGIBill eliminating expiration date & expanding eligibility.pic.twitter.com/wqKAcJHyfD On behalf of a grateful state and nation, I want to wish all members of the @USCG a Happy Birthday! #SemperParatuspic.twitter.com/8MCe4DrKuN Honored today to recognize Mark Braudis, an extraordinary man who overcame great odds to raise his family, as our Alaskan of the week.pic.twitter.com/1xUtskANG1 Grateful for our friend @SenDanSullivan's support in making #ForeverGIBill a reality!pic.twitter.com/W7eBMH1igI Thanks @SenDanSullivan for joining us today to celebrate the passage of the Harry Colmery #GIBill.pic.twitter.com/jl8bSDETk5 Team #ForeverGIBill at today's press conference, after the Senate passed the bill.pic.twitter.com/ucnd0B58nE – bei VFW Headquarters .@SenDanSullivan: #ForeverGIBill an example of getting things done in a bipartisan way for our nation's veteranspic.twitter.com/OhlU36SGDg – bei Veterans of Foreign Wars Vets groups holding a #ForeverGIbill victory party now. @SenDanSullivan: "This was long overdue."pic.twitter.com/XjC1gp1Ig8 Had great chat w/ Sen. @lisamurkowski's summer interns. Excited to see what the future has in store for these exceptional young Alaskans.pic.twitter.com/PFNldX0w5J I'm chairing a @SenateCommerce Subcommittee hearing on the Magnuson Stevens Fishery Act. Watch live at:   … Wrapping up a great weekend in Ketchikan, Klawock, Craig and Metlakatla with a visit with the Ketchikan Daily News—at the airport!pic.twitter.com/CqyKaUExP6 From #NorthKorea's provocations, meddling by #Russia, to Iranian maleficence, Rs & Ds agree - US adversaries must be held accountable. The #Senate sent clear message to #Iran, #Russia and #NorthKorea that we will not tolerate their aggressive behavior around the world. … #Alaska #veterans - don't miss VA Wellness Fair, Claims Clinic & Motorcycle Rally this Saturday from 10am-2pm in Anchorage.pic.twitter.com/iTqhdK7FGY Speaking now @Heritage on need to bolster American missile defense in light of the threat from #NorthKorea. Watch: … This afternoon, I joined @JulieBanderas on @FoxNews to discuss the #Senate vote to debate healthcare reform legislation.pic.twitter.com/uvBBLEoWf8 I'm on the Dave Stieren Show on AM 750 @KFQD right now talking about healthcare reform. Tune in at:  My statement on the Senate's vote today to allow debate on healthcare reform legislation:pic.twitter.com/LzfrBtByOG I encourage #Alaska employers to extend opportunities to #veterans who carry skills that are valuable to any organization. #HireAVeteranDaypic.twitter.com/P8m0tcJz6v Chairing a @SenateCommerce subcommittee hearing on the global marine debris crisis. Watch here:   Encouraged each to tell constituents: when looking for a great "foodie" trip, or trappings of a delicious home meal—it’s time to look North. Glad to share "Taste of #Alaska" with my #Senate colleagues, & highlight local farms & businesses offering up the best of the Last Frontier.pic.twitter.com/U6pbGgCwdT I look forward to working together on charting a new path toward American energy dominance, of which #Alaska is a critical element. His wealth of knowledge & passion for #Alaska – and more broadly, federal land issues – cannot be overstated. While I’m sad to see Joe leave the Senate, his departure is a big gain for @SecretaryZinke, @Interior, the United States, and #Alaska. … Keeping my friend @SenJohnMcCain in my prayers. My colleagues in the Senate & all Americans stand behind this American hero in his fight. … My statement on efforts to advance healthcare reform in the Senate:pic.twitter.com/iRyU7JsNmD .@POTUS @RealDonaldTrump #Iran is not in compliance with JCPOA. Read my op-ed w/strategy on #IranDeal going forward: … I condemn the senseless terrorist attack on the Hindu pilgrims in Kashmir. My deepest sympathies and prayers to the victims and families. … Had honor today of swearing my staffer Micah into the @AKNationalGuard. Proud of him & all who seek to serve & defend our great country.pic.twitter.com/vOzykMqdNR Joined @LisaMurkowski & @SenDanSullivan to discuss @CMSgov's NEW #Alaska State Innovation Waiver w/ @aprn @adndotcom  …pic.twitter.com/5aWtvJFmLG The American people are expecting a lot more progress to be made this year & so am I. It’s time to get results. I appreciate Senate leaders & @SenateMajLdr for taking these calls into consideration and taking action. We have a big agenda: reforming onerous reg. & tax systems, fully supporting our military, fixing disaster of Obamacare, & growing economy. For weeks, my #Senate colleagues & I have been saying now is not the time to recess when we have so much work left to do.pic.twitter.com/gvrjOAsV7y Deeply saddened by loss of 16 U.S. service members in a Marine Corps plane crash last night. Julie & I are keeping families in our prayers. Congrats to Alaska's young track star @Allie_Ostrander, and to Scott Patterson, Luke Jager, Molly Gellert - 2017 #MountMarathon champs! … I recently introduced a bill - majority of which was included in NDAA & passed out of committee - to significantly boost US missile defense. Now more than ever, it's imperative for Alaskans and the rest of the nation that we be prepared. Today Alaskans awoke to disturbing news that #NorthKorea tested missile that some experts say may be able to reach #Alaska in near future. Ran my @USMC PFT (fitness test): 17 pull ups; 100 sit-ups; 22:40 three-mile run. @SenThomTillis, what do you got?pic.twitter.com/AevLtFevqx Here is an update on the Senate's latest draft healthcare bill, and what #Alaska-specific issues I’ll be working on going forward.pic.twitter.com/8g9uRW7MgX I hope that these cease and we can focus on moving our country forward. I've said repeatedly that President's tweets insulting others don't help country or advance the civility & respect we sorely need right now. My statement on the decision today to not hold a vote on the Better Care Reconciliation Act prior to the July 4th recess:pic.twitter.com/OITYVZ8WHi The Missile Defense Imperative - editorial in WSJ about @SenDanSullivan bill to protect USA from NK weapons. … Must-read @WSJ on @SenDanSullivan's leadership on missile defense: "The Missile Defense Imperative" … As such, I expect to see swift action to ensure #veterans receive the care they have earned and deserve. .@SecShulkin now has tools & flexibility to change culture within VA, including ability to fire employees who are ill-serving our #veterans. The #VAAccountability Act is a step toward restoring the trust and confidence of #veterans in the VA. I want to thank @POTUS for signing #VAAccountability Act into law, the product of bipartisan work & cooperation on Vets' Affairs Committee. … My statement on the Better Care Reconciliation Act, released earlier today:pic.twitter.com/zG4s57WMNE As the Senate approaches consideration of a new healthcare reform proposal, I wanted to share my thoughts. Please take a listen:pic.twitter.com/qLHpMsMNsh Summer brings midnight sun to Kenai #WildlifeRefuge by Gareth Blakemore #Alaska #SummerSolsticepic.twitter.com/YC9hhkeuCX Happy 40th Birthday to the Trans #Alaska Pipeline! Here’s to many more years of production for our great state and country.pic.twitter.com/zGmhTyhunm Chris is an exceptional choice to lead @NOAAFisheries. He's the first Alaskan ever to permanently hold this important role. @NOAA … My life has been so blessed by examples of my father Tom Sullivan & father-in-law Bud Fate. Wishing them & all dads a very #HappyFathersDay.pic.twitter.com/XiR81JkdmA Great to see my friend Tully & his dad from Craig #Alaska. Tully is a stellar student who aspires to be a Marine one day.pic.twitter.com/7PKbvbiVtX No better way to celebrate America than baseball! Wishing the players and fans a great #CongressionalBaseballGame tonight. … Sorry I missed you, but you’re in good hands with Scott! Thank you for your advocacy on behalf of pilots @alpapiloteric, @jastoharb.  … Proud of these young Alaskans who’ve studied & researched hard, sharing fascinating history projects at #NHD2017 this week. … .@SenDanSullivan says Alaska is a "seafood superpower," and they care about sustainable management of fisheries #CHOW2017 Key to durable @sanctuaries: stakeholder engagement, bottom up approach, bipartisan process @SenDanSullivan #CHOW2017 Thanks @eilperin for hosting great discussion w/ @SenWhitehouse & @RepDerekKilmer on opportunity for bipartisan progress on oceans policy. … Wishing the @USArmy a happy 242nd birthday, including Alaska's brave Arctic Warriors. Keep up the great work. #ArmyBDaypic.twitter.com/KlghNTkL6d Looking forward to a great discussion this afternoon at #CHOW2017. Watch live at:   … We are grateful for their courage. Praying for a speedy recovery for Congressman Scalise and the other victims. Law enforcement officers across the country, including Capitol police, stand on duty 24/7 ready to sacrifice for others, as we saw today. Great interns helping out in my DC office this summer from all across #Alaska. Check out internship opportunities at  …pic.twitter.com/IRzrrMZGbW The well-being of our seas and coastal ecosystems, including in #Alaska, is a main focus here in Washington during #CHOW2017.pic.twitter.com/pI8vEr6ctj Getting ready to question #SECDEF Mattis and Chairman of Joint Chiefs @GenDunford in @SASCMajority. Tune in at:  …pic.twitter.com/qHiLyIpcWH Ostrander runs a 9:41.31 in just her fourth-career steeplechase to cement her spot in history!! #BleedBluepic.twitter.com/GCKQOTJPAU Congratulations, Allie, on your impressive achievement! … Replenishing the stocks of qualified fisheries stewards will help ensure #Alaska remains the superpower of seafood. … .@SenMarkey @lisamurkowski, @SenatorCantwell, & I yesterday introduced the Young Fishermen's Development Act:  … Happy Birthday to my friend and colleague @RepDonYoung, a man with a great sense of humor, a deep love for #Alaska, and a strong grip.pic.twitter.com/KcyOuFdB6c This Saturday, I’ll be in Kodiak for another community town hall. I hope to see you there!pic.twitter.com/AT14xi07dy Happy Birthday, @VP Mike Pence, a man of character and humility – with a young son in the Marines!pic.twitter.com/OkUnUC0O80 Congrats to Alaskan Robb Kulin, selected out of 18,300 applicants to join @NASA 2017 Astronaut Candidate Class. #NewAstronauts … Spectacular shots of Bogoslof eruption in Aleutians. @Alaska_AVO does great job keeping Alaskans apprised of volcanic rumblings & hazards. … Passage of #VA Accountability Act is good news for #veterans in #Alaska & across the country. Important step in restoring veterans' trust.pic.twitter.com/USgNCXAhDN Today we remember the thousands lost on #DDay, bravely fighting to end the reign of tyranny & preserve freedom for generations to come.pic.twitter.com/EXN7fV5G0T This weekend, I stopped by @JERonFNC on @FoxNews to make the case for bolstering America's missile defense. #NorthKoreapic.twitter.com/RfKvHJK26T There’s nothing quite like a summer in Alaska! … #ICYMI, I joined Brian @Kilmeade on @foxandfriends this morning to discuss #NorthKorea and my Advancing America's Missile Defense Act.pic.twitter.com/S8FkfA1ifG Joining @foxandfriends this morning to discuss the need to bolster America's Missile Defense. Hope you can watch! Sen. @lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan @repdonyoung commends @SecretaryZinke's #Alaska order  … Also today, @SecretaryZinke announced @Interior will update the geological assessment for ANWR, last done in the 1980s. .@SecretaryZinke on today's order rolling back the Obama Admin's lockup of NPR-A in #Alaska: "The war on North American energy is now over." … Pick Up the Pace on Missile Defense, writes @SenDanSullivan (March '17)  pic.twitter.com/yflUwrT01i We’re sending a strong signal to the unhinged dictator in #NorthKorea that the U.S. can & will shoot down a rogue missile. … Thx @SenDanSullivan for hosting a meeting w/ #Alaska Native #veterans today. AK & MT share a distinct honor: have most vets per capita @ 10%pic.twitter.com/5uU0oZJW74 Mike Dubke’s departure is a loss for White House. I’m fortunate to have him as a trusted advisor & know he’ll be an asset wherever he goes. Honored to speak at the Veteran's Memorial in Anchorage. Wishing all Alaskans a peaceful #MemorialDay. Never forget.  Landed in Alaska today! Learning a lot about our Alaska energy potential. Cold temps & warm hospitality from @SenDanSullivan @lisamurkowskipic.twitter.com/SaTrxEp5O7 Honored to meet w/ Canadian @NationalDefence Minister @HarjitSajjan, discuss close relationship between our 2 nations, #Arctic cooperation.pic.twitter.com/tgrqLhHP4z Glad to welcome nine students from all corners of #Alaska this week – Togiak, Shishmaref, Nikiski, St. Mary’s, Akiachak, Seward and Bethel!pic.twitter.com/UelOGWVY7G Looking forward to welcoming @SecretaryZinke, a true westerner and friend of #Alaska, to the Last Frontier! Must-read piece by @JoshRogin in @WashingtonPost on #NorthKorea threat, & Advancing America’s Missile Defense Act: … Sen. @lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan @repdonyoung ready to welcome @SecretaryZinke to #Alaska  … I appreciate @SenBrianSchatz @SenTedCruz @SenGaryPeters @SenTomCotton @Sen_JoeManchin @MarcoRubio & SenCapito for cosponsoring AAMD Act. Spoke on Senate floor about the  Advancing America’s Missile Defense Act, which would bolster this vital system.  America’s missile defense is a critical insurance policy that protects our citizens and our allies from a nuclear catastrophe. #NorthKorea We need to be able to say: Yes, we are safe, we saw this coming. And, yes, we have world’s most robust & capable missile defense system. When that day comes, Americans will ask us – Did we see this threat coming, and what have we done to protect our country? #NorthKorea Top military leaders have been sounding alarm – it’s not a matter of “if” but “when” Kim Jong-un can range US w/ nuclear ICBM. #NorthKorea In short time he’s been in power, Kim Jong-un has conducted twice as many missile tests as his father & grandfather combined. #NorthKoreapic.twitter.com/ZsZMLFZq51 My statement on the White House's FY 2018 budget request:pic.twitter.com/wUiO2PaPTm I had a great time cheering on so many inspiring Alaskans at the Law Enforcement Torch Run, supporting the athletes of @SpecialOlymAK.pic.twitter.com/1fQsSlKSu7 Horrified by the cowardly attack on innocents, many children, in #Manchester. Americans stand in solidarity with our friends in the U.K. Senators introduce bill to bolster homeland #missiledefense  … I want to wish my friend and colleague @lisamurkowski a very happy birthday! It is an honor getting to serve Alaskans alongside you.pic.twitter.com/apnSLvckuO .@Enric_Sala Heard you on @NPR today-gr8 interview. I’ve introduced Save Our Seas Act to help address marine debris:  … Great to see so many Alaskans at @JoyUpdate Anchorage Barefoot Mile, raising awareness about the scourge of human trafficking. @jeffbrodskypic.twitter.com/nmhAiAFT8F Today we salute the brave men and women who serve in the U.S. Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, Marine Corps, and Navy. #ArmedForcesDaypic.twitter.com/xhZt3R68NK Congrats to Michael Carson, an avid Mat-Su volunteer and co-founder of MYHouse homeless youth center, on being our Alaskan of the Week.pic.twitter.com/TgBmMcV96I I applaud today’s vote by the @FCC to seek input from all Americans on the best path forward to protect a free & open Internet. Had good visit w/ group of Fairbanks police officers & their families. Grateful for all they do to keep Alaskans safe. #NationalPoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/j8n7ckNqSE On Saturday, I’ll be hosting another town hall, this time in Anchorage. It is an honor to serve you and I hope you are able to join.pic.twitter.com/Adq5RxuMav Glad to hear my good friend @SenThomTillis is recovering well. Expect to see him back in the Senate soon. … Visited National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial where fallen Fairbanks Police Sergeant Brandt's name was added during #NationalPoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/j7aMOk4VTV Had great time in Galena, incl. visit to Interior Learning Academy & delicious moose soup & baked salmon lunch. Thank you for warm welcome!pic.twitter.com/5dRy3508DE I'm live now on @aprn Talk of Alaska. Tune in at:  Congrats to Andrew Hampton (West Point-bound) & to all of the young Alaskans nominated to America's prestigious service academies.pic.twitter.com/1gNVywcWDS Honored to recognize Alaskan of the Week Sherry Bess, of Homer, who has dedicated nearly 3 decades to caring for abused & abandoned animals.pic.twitter.com/VBr8EyehZF Happy #MothersDay to my wife Julie, mom Sandy, mother-in-law Mary Jane - and to all mothers across #Alaska. We love you all very, very much.pic.twitter.com/YP8zesEbFT Linda Schandelmeier, one of the foremost critics of Sullivan's lack of town halls, gets to introduce Sullivan. #SullivanTownHall Fairbanks has done a fantastic job hosting the 10th Ministerial of the @ArcticCouncil. Chairmanship now passes from US to Finland. #Arcticpic.twitter.com/Tbc8Fe1GMk The sun rose in Utqiaġvik (Barrow), Alaska, this morning at 2:54 a.m. It will set at 1:56 a.m. on August 2nd! #MidnightSun @AlaskaWxpic.twitter.com/ReHlWX9pCF Sen. @lisamurkowski and I had a great time meeting with students from Girdwood Middle School who are visiting D.C. this week.pic.twitter.com/mG0UjNNRY6 My statement on the firing of FBI Director James Comey:pic.twitter.com/9FCKlt5uKn Alaskans – this Friday from 5:30-7:00pm, I will be holding a constituent town hall in North Pole. I hope to see you there!pic.twitter.com/sVuPxK1mB3 Today we honor the sacrifices made by the law enforcement heroes of the Last Frontier, both past and present.pic.twitter.com/Jvf0j8Cqyh We know Russia regrets selling Alaska, but they aren't getting us back & better back off. Thanks to our F-22 pilots.  pic.twitter.com/58ki79kwUu My statement on Senate's passage today of legislation funding the government, including a number of Alaska's priorities, through Sept. 30.pic.twitter.com/x6lyrezOhG The 1-in-5 Americans under 9th Circuit deserve better than “fast food justice.” Made case on @FoxandFriends that a circuit split is overdue.pic.twitter.com/GZzHb9KNZ3 Americans living under 9th Circuit Court of Appeals – including Alaskans – wait 40% longer to access justice due to its size and delays. Congratulations to the 2017 BP Teachers of Excellence! Thank you for the passion & hard work you devote to seeing our young people succeed.pic.twitter.com/rIim7VaeqS Sen. @lisamurkowski and I had a blast today meeting with students from Unalaska! @CloseUp_DC #CloseUpDCpic.twitter.com/jx1fbd5Jb2 I had a great time welcoming the Harvey family, from Eagle River, to D.C. for #StrollingThunder! #ThinkBabies @ZerotoThreepic.twitter.com/WdMQAXhcgu Thank you to the many Alaskans in Homer who welcomed the sailors of the USS Hopper to #Alaska!pic.twitter.com/xCV41HtCpU Honored to speak at @ABAesq in support of Legal Services Corp, which provides vital pro bono representation in #Alaska & across country.pic.twitter.com/DCx9K97geo Southeast awoken to series of earthquakes. Glad to hear no reports of significant damage or injuries. Stay safe! … Honored to recognize Madison Englund & Jennifer Troutman, two accomplished Special Olympians & our Alaskans of the Week!pic.twitter.com/NVRdj4E3qW Honored to witness @POTUS signing an EO today lifting President Obama's last-minute lock-up of #Alaska's #Arctic OCS resources.pic.twitter.com/78acXiiknz Tomorrow is #TakeBackDay, opportunity from 10am-2pm to safely dispose of unneeded medications that can fall into wrong hands. #TurntheTidepic.twitter.com/hzw8wiLktr Talking with @SenDanSullivan on @POTUS executive order on offshore drilling. Coming up @Ch2KTUUpic.twitter.com/MYv4JFZiiS #ICYMI, I joined @WillieGeist on @msnbc's @Morning_Joe to discuss yesterday's meeting at the White House on the threat from #NorthKorea.pic.twitter.com/9ZyK6gKZaJ Glad to welcome to DC a big group of Alaskan high schoolers from Colony, Redington, Wrangell, South Anchorage, and Voznesenka!pic.twitter.com/wYexn2uIxl My thoughts following a meeting at the @WhiteHouse with my Senate colleagues regarding the continuing threat posed by #NorthKorea.pic.twitter.com/MZXL8fq9y0 Appreciate APD Chief Tolley's years of service. Captain Doll, fellow Marine I've served with, will lead dept. well.  … Congrats 2 #Alaska National Guard Rescue Squads & Rescue Center on winning @usairforce 2016 Jolly Green Assoc. Rescue Mission of the Year!pic.twitter.com/cGa6630TPP I have much respect for fmr #SurgeonGeneral @Vivek_Murthy & his fight against opioid epidemic. Particularly grateful for his visit to Alaskapic.twitter.com/LhGbYohjLz Great time visiting w/ Romig students who were preparing for a "Mock Congress" debate. I'm sure it will rival anything we see in the Senate!pic.twitter.com/mMI2PaeSRA Who wants to sit inside to talk to Alaskans when you can be outside in beautiful Homer? #townhallAKstylepic.twitter.com/rmHgBdM6bD Thanks to principal Dr. Sherry McKenzie for an informative tour of Barrow High School.pic.twitter.com/viRwab9Dhv Great discussion with students taking Mr. Price's AK Studies class at Barrow High School. Insightful questions. Go Whalers!pic.twitter.com/HC39yXEh9P It’s great to be on the North Slope this week!  Started my morning in Barrow  on KBRW “Top of the World Radio" with Bob Thomaspic.twitter.com/7yC4Vg6DwF I hope Alaska’s Jewish community had a wonderful #Passover, commemorating the Exodus of the Israelites from Egypt. Chag Sameach!pic.twitter.com/jcllMn4Zbc Grateful to the Alaskans, including bugler Gene Horner, who commemorated 100th anniversary of US entry into WWI at Ft. Richardson Cemetery.pic.twitter.com/7qVuRWyRQJ Honored to meet at White House w/ our courageous #woundedwarriors, here for a 4-day @wwp "Soldier Ride" through our nation's capital.pic.twitter.com/wljm0SZ8aY Finally, I want to thank the men & women of the 4-25, and their families. You represent America’s finest. Godspeed on your next deployment. Also want to thank Sen. @LisaMurkowski, @RepDonYoung and all Alaskans for helping show how strategically important the 4-25 is to the U.S. I want to thank @ArmyChiefStaff & @SecArmy22 for traveling with me to #Alaska, making this 4-25 decision a reality. Today’s decision keeping the @USArmy 4-25 IBCT intact is important for #Alaska as well as our national security interests. For 2 yrs, my team & I relentlessly advocated for the #Army to reverse planned reduction of only airborne brigade in Arctic or Asia-Pacific. I applaud @USArmy formal decision today to retain – in its entirety – the 4/25 Infantry Brigade Combat Team at JBER.  … Wishing all Alaskans a Happy #NationalBeerDay!pic.twitter.com/xNPsYRu8kb .@SenDanSullivan: "It was meant to [make] sure that Bashar al-Assad could not once again use chemical weapons against his own people."pic.twitter.com/WZAXuHr5hU Joining @TeamCavuto on @FoxNews at 4:45pm ET to discuss yesterday’s strikes against #Syria’s Assad regime. Congratulations to Neil Gorsuch, newest justice of #SCOTUS. Proud to confirm this eminently qualified man to the nation’s highest court.pic.twitter.com/OobfAHk3Uu We must continue reestablishing U.S. credibility in region, working closely with our allies to advance collective security interests. #Syria I applaud @POTUS for his decisive action, degrading #Syria’s ability to use chemical attacks against Syrians & regional neighbors in future. .@POTUS said Assad had crossed lines by using banned chemical weapons against his own people and, this time, the US President acted. #Syria I commend brave men & women of the US military who carried out @POTUS orders against the Assad regime. #Syria  … .@SenDanSullivan on Missile Defense @CSIS – LIVE on C-SPAN3  pic.twitter.com/PUM9PDzzH9 Speaking now @csis_isp on U.S. missile defense & importance of staying ahead of threats to homeland. Watch live: … Always. … .@SenWhitehouse and I discussed the impacts of marine debris on our coastal communities/ecosystems, & how the Save Our Seas Act can help.pic.twitter.com/vl3nA895vH I want to thank my @SenateCommerce colleagues for advancing the Save Our Seas Act, addressing marine debris crisis.  … I'll be on the Senate floor in a few minutes to discuss the #SCOTUS nomination of Judge Gorsuch. Tune in at:   Alaskans - Join me for a Facebook Live event 1:30pm Thursday regarding #SCOTUS nomination of Judge #Gorsuch. Share your questions on my FB.pic.twitter.com/5GLIcuOsBo .@SenatorCardin and I also urged @POTUS to discuss how #China can play a more productive role in achieving denuclearization of #NorthKorea. China has considerable influence over #NorthKorea, but has done little in recent years to slow or halt regime’s missile & nuclear programs. THAAD system is critical to protecting the Korean people, and is entirely the result of #NorthKorea’s continued aggressive behavior. We urged @POTUS to call on President Xi to cease China’s economic retaliation against South Korea for the THAAD missile defense deployment. .SenatorCardin & I, along w/ bipartisan group of 24 senators, sent @POTUS letter prior to Chinese Pres. Xi’s visit.  … .@SenDanSullivan & @SenatorCardin ask Trump to stand up for South Korea against Chinese retaliation for THAAD  … Joined @ADMZukunft for unveiling of newest @USCG cutter, named for WWII hero Douglas Munro, killed while saving 500 Marines in Guadalcanal.pic.twitter.com/hTrPoRLfKX Glad to welcome Alaska's 2017 Cherry Blossom Princess, Caitlin Sweeney, to Washington. Congratulations, Caitlin!pic.twitter.com/14N8gAbDr0 Julie & I had great time @ RAM #Alaska Rodeo Awards ceremony in Anchorage. I encourage Alaskans to make it to the rodeo circuit this summer!pic.twitter.com/4UecK7Mj7q Had wonderful reception w/ Alaskans and Under Secretary Tom Shannon at @StateDept commemorating 150th anniversary of the #AlaskaPurchase.pic.twitter.com/QGVD740nus Celebrating #AlaskaPurchase #sesquicentennial w/ @LisaMurkowski, @RepDonYoung & First Lady Donna Walker. Watch live:  … .@LisaMurkowski & I welcomed a BIG group of young Alaskans to DC today from Cordova, Juneau, Ketchikan, Petersburg & Anchorage. @CloseUp_DCpic.twitter.com/il2RTCJJ0h Great honor to receive President's Legacy & Leadership Award from Healthy Alaska Natives' Foundation at the Raven's Ball this weekend.pic.twitter.com/Iihg9e0aQF Today we celebrate a great American statesman who saw the boundless, untapped potential of #Alaska. Happy Seward's Day!pic.twitter.com/nrYNOKRuTa Open minds, full bellies, can’t lose. #SolutionSundays. Thanks @SenatorTimScott @SenatorLankford … Thanks to many Alaskans who participated in Choose Respect marches, giving hope to victims & survivors of domestic violence & sexual assaultpic.twitter.com/YhojpfCy85 In approving #KeystoneXL, @POTUS sent message that strong economy & North American energy independence will strengthen our national security Today, @POTUS & the Trump administration stood up for the hardworking men and women of this country. #KeystoneXL For 8yrs Obama Admin did bidding of special interest groups, needlessly delaying 1000s of good-paying jobs for American workers. #KeystoneXL Joined Alaskans on Capitol grounds for 8th annual Choose Respect rally showing support for victims of domestic violence & sexual assault.pic.twitter.com/lYZIRM7tXm Thank you @ADMZukunft for sharing your insights today w/ the Subcommittee. Look forward to working w/ you to support the @USCG’s missions. … I shared my thoughts today on #SCOTUS nominee Judge Neil #Gorsuch and how I think his confirmation hearing is going. #ConfirmGorsuchpic.twitter.com/c33z3Iu3yu I applaud @POTUS & Trump administration on the strong choice of Dina Powell as deputy national security adviser.  pic.twitter.com/pxLWYsVI3t Chairing my first @SenateCommerce Subcommittee (Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries & @uscoastguard) hearing. Watch live:   I'm on the Rick Rydell Radio Show on @650keni discussing #HJRes69. Tune in at:  Proud to don a pair of funny socks provided by Corbin, a bright young Alaskan from Anchorage, in honor of World Down Syndrome Day. #WDSD17pic.twitter.com/uAZLFYqV2Z The Obama #USFWS didnt issue rule b/c #Alaska fish&game or habitats were threatened, but because it wanted control over management. #HJRes69 The Obama #USFWS Rule is not based on sound science, or established wildlife management principles, or federal law.  #HJRes69 In 2016 despite federal law, Obama #USFWS finalized rule restricting #Alaska wildlife management practices & limiting public input. #HJRes69 Alaska's ability to manage our fish & wildlife resources, granted at statehood, is stated explicitly in federal law. #HJRes69 Year after year, #Alaska Boards of Game & Fish conduct a rigorous scientific process with public input to manage our resources. #HJRes69 In #Alaska, many hunt for survival, both personal & cultural. We have the best managed fish and wildlife anywhere in the world. #HJRes69 Spoke today on #HJRes69 which rolls back an Obama-era rule subverting Alaska’s authority to manage fish & wildlife.  Few people - if any - in the world love their lands & wildlife more than Alaskans. In #Alaska, our lands sustain us. #HJRes69 Proud of my staffer who helped Ramon Whittaker of Wasilla – Vietnam & Desert Storm Veteran – get >14 medals he'd earned but never received.pic.twitter.com/rgzpcoLnyx Great to see #Alaska's world-class fish and seafood products on display at the @BostonSeafood Expo! #SENA17pic.twitter.com/p1ZpUkrPxL Today I recognized Rev. Evelyn Erbele of Ketchikan as the Alaskan of the Week. Thank you Evelyn for upholding the dignity of homeless AKns.pic.twitter.com/RDv54vKogf Still having a hard time? Clearly @SenThomTillis is the sharper dresser. @kristina_wong @HopeSeckpic.twitter.com/Lmy9tRRdyR Sincere thanks to @USAirForce Gen. "Hawk" Carlisle for his years of service, including time stationed in #Alaska. … Congratulations, Mitch and team, on a record-breaking #Iditarod victory! Best wishes to the remaining mushers making their way to Nome. … I’m sure Dallas isn’t excited to see his  3-year #Iditarod winning-streak end, but he must be very proud that his dad was the one to do it. For six years going, the Seaveys have led the pack in the Last Great Race, a proud distinction for this revered #Alaska family. #Iditarod As a Marine, I'm disgusted by reports of female #Marines being degraded online. @SASCMajority held an important hearing on this perversion:pic.twitter.com/jy7UKhoTha Here are the 5 brilliant finalists for our Frontier in Focus winter photo contest! Vote for your favorite at:  pic.twitter.com/zhg9bs6oHS Congrats Madeline Ko of Palmer, & Wilfried Zibell of Noorvik, Alaska’s representatives w/ the competitive Senate Youth Program. #ussyp2017pic.twitter.com/r7AlEx1hbG As the son of a @USNavy veteran, it was a huge honor last night to receive the Association of the U.S. Navy's Legislative Advocacy Award.pic.twitter.com/ghdPNLvBv2 #Alaska Legal Services Corp is celebrating 50 years with free legal clinics across the state for Alaskans in need:  Best wishes to Jennifer & Madison of @SpecialOlymAK, competing at the #2017Austria Special Olympics World Games!  … I had great time meeting with more than 20 bright @4H students from Palmer on the steps of the Capitol today.pic.twitter.com/Mzd7rZYlWx Congrats to Armstrong Oil&Gas and #Repsol on making biggest US onshore oil discovery in 30 years. 1.2 billion barrels. WOW!! #policymatters Proud to join @RepJeffDenham, @RepTimWalz & @Sen_JoeManchin as a co-chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus.  pic.twitter.com/HnvwKZHCV0 I appreciate @SecretaryZinke rescinding a last minute Obama admin. ban on traditional tackle & ammo on @USFWS land.  … Met w/ @POTUS's #SCOTUS nominee Judge Gorsuch. Like late Justice Scalia, he has deep respect for the law, federalism & separation of powers.pic.twitter.com/aVhN7bvocF #ICYMI I joined @CNBC's @SquawkCNBC to discuss @CommerceGov Secretary Ross's focus on reigniting the engine of the American economy.pic.twitter.com/G8yGIs1khi Pleased to announce @NOAAFisheries is implementing necessary regs for a timely open of the #Alaska halibut fishery.  … Congrats to #Alaska Guard 212th Rescue & 249th Airlift Squadrons nominated for National Aeronautic Association's prestigious Collier Trophy!pic.twitter.com/IGu215C8ML Live Now: How Congress Can Help Further U.S.-India Defense Cooperation with @SenDanSullivan and @MarkWarner  pic.twitter.com/8C7qsv0B7n Glad to vote to confirm @RyanZinke - a public servant, trained geologist, avid sportsman & fmr Navy SEAL - as next Secretary of @Interior.pic.twitter.com/GjnzpVi84c Last week, 200 @USArmy paratroopers conducted another successful operation 200miles north of #Arctic Circle. Congrats 2 the 4/25 IBCT (ABN)!pic.twitter.com/TUfEuCTVwm Here are my initial thoughts following @POTUS's strong & unifying first #JointAddress to Congress.pic.twitter.com/WIM7kfHwVy Glad to join @POTUS & @EPWGOP for signing of a new order to review & roll back expansive overreach of #WOTUS Rule. (Photo: @NACoTweets)pic.twitter.com/nOFR87FvRq Calling all #Alaska photographers: Send your best shots for our winter Frontier in Focus contest to photos@sullivan.senate.gov by March 10.pic.twitter.com/osdZJGbSWy @SenDanSullivan talks building up states natural resources and supports/praises new projects, "I hope this is only the beginning" #aklegpic.twitter.com/rfnerMYXo7 Congrats to 2017 #Alaska Military Service Members of the Year! You've exhibited excellence in your work & set high standard for your peers.pic.twitter.com/XeIHwOSBx8 The U.S. military should continue to fly, sail and operate in the #SouthChinaSea, and everywhere else international law allows. $5.3 trillion of trade – $1.2 trillion of it from the U.S. – passes through the #SouthChinaSea each year. Building 2 dozen structures to house surface-to-air missiles clearly violates China’s previous promises not to militarize this vital region. Despite claims to the contrary, China is continuing to change the facts on the ground in the #SouthChinaSea. … Good luck to all of the Iron Dog racers making the 2,000-mile trek to Nome and Fairbanks! #IronDog2017pic.twitter.com/KcYO68w4VC .@AKScottPruitt understands #EPA must respect rule of law, input of states. Proud to confirm him as administrator. … Today we honor and remember Elizabeth Peratrovich, an instrumental leader in the fight for equal rights for Alaska Natives.pic.twitter.com/etXfkgUU3M I want to thank Gov Walker for disaster declaration, putting forward resources to combat #Alaska's opioid epidemic. … Congrats to Matt Hall, of Two Rivers, & his Smokin’ Ace Kennels team on winning @theyukonquest Sled Dog Race!  … Had a great time meeting remarkable young men & women of 477th Fighter Squadron and congratulating honorees at their annual awards ceremony.pic.twitter.com/0iRcbvEQ9D Thank you 2 volunteers who assembled kits of Naloxone, essential to reversing overdose & combatting opioid epidemic. … Honored to meet w/ Japan PM @AbeShinzo, a once-in-a-generation leader working toward a safer & more prosperous Asia-Pacific. @JPN_PMOpic.twitter.com/qhbWiQi2Lt Before Congressional meeting w/PM Abe, @SenDanSullivan stressed the importance of US-Japan relations to media at @USChamber.pic.twitter.com/Vl9Lvv5doH Look forward to welcoming Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, one of America's most crucial longstanding allies.pic.twitter.com/QnU7Z6kpLA Sen. @lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan @RepDonYoung introduce resolution honoring 100th birthday of @DenaliNPS #Alaska  … US must reenergize alliances w/ Israel & Arab states, all of which languished during the Obama admin. due to its focus on placating #Iran. Recent missile tests and provocative actions against US and allied forces in the region, demonstrate these penalties are long overdue. #Iran #Iran has been intent on undermining #IranDeal at every turn. Yet P5+1 countries (incl US under Obama) havent called them out for violations I applaud the Trump Administration today announcing new sanctions against #Iran after ballistic missile test. … These delay tactics by Senate Democrats do not serve the American people. It’s time to get to work. #epa Their calls for greater time, scrutiny ring hollow: @AGScottPruitt answered 1,000+ more Qs than any previous #EPA nominee in recent history. Senate Democrats boycott of an @EPWMaj vote on @agscottpruitt to lead #EPA is nothing more than a senatorial temper tantrum.pic.twitter.com/DcRbJSqeQq My statement on President @realDonaldTrump's nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/agUyR8mOrc Staff & I had honor of surprising Will Lee, a Vietnam Vet from Mat-Su, w/ a Bronze Star he earned but never received. Congratulations, Will!pic.twitter.com/oOvn51Bl9E Applaud Pres @realDonaldTrump for issuing EO reflecting RED Tape Act, my 1-in-2-out reg bill. Now we should pass bill for full force of law. Today @POTUS made good on promise to cut excessive regs, something I’ve been focused on in Senate w/ RED Tape Act:  … As Pres @realDonaldTrump said, overregulation has been problem over many years, administrations, without thought given to effect on US jobs.pic.twitter.com/D6kAF2MrKG After 8 years of stagnant growth, reigniting the American economy should be job #1 for Congress, @POTUS. That starts with regulatory reform. #Alaska snow-machine champ @CDSIX competes today in his 11th @XGames. Wishing Cory a great competition & hoping he adds to his 6 medals!pic.twitter.com/kQ66OrX4UC Proud to #MarchForLife w/ Americans from across the country to affirm our belief that life is precious & we need to protect most vulnerable.pic.twitter.com/QDaRFnQ3xa I had the honor of recognizing Eileen Dubowski, a beloved educator & wrestling coach from Salcha, as my Alaskan of the Week. Take a listen:pic.twitter.com/pRHA7pIjE5 Congrats to Andrew Kurka, world-class #Alaska Paralympic skier, on taking home his 1st World Championship! … I call on my Dem colleagues to join me in voting for permitting reform as part of any new #infrastructure package. … Pres. Obama’s $800 billion stimulus in 2009 (w/o reg reform) wrecked the country’s balance sheet while doing little to spur economic growth. We need new #infrastructure now. New highways take 19 yrs. 14 yrs for a dam expansion in CO, & 15 yrs to permit a new SeaTac runway! I support new infrastructure investment. But we must reform permitting & #regulation, or else billions will go to red tape and litigation. Hats off to the 47 #Alaska Guardsmen in DC this weekend to support security operations during the #inauguration. @AKNationalGuardpic.twitter.com/3Pmd7ZjukU Proud to cast my 1st vote under new Admin for Gen. #Mattis, man of courage & integrity. He'll make a great Secretary of Defense. #semperfi Celebrating historic moment of inaugurating new @potus with bipartisan group of friends, colleagues. #Inaugurationpic.twitter.com/j2TCEltRQG .@AGScottPruitt testifying at @EPWMaj w/ ease & intelligence. He knows what we in AK know: healthy environment & strong economy not at odds. Fact check: Alaska is bigger than Rhode Island. Politico rates this TRUE Pleased to join 25 of my colleagues on #SASC to approve nomination of General #Mattis to be #SECDEF. Now on to full Senate for vote! My statement on President Obama's decision to commute the sentence of Private #Manning.pic.twitter.com/WiE6sUdwRr #ICYMI, I joined Arthel Neville on @FoxNews to discuss the process for reviewing #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump's cabinet nominees.pic.twitter.com/eLyHt359Ok Today we remember Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.—a true American hero. Let's work together to continue to realize Dr. King’s dream. #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/RY345PKqGc Condolences to the family of @KaladiBrothers CFO Dale Tran, an active & beloved member of the Alaska community.  … In @SASCMajority hearing, I had opportunity to ask Gen. #Mattis about #SouthChinaSea, Russian #Arctic build-up, other challenges. #SECDEFpic.twitter.com/AuCJdP21kD Gen. Mattis understands & respects Constitution, and has admiration of our service members. I look forward to voting for his confirmation. In these times in which our adversaries no longer fear us & our allies no longer trust us, General #Mattis is uniquely qualified to serve. Today I joined 80 of my #Senate colleagues in voting for a waiver enabling retired General James Mattis to serve as our next #SECDEF. We must reduce cost of healthcare without growing size of government, & ultimately provide greater affordability and choice for Alaskans. In new Congress, I'm committed to working w/colleagues of both parties on orderly transition w/ market-oriented, patient-centered reforms. The Affordable Care Act is not affordable for thousands of Alaskans. Doing nothing was not an option. #Obamacare #ACA With skyrocketing premiums and  deductibles & 1 provider left on exchange, #Alaska healthcare system is in downward spiral. #Obamacare #ACA President Obama's promises have not proven to be true for millions across our country – and Alaska is ground zero. #Obamacare #ACA In 09, Pres. Obama said, "If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.” #ObamaCare Early this morning, the Senate took the first major step toward repealing the #ACA, keeping our promise to the American people. #ObamaCare Getting ready to question Gen. James #Mattis, #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump’s nominee to lead the Defense Department, in @SASCMajority hearing.pic.twitter.com/txw1z8Wl0w Condolences to family on passing of Ms. Josephine “Jo” Ke-A who faithfully served #veterans free coffee at Anchorage VA clinic for 19 years.pic.twitter.com/YIWnkYjlen Sec. #Army designee Viola & I agreed: @USArmy force structure is much too small. We must increase size & improve readiness of ground forces. We discussed importance of #Alaska's strategically positioned @USArmy forces, incl. 1-25 Stryker Brigade in Interior and 4-25 IBCT at JBER.pic.twitter.com/JFVva5n6Vf I had a productive meeting w/ Vincent Viola, #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump's designee as Secretary of the #Army.pic.twitter.com/6oSANp7cbU Appreciate House's passage of #REINSAct, a major step toward reining in out-of-control federal agencies. … Honored to recognize my first "Alaskan of the week," the talented Tlingit writer & 2017 #Alaska Writer Laureate Ernestine Hayes.pic.twitter.com/iMuKaN1Mtu #ICYMI, I joined @EricShawnTV on @FoxNews to discuss the recently released intelligence report on the 2016 Russian hack.pic.twitter.com/I4yGNyBvdD Wishing #Alaska legends, Urban Rahoi, of Fairbanks and George Brown, of Anchorage - both veteran WWII pilots - a very Happy Birthday!pic.twitter.com/tzOUJL4jX0 I also stressed to AG @ScottPruittOK importance of #EPA serving hardworking Alaskans & Americans, rather than the coastal elites. We discussed much-needed water & wastewater infrastructure funding & need to lift burdensome regulatory/mitigation requirements. #EPA AG @ScottPruittOK has clear vision: return #EPA to role of reasonably implementing laws, protecting environment w/o stifling development. As a member of @SenateCommerce Committee, I will work w/ incoming @CommerceGov Sec. Ross to ensure #Alaska remains superpower of seafood. #Alaska is superpower of seafood thanks to science-based management & hard-working Alaska fishermen. I was impressed w/ Mr. Ross’s knowledge on variety of issues–trade, infrastructure, permitting reform–& his business experience in #Alaska.pic.twitter.com/kccwFJQSbj Wilbur Ross, #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump’s Commerce Sec. nominee, discussed w/ me importance of #Alaska fisheries to state&national economy.pic.twitter.com/5uPUxUyrC1 I’ve long been impressed by @ScottPruittOK's legal analysis & incisive refutation of lawless overreach seen from Obama #EPA these past 8 yrspic.twitter.com/wWNe2zh9iR Met with Oklahoma AG @ScottPruittOK, Pres. Elect @realDonalTrump’s nominee to head #EPA. Look forward to his speedy confirmation.pic.twitter.com/ivVSFUhDit Gen. #Mattis deserves swift confirmation so he can refocus our military on its primary mission: to close with & destroy the enemy. #SECDEF I also highlighted critical role of the F-35 to our nation’s defense & need for deeper engagement in #Arctic & Asia-Pacific. #Mattis #SECDEF General “Mad Dog” #Mattis & I today discussed Alaska’s strategic location and the importance of a robust missile defense system.pic.twitter.com/Vo0aj1I2e0 It’s not every day I get to have another Marine Corps infantry officer in my office discussing national security issues. @USMC #Mattispic.twitter.com/xLz3iIEE6X Joined @SquawkCNBC to discuss investigations into the recent large-scale #Russia hack. @JoeSquawk #cyberattackspic.twitter.com/snUzJslmpU Intel Dir. Clapper among those testifying in #Senate Armed Services on growing #cyberattacks against US, including by #Russia & China. #SASCpic.twitter.com/Gd2ZImmPMT I had the pleasure of meeting with Gov. @NikkiHaley of South Carolina, nominee to be U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.pic.twitter.com/eLnDu5xLTw Proud of my 5 exceptional Fall 2016 interns. To learn more about interning in my DC office, go to:  …pic.twitter.com/ZEqwSr8OfM 58 years ago today, as a result of tremendous work by Alaskans & many Americans who saw our great potential, #Alaska became the 49th state.pic.twitter.com/oyXJPThNfi We enjoyed skiing in Girdwood & seeing the stunning annual torchlight parade down Mt. Alyeska. Wishing you & your family a #HappyNewYear!pic.twitter.com/hItsIMNekg Julie and I wish Alaska’s “Frozen Chosen” a happy and peaceful #Hanukkah as we approach the final night of the Festival of Lights.pic.twitter.com/e4JWi9vSo9 The WIIN Act will provide $300 M over 5 years and will "disproportionately benefit #Alaska," @SenDanSullivan says.  "For today in the city of David there has been born for you a Savior, who is Christ the Lord." Merry #Christmas from the Sullivan family!pic.twitter.com/4ri2iFyyb4 Alaskans - serving as your senator is the honor of a lifetime. Wishing you a happy first day of #Hanukkah and a peaceful #Christmas Eve.pic.twitter.com/lHwXdLV2Ms Senate’s least senior member, @SenDanSullivan, reflects on moving up to 93rd   by @lruskinpic.twitter.com/5liJRTn0xx Honored to present Mark Boberick of Fairbanks w/ Vietnam Service Medal he earned, but waited 30yrs to receive. Thank you for your service!pic.twitter.com/vLgfmqoTZJ Joined by ~20 Denali Elementary students to congratulate our newest fellow American citizens at their naturalization ceremony in Anchorage.pic.twitter.com/W75seVL8pr This is hopefully last act of a callous presidency, 1 that lacks any regard for our economic future or hardworking #Alaska families. #Arcticpic.twitter.com/qp0ppOujJC President betrayed Alaskans, especially those living in the #Arctic who weren't consulted before this offshore ban:  … Had a great time at Elmendorf-Richardson's USO pancake breakfast, thanking some of our nation’s finest and their families for serving us.pic.twitter.com/JyL31P7Q5H Shared lunch today with two Alaska legends: Lucky Wishbone founder & WWII vet George Brown, & renowned KTUU news anchor Steve MacDonald.pic.twitter.com/dGxky7i6BO Julie and I were #FreezinForAReason for the #PolarPlungeAK at Goose Lake in Anchorage to support the mission and athletes of @SpecialOlymAK.pic.twitter.com/PF8uGsR0I4 Agree w/ PACOM Admiral Harris: “We will not allow a shared domain to be closed down unilaterally no matter how many bases are built...” Freedom of the Seas has been a core national interest of US since founding, & a foundational principle of the post-WWII international order. Regardless of attempts by Chinese leaders to militarize #SouthChinaSea, US should to fly, sail, & operate there & wherever int’l law allows. Despite promises 2 halt cyber-attacks, theft of US intellect. property & militarization of S. China Sea, China’s actions speak much louder. Deeply disturbed by reports of China installing weapons systems on contested #SouthChinaSea islands. … Chatted recently w/ members of #Alaska Guard's 212th Rescue Squadron (RQS) who stand guard whenever their unsurpassed skills are needed.pic.twitter.com/kihSuuekOC Took in sights & smells of Captain Cook's incredible Christmas gingerbread village with the creator himself, master pastry chef Joe Hickel.pic.twitter.com/boVAJ5WJ0C Today we said goodbye to our military fellow, Dave "Ghost" Deptula. Couldn't have asked for a more knowledgeable, driven & congenial fellow.pic.twitter.com/TCmUS3G8Ud Deeply saddened to learn of passing of fmr #Alaska legislator Mike Kelly, a passionate & principled public servant.  … I appreciate my colleagues coming together to pass the FY17 #NDAA, ensuring our military members have what they need to defend our nation.pic.twitter.com/C539PXGNoG “Oh, that view is tremendous!" –#JohnGlenn, during his 1st orbit. Because of him, that view is even more tremendous for all of us. #JohnGlenn was also a decorated veteran, serving as a fighter pilot during World War II and the Korean War. #JohnGlenn & his fellow astronauts inaugurated a golden age of exploration, expanding our horizons to encompass limitless boundaries space. As the 1st American to orbit the earth, #JohnGlenn captured the imagination of the world, and buoyed the resolve of Americans to dream big. Today we mourn the loss of #JohnGlenn – an astronaut, Marine, senator and true American hero.pic.twitter.com/hUuIsr6zbO The nomination of AG Pruitt sends a strong signal that the #EPA will be returned to its congressionally defined scope of authority. AG Pruitt has stepped up time and again to defend his constituents when the federal government overreaches. Americans want clean air & clean water. But they don't want out-of-control agencies issuing endless regs more about control than environment In @EPWMaj hearings, AG Pruitt impressed w/ his eloquent legal analysis & incisive refutation of Pres. Obama's lawless EPA overreach. I commend President-elect @realDonaldTrump on choosing Oklahoma AG Scott Pruitt to be our next #EPA Administrator.  … 75 years ago at #PearlHarbor, America experienced one its darkest days. We remember those we lost & many who answered our nation's call.pic.twitter.com/HqSu81LgcI My staff members are doing a great job gathering #ToysforTots! Keep an eye out for donation boxes in your community.pic.twitter.com/6w1yeEZrzR Saddened 2 learn of passing of legendary #Alaska painter Byron Birdsall. His unique perspective of the Last Frontier will always be with us. The Rebuild America Now Act would prevent billions from being wasted in red tape/litigation, make it easier to overhaul U.S. infrastructure. My bill will include a builder's & worker's bill of rights, requiring timely permitting decisions, and transparency from federal agencies. Rebuild America Now Act would limit sue-and-settle practices used by radical groups to abuse the judicial system, delay projects to death. This simple one-in one-out rule on federal regulations has been successfully implemented in the UK and Canada. #RegulationNation My bill would also cap regulations, requiring old regs to be eliminated for every new reg enacted by a federal agency (RED Tape Act). Rebuild America Now Act would (2) create 1-stop shop for environmental reviews, ensuring projects don't get bogged down by endless agencies. In new Congress, I will introduce the Rebuild America Now Act - (1) establishes time limits for approval/denial of permits for good cause. President-elect @realDonaldTrump is set to reverse Obama Admin's abysmal permitting record. Members of Congress should join this effort. Labor leader Terry O'Sullivan, with @LIUNA, called Pres. Obama's actions a “cynical manipulation of the approval process.” #RegulationNation #KeystoneXL languished in permitting purgatory for two Obama terms before the President finally killed it in 2015. #RegulationNation Obama Admin's capricious permitting was part of why @Shell halted its #Alaska operations, stranding resources and killing 1000s of jobs. It took @Shell 7 years and $7 billion to get White House permission to drill a single exploration well off #Alaska coast. #RegulationNation The problems of the U.S. regulatory state have grown for decades. #RegulationNationpic.twitter.com/u7oCAEDSiv Todd Hauptli of @aaaedelivers testified before @senatecommerce, "It took longer to build that runway than the Great Pyramids of Egypt." It took 4 yrs to construct a new SeaTac Airport runway - but it took 15 YEARS to get the permits. #RegulationNation It will have taken 14 yrs to permit Gross Reservoir expansion in Colorado; 20 yrs to permit Alaska's Kensington Mine.  #RegulationNation New US highways today take between 9 and 19 years from initial planning and permitting to completion of construction. #RegulationNation We used to b envy of world in building projects: Pentagon built in 16 months, 1,500-mile ALCAN in 8 months. Not so, today. #RegulationNation America's much-needed roads, bridges, airports, pipelines & rail lines too often hit federal regulatory roadblocks… … I am eager to continue working with my friends and colleagues in the freshman class on moving America forward in the new Congress. … How to put building permits on a fast track, writes @SenDanSullivan:  I look forward to working w/ colleagues on both sides of aisle to ensure Mattis has swift confirmation, incl. statutory waivers. Semper Fi! General Mattis believes in importance of our allies & will bring a warrior’s ethos to address challenges of an increasingly dangerous world. After a 1-on-1 meeting w/ Gen. Mattis, I have every confidence he will bring @USMC virtues of honor, courage & commitment to #SECDEF role. As a Marine & member of Senate Armed Services, I commend Pres-elect @realDonaldTrump on his inspired choice of General Mattis as #SECDEF. Another #Alaska #NHL great is hanging up his skates. Congratulations, Matt Carle, on an impressive career. … Had a great time w/ volunteers at Crosspoint Community Church, which this year is serving nearly 500 turkeys to families in need.pic.twitter.com/93CPoGz1fN Proud to conduct re-enlistment ceremony for JBER's CMSgt. David Wolfe who joined @USAirForce in 1997 & plans to retire at end of this tour.pic.twitter.com/yJgw0U9mZ8 Congrats Paul Campbell, of Chester Valley, one of 35 teachers nationwide to receive prestigious Milken Award!   … Honored to visit with true hero, #Marine Colonel Hall Campbell, recipient of the Navy Cross, who fought in many Pacific battles of WWII.pic.twitter.com/g1ieV8B6nM Alaskans, a family in the Mat-Su needs our help. David Grunwald has been missing since Nov. 13. If you have an info, call 800.478.9333.pic.twitter.com/GPzxxZ5y7f Honored to be adopted into Gaanaxteidì Clan of Chilkoot Valley. The Tlingit name I received, “X’aak Éesh,” means “Father of the Valley.”pic.twitter.com/O41xjI9prg Congrats Charity Carmody & Beacon Hill team in Anchorage on receiving Hope Award for Effective Compassion at @Heritage '16 Antipoverty Forumpic.twitter.com/hQqfjyOJ9U Best of luck to all of the bowlers participating this weekend at @SpecialOlymAK Bowling Tournament at Polar Bowl on JBER.pic.twitter.com/BasV4CX5Ag Great insights from @SenDanSullivan on #HISF2016 panel about the role of new global superpowers. @HFXforumpic.twitter.com/FP9Dy1wgSJ #Alaska has promising future in responsible development. I am hopeful w/ incoming Admin. we will be able to reach our potential as a state. Hopefully this is the final chapter in Admin’s harmful legacy of putting the interests of anti-energy activists above hard-working Alaskans. We will work hard to reverse the latest damage the Obama Administration has done to our citizens, economy and future. For nearly 8 years this Administration has given lip service to an "all of the above energy strategy," when their actions say the opposite. In blocking #Alaska OCS lease sales, Obama Admin. is once again capitulating to extreme environmentalists. … I am encouraged by President-elect @realDonaldTrump's nomination of @SenatorSessions, a passionate defender of our Constitution, as next AG. If @POTUS blocks future lease sales in #Alaska OCS, he will be blocking good-paying jobs and economic opportunity for Americans.pic.twitter.com/3VmadPoOuG Fellow Marine @SenPatRoberts took a liking to my Semper Fi-tastic tie as we celebrated the @USMC's 241st birthday on the Hill today.pic.twitter.com/wl72WK4CLX Kudos @AlaskaAir & @WSUPullman on developing  biofuel from tree limbs & branches, a milestone in renewable energy.  … #Alaska is No. 9 in volunteering among the 50 states! Find ways to #GoVolunteer & serve others at:   … @NationalServicepic.twitter.com/PqPkTVsbze Attended the installation Mass of Anchorage's new Archbishop Paul Etienne. I wish him all the best as he leads Alaska's Catholic community.pic.twitter.com/AhNs1KCsKs It has been my privilege to serve so many #Alaska #veterans who embody the virtues of selflessness and patriotism. Happy Veterans Day!pic.twitter.com/L5sIVI6Giy For 241 years, @USMC has proven itself to be one of the greatest fighting forces the world has ever known. Semper Fi. #HappyBirthdayMarinespic.twitter.com/6O5Rzufdhi 