"The only thing we haven't said 'yes' to is job-killing tax increases." -Senator Kyl on CBS' Face the Nation  "Unless the president gets off of his absolute obsession with raising taxes, Republicans are not going to agree to...  "We’re just not going to do that” –Senator Kyl on Democrats' insistence on higher taxes and more spending  GretaWire report: Sen. Kyl comes out swinging against false White House spin on debt talks  Fire recovery tips and resources for residents in Arizona communities affected by the recent wildfires. Please...  “If you want to kill the economy, raise taxes. Are we going to vote to absolutely put another anchor around the...  Tune into FOX News Sunday this weekend to see Senator Kyl discuss the breakdown of the deficit reduction talks and...  Jon Kyl and Leader McConnell on the deficit reduction meetings and the White House and Democrats’ insistence on...  Jon Kyl talks with FOX 10 about the massive fires currently burning in Arizona and what should be done to limit...  "Although the need to suppress fires is not going to go away, it is widely recognized that active forest...  Jon Kyl on the Arizona fires and forest management policy: “The current federal system continues to give funding...  Video of Senator Kyl appearing on FOX News Sunday to say that we must dramatically reduce spending -- not raise...  The Future of American Prosperity  Senator Kyl discusses the enhanced 10-point border security plan that he introduced with Sen. McCain to combat...  Sens. Kyl and McCain on the introduction of their enhanced 10-point border security action plan  Senator Kyl examines reality vs. rhetoric when it comes to reducing spending and a potential government shutdown  “Political correctness cannot stand in the way of identifying those who would do us harm.”  Jon Kyl introducing the PATIENTS Act, a bill aimed at prohibiting health-care rationing under ObamaCare  On CNN Sunday discussing Democrats' failure to seriously reduce government spending   "Democrats just can’t stand the thought of spending less taxpayer dollars."  Interview on President Obama's massive new budget (nearly $4 trillion) and how it fails Americans’ demand for...  Candid, in-depth interview with Senator Kyl about his decision to not seek re-election in 2012, and the work that...  "I really can't explain it any better than to just say, 'My heart says it's time.'"  Video: Senator Kyl announces that he will not seek reelection in 2012  Insightful, far-ranging interview with Senator Kyl by WashPo's Jennifer Rubin  Senator Kyl on the Senate floor honoring the heroes and victims of the heinous shooting in Tucson  More from Senator Kyl on the State of the Union Address on National Review Online  Senator Kyl on the hefty spending agenda outlined by President Obama in last night's SOTU address  Senator Kyl remembering the victims of the shooting attack in Tucson  Senator Kyl on the heinous shooting attack in Tucson today  Senator Kyl tells Greta that the Democrats’ effort to raise the debt ceiling must be met with serious spending...  Watch Senator Kyl this Sunday on CBS' Face The Nation Watch Senator Kyl this Sunday on FOX News Sunday  Video of Senator Kyl speaking out today on Democrats' irresponsible year-end effort to jam through the new START...  FNC's Megyn Kelly and pollster Frank Luntz discuss that Senator Kyl makes the best case for keeping current tax...  Video of Senator Kyl debating the Democrats' tax hike plan and the new START treaty on "Face The Nation"  Video of Senator Kyl talking with FNC's Greta Van Susteren about the Democrats' year-end tax hike and...  In case you missed it...Arizona Republic editorial on White Mountain Apache Water Rights Settlement: "Kyl's...  Watch Senator Kyl this Sunday on CBS' Face The Nation Senator Kyl discussing the new START treaty, TSA “pat-downs” and the Democrats' push for a massive year-end tax...  Watch Senator Kyl this Sunday on NBC's Meet The Press Column on whether Congress will heed the voters' call to cut spending and end the practice of earmarking  Column looking at President Obama’s foreign policy results thus far  Statement on the Senate GOP's proposed moratorium on earmarks...  Reviewing the midterm election results with a look ahead to the next session on Friday’s Arizona Illustrated...  New column on the 30th anniversary of President Reagan's election and how the lessons of his presidency can guide...  New Column: Congress's Unfinished Business  Judiciary Republicans Demand Answers From Napolitano over “Backdoor Amnesty” Memos  on the Ninth Anniversary of the September 11th Attacks  Talking terrorism, the economy and politics with the Nearly Famous Barry Young  Interview with Mike Gallagher on the Ground Zero mosque controversy and the legal challenge of AZ's immigration...  New column:  A Mosque at Ground Zero?  "A compelling case for opposing Elena Kagan’s confirmation to the Supreme Court"  Remarks outlining the reasons for his opposition of Elena Kagan's nomination to serve on the Supreme Court  Discussing immigration enforcement and the DHS amnesty memo on CBS' "Face the Nation"  On the temporary ruling against AZ’s immigration enforcement law: “The decision was not sound...we hope that we...  Announcing that he will oppose the nomination of Elena Kagan to serve on the Supreme Court  Senator Kyl on the Senate floor: The recess appointment of Donald Berwick  Interview with Chris Wallace on AZ's immigration law, border security, Obama's controversial recess appointment of...  On the Obama Administration's lawsuit against the State of Arizona and its immigration law  Kyl responds to Obama's immigration speech  Kagan confirmation hearings - day one - analysis from National Review Online  Opening remarks at the confirmation hearings for Elena Kagan  Breaking news: Arizona IS a border state  Appearing "On the Record" with Sen. McCain to talk about our recent border tour & the growing violence that area...  ABC 15 news report looks at who is actually crossing illegally into the U.S.  Senators Kyl and McCain share the pleas and concerns expressed by Southern Arizona residents during their recent...  Kyl responds to White House officials' denial of Oval Office conversation  New column: Medicare and the new Health Care Law: Separating Fact from Fiction  Fox News all-stars discuss Kyl's town hall remarks and whether or not Obama is using border security as a...  FNC report on whether Obama is using border security as a bargaining chip to get comprehensive immigration reform.  News report of Kyl's recent border tour and town hall meeting in Douglas, Arizona  Kyl response to White House denials of its immigration strategy:  “What I said occurred did occur”  FNC interview on the White House's new border security plan  On Obama's plan to send 1,200 National Guard troops to the border: "A weak start"  Obama attends Senate GOP policy meeting, Kyl raises comments made by the administration about the new Arizona...  FNC reports on Senator Kyl's letter asking DHS to clarify some troubling comments made Obama's Immigration chief,...  Kyl, McCain call on Posner to Retract Comments Likening Arizona’s Immigration Statute to China’s Human Rights Abuses  FNC's Griff Jenkins caught up with Senator Kyl to ask about his call for the National Guard to help secure the...  Another visit on the Jon Justice Show to discuss the Kagan nomination, border security and the divisive ethnic...  Discussing the Kagan nomination on Sunday's "Face The Nation"  Talking with Greta about the new Supreme Court nominee, Elena Kagan  On the Mike Gallagher Show discussing leadership, and the lack of it, on border security and immigration enforcement  Named one of the 100 world's most influential people by Time magazine  Interview with Dennis Prager on Arizona's "Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods" law aimed at...  Telling FNC's Greta Van Susteren about Arizona's escalating border violence and the need for immediate federal action.  3TV news report on the 10-point border security plan by Sens. Kyl and McCain. Read the entire plan at...  Remarks from Senator Kyl on what Arizonans told him during the recent congressional recess  Discussing the next Supreme Court vacancy on ABC's "This Week"  Video of Senator Kyl delivering the GOP's weekly address  Here's another ugly surprise hidden inside the ObamaCare law...  Jon Kyl on the GOP strategy to repeal ObamaCare and replace with better ideas and targeted solutions  Responding to Democrats' false claims about ObamaCare  Updating the Hugh Hewitt Show on the ObamaCare "reconciliation" bill  On CNN discussing what happens next with ObamaCare.  On ObamaCare's passage and how Democrats are already trying to change it with a reconciliation bill.  Deconstructing ObamaCare on the Dennis Miller Show.  FNC interview on the "deem-and-pass" strategy that Democrats may use to pass ObamaCare without a vote.  On the Hugh Hewitt Show discussing the Democrats' new plan to "deem" ObamaCare as passed, rather than take an...  Letter from Jon Kyl in today's NY Times responding to Paul Krugman on unemployment benefits and job creation  On FNC discussing what is likely to happen should the House of Representatives pass the Senate version of ObamaCare...  On the Jon Justice Show talking about the Democrats' final push for ObamaCare, whether government unemployment...  Jon Kyl talks with Greta about Democrats' plan to use reconciliation maneuver to pass ObamaCare  Video of interview on CNN's "State of the Union"  New interview on President Obama's planned televised White House meeting aimed at reviving ObamaCare and the...  Weekly column on nuclear energy and the President's call during his State of the Union address for new nuclear...  On the Dennis Prager Show, discussing what could still happen with the health care bill  How the election of Scott Brown to the US Senate will impact the Democrats' agenda on health care  Talking politics, health care and national security with FOX 10's John Hook  Reviewing Obama's first year: "Taking stock now a year later, it is apparent the President has not delivered the...  Weekly column on Democrats' special deals to pass ObamaCare  Video of a townhall meeting with Jon Kyl recently held in Oro Valley, AZ  News report of a recent townhall with Jon Kyl in Oro Valley, AZ  Interview on on Arizona Illustrated talking health care, national security and the so-called "virtual" border fence  Jon Kyl appearing on FOX News Sunday debates the Obama administration's poor handling of the Christmas Day terror...  Senators Kyl & McCain react to the Obama administration's handling of the Christmas Day terrorist attack  Remarks on the Democrats' desire to borrow even more money than we already owe to pay for their spending spree  Jon Kyl tells listeners of the Dennis Prager Show to keep up the fight against ObamaCare  Jon Kyl pointing out the real cost and dangers of the Senate ObamaCare bill  Video of Jon Kyl on ABC's "This Week" debating ObamaCare and the sweetheart deals Democrats cut to get 60 votes  Jon Kyl at press conference on Democrats' sweetheart deals in ObamaCare   Tune in Sunday morning to ABC "This Week"  Interview on the Mark Levin Show about the GOP's strategy on the Senate ObamaCare bill  The Hill: Kyl pledges GOP still won't vote for health bill, despite compromise  New column on the Senate effort to defeat ObamaCare  On the massive omnibus spending bill, runaway unemployment and debt...  On the Hugh Hewitt Show, answering concern and criticism that Senate Republicans may not be doing everything they...  Key interview on the grave consequences for Americans if ObamaCare passes and what Senate Republicans are doing to...  New remarks on deals Democrats make to roundup votes for ObamaCare  Telephone townhall with Jon Kyl, hosted by the Tucson Tea Party  "State of the Union" discussion on Afghanistan timelines and ObamaCare  Interview on the Hugh Hewitt Show regarding ObamaCare  New remarks on Democrat-proposed Medicare cuts to pay for ObamaCare  Analysis of President Obama's plan for the war in Afghanistan  Kyl talks with radio host Dennis Prager about the start of the Senate's debate of ObamaCare  Sen. Kyl on the Senate floor relaying concerns heard from Arizonans about cuts in Medicare under the Democrats'...  New column on the fictional success of the Democrats' economic stimulus bill  FOX News Sunday interview on the way to win in Afghanistan  Interview on the Barry Young Show on health care, Afghanistan, more...  New column on civilian trials for terrorists  "Face the Nation" debate on the Senate ObamaCare bill  Post-vote statement on measure to advance Senate ObamaCare bill  Interview with CNBC's Larry Kudlow on the price paid to get all 60 Democrats to support Senate ObamaCare vote  FNC interview previewing Saturday's vote on Senate ObamaCare bill  