This past June, 110lbs of illicit fentanyl was found in barrels shipped from China to Philly. Enough to kill every Pennsylvanian twice. @DelcoTimes has more on my work w/@SenDougJones to stop China & others from sending deadly fentanyl here.  Correctional officers should be able to defend themselves from the criminals who wish to attack them. Modifying existing rules to permit them to carry a firearm while they commute to and from work would  certainly go a long way to achieving this goal.   The murder of Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati underscores the danger that correctional officers face every day. With this verdict, justice was served for Lt. Albarati’s family, but more can and should be done to try and prevent future tragedies like this one.   Illicit fentanyl can be 50X as potent as heroin. A tiny amount can kill a person, including 1st responders who may be exposed when attending to an OD victim/crime scene. In Delco, I spoke about my bill w @SenDougJones to keep fentanyl out of the US. More:  pic.twitter.com/241nxgn0Gf Multiple people reportedly have been shot in Fayette County, including a Masontown police officer. I ask everyone to join me in keeping each of the victims in your thoughts. … Wishing all those observing Yom Kippur an easy fast and a good and sweet year.pic.twitter.com/634ZR84WX9 Far too many Pennsylvania families have directly felt the wrath of the opioid and heroin crisis. The Senate just passed a bipartisan bill to tackle the issue, including a provision I wrote to reduce repeat overdoses. Read more:  231 years ago today, our forefathers gathered in Philadelphia to sign the United States Constitution, the framework for the greatest experiment in self-governance the world has ever known. #ConstitutionDaypic.twitter.com/I5rZEeUD9H Mike Pintek was a terrific guy and I always enjoyed our lively conversations. @KDKARadio will not be the same without him. My deepest condolences to his family, friends, and loved ones.  Today, we honor and remember those we lost seventeen years ago. We must never forget that terrible day, nor the countless acts of selflessness and bravery that would come to represent our national resolve. God bless the memories of those who perished, and God bless America.pic.twitter.com/hwuqATT49d To everyone celebrating #RoshHashanah, wishing you a good and sweet year.pic.twitter.com/BUgsO3AGUw Judge Horan’s intellect, experience, & character make her well-suited to serve as a U.S. District Judge for the Western District of PA. I am pleased that Judge Horan was confirmed by the Senate & am confident she will serve the people of Pennsylvania well.  Each September, we celebrate Labor Day to recognize the unparalleled contribution America's workforce has made to our national prosperity. I wish everyone a happy and healthy Labor Day, a time to enjoy the company of family, friends, and loved ones. #LaborDaypic.twitter.com/ObS5Q2N5Is The ITC’s ruling to end this financial burden on publishers across Pennsylvania is the right one.   An unnecessary tax on newsprint could have been a death knell for many jobs in the newspaper and publishing industries, both of which are already facing significant challenges. As such, I’m pleased to see the U.S. International Trade Commission has unanimously ruled against the administration’s harmful tax on newsprint imported from Canada. American companies must be allowed to adequately and fairly source materials, especially when those items are not produced in sufficient quantities domestically. Just heard @CommerceGov approved 1 of @CP_Industries' tariff exclusion petitions. I was happy to back a SWPA manufacturer & its workers on this effort. On behalf of the remaining 37 PA firms harmed by these taxes, I urge the Dept. to redouble its efforts:  Taxes on imported steel are hurting construction of the Shell cracker plant in SW PA. This project supports thousands of high-paying jobs and econ growth in the region. @SecretaryRoss must exempt US firms from these harmful taxes and quotas.  Senator McCain led a life that should be admired and respected by all Americans. I am proud to have called him a friend. Kris and I send our deepest sympathies to Cindy and the entire McCain family. And for more than thirty years, Senator McCain fought for Arizonans in the Senate. Most importantly, Senator McCain was not afraid to fight for what he thought was right, even when it was unpopular. But most of all Senator McCain was a fighter. He fought for his country in Vietnam. He fought for his brothers in arms while being held as prisoners of war. Today is a sad day for the Senate and America. Senator John McCain was a hero and one of our nation’s greatest patriots. POTUS’s taxes on imported steel are hurting econ growth & job creation. That is why I sent another letter to the Admin listing 37 PA firms harmed by these unnecessary taxes. I will continue working w/ my colleagues to restore Congress's trade powers.  My prayers are with John, and the entire McCain family right now. I wish them all peace and comfort in this most difficult time. I was humbled to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony for Tech. Sgt. John Chapman, who gave his life in 2002 serving our country. We must never forget the sacrifice armed services members make to defend the freedoms & liberties we hold most dear.  In case you missed it, @DCExaminer profiles my work to expand prosperity for all Pennsylvanians and my role in the biggest legislative issues of this Congress.  A huge congratulations to Johnstown's own Martella's Pharmacy baseball team who are the 2018 @aaababaseball Champions! With a 3-2 win over the New Orleans Boosters, Johnstown won it’s first championship in the tournament's 74 year history!  Had a great time traveling through the western part of the state this week. During stops in Warren, Forest, Venango, and Mercer Counties, I had the chance to talk to a lot of great community leaders about issues facing their citizens.pic.twitter.com/GvAiM5b2p5 While in Berks Co. yesterday, I stopped by to speak to the folks at @ReadingEagle. I enjoyed our wide-ranging conversation, which touched on everything from Judge Kavanaugh to common-sense gun reform. Read more about our conversation-  Pennsylvania lost a great man with the passing of Gerry Lenfest. Through his work and generosity, Gerry left an indelible mark on Philadelphia and our entire commonwealth. His contributions are rightly, universally admired. My condolences to his family, friends, and colleagues. Join me for another telephone town hall beginning ~4:30. Questions or comments can be left below, or at this link—where you can also listen in:   Barring votes, I’ll be hosting a town hall at ~4:30 today. Be on the lookout for details about how to participate. Feel free to leave questions in the comments below. I'll be hosting another telephone town hall tomorrow at ~4:30 PM. These town halls are a great opportunity to hear what issues matter to you, and share the latest on what I'm working on down in D.C. Details to come. I look forward to following Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearing and I intend to support his nomination when it comes to the Senate floor. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will give Judge Kavanaugh fair consideration so that Republicans & Democrats can work together to confirm this highly qualified jurist. Judge Kavanaugh understands that the proper role of a judge is to apply neutrally the law, including the U.S. Constitution, as written, & not to decide cases based on personal or partisan policy  preferences. I was very pleased to meet with Judge Kavanaugh this morning. Based on my review of his record and our conversation, it is clear to me that Judge Kavanaugh has the character, intellect, experience, & judicial philosophy to be an outstanding Supreme Court Justice.pic.twitter.com/GqUXhc4fs8 Eliminating tariffs and breaking down trade barriers between the US and the EU would enhance our bilateral trading relationship and make both our peoples more prosperous. I support @POTUS and President Juncker's efforts to make this a reality. ICYMI: I joined @mitchellreports on @MSNBC today to discuss the bailout for farmers who’ve been hurt by the administration’s misguided trade policies. Watch:  The U.S. Department of Agriculture is trying to put a band-aid on a self-inflicted wound. The administration clobbers farmers with an unnecessary trade war then attempts to assuage them with taxpayer handouts. This bailout compounds bad policy with more bad policy. Putin’s attempts to undermine our elections should be continuously met with swift & strong repercussions by Congress/White House. Read letter from @ChrisVanHollen & me urging @USTreasury to take action against the 12 Russians indicted by @TheJusticeDept:   Vladimir Putin & those acting at his direction meddled in our 2016 presidential election. Accordingly, @USTreasury should again exercise the tools it has at its disposal & penalize those identified as carrying out this attack on our country. Happy #NationalPennsylvaniaDay! Check out this list of 9 reasons Pennsylvania rocks the U.S. Capitol:  …pic.twitter.com/EflB44sG1b Monitoring the situation at Letterkenny Army Depot in Franklin County. My staff and I have been in contact with the @USArmy and are awaiting more information. My thoughts are with those who are injured, their families, and the entire Letterkenny community.  Link to join my teletown hall here:   I've been hearing from a lot of constituents this week on everything that's going on in Washington. Setting up a teletown hall this AM to speak with you about news from D.C.. We'll go live ~10:50, link to come soon. Will also take Qs from Twitter and Facebook. .@POTUS' blindness to Putin’s hostile acts against the US and our allies—election meddling included—is very troubling. Please read my statement in reaction to today’s Helsinki press conference:pic.twitter.com/7JGtcfg9ph Absent his cooperation in achieving that justice, the United States should impose tough new sanctions on Russia. Putin insists that the Russian government has nothing to do with meddling in our elections. In that case, he should not object to the hackers recently indicted being brought to justice. it’s clear that Putin is a bad actor and should be treated as an international pariah. Whether it's protecting the hackers responsible for this crime, committing numerous human rights violations, invading Ukraine, annexing Crimea, supporting the Iranian regime, taking hostile actions in Syria, or threatening peaceful European neighbors, American intelligence agencies have confirmed, unequivocally, that Russian actors, almost certainly at the direction of the Russian government and Vladimir Putin, meddled in our 2016 presidential election. During the #NetNeutrality debate, bad actors abused @FCC's comment filing system, submitting fake opinions from ppl like @SenJeffMerkley + me. Thank you @AjitPaiFCC for giving this issue your full attention & pledging to improve the FCC web site.   Yesterday's vote for my proposal w/@SenBobCorker shows the broad bipartisan support for reasserting Congress’ constitutional responsibility on trade. Falsely claiming ‘national security’ to levy tariffs, i.e. taxes, just hurts American consumers/workers:   About to join @SquawkCNBC to discuss the need for Congress to reassert its constitutional authority on ‘national defense’ tariffs.pic.twitter.com/fxvmbuc9rg Heading to the floor in a few minutes to discuss my and @SenBobCorker's amendment to restore Congress's authority on national security related tariffs.  The Senate will hold a test vote today on our efforts with @SenToomey, @JeffFlake and others to ensure Congress plays a role in the implementation of national security-designated tariffs. This is a good first step and will get the Senate on the record on this critical issue. My statement on President Trump nominating Brett Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.pic.twitter.com/8hDTcMHrrO Had a very interesting conversation with some of the great individuals who work at the Drueding Center, a Philadelphia organization that helps those in need with transitional housing and child care.pic.twitter.com/1j2WwpqTPB It was a pleasure to meet with Drs. Donald Generals and Judith Gay from the Community College of Philadelphia. They're working diligently to teach students the skills demanded by employers.pic.twitter.com/bU82iD84p4 242 years ago, our founding fathers convened in Philadelphia to adopt a declaration of independence, beginning the greatest experiment in self-governance the world has ever known. As we celebrate today with friends and family, I wish everyone a happy and safe #IndependenceDay.pic.twitter.com/BZ14qPQ6VU Vietnam veterans did not receive the recognition they deserved upon returning home. I'm working to make it right. It was an honor to be in Lackawanna Co. to thank some of these brave Americans for their service, sacrifice, and valor.  pic.twitter.com/fwQIH028ve  SUNDAY: @margbrennan questions @SenToomey   Toomey is among the GOP senators who have challenged @realDonaldTrump over his tariffs, warning it would  "hurt American workers, employers and consumers"   Don't miss @FaceTheNation  pic.twitter.com/xZMjGpzUHm Moreover, whoever is nominated should understand the proper role of a judge is to apply the law, including the U.S. Constitution, as written. I look forward to meeting with the President’s choice in the coming weeks. In the coming weeks, President Trump will announce a nominee to fill this vacancy on the Supreme Court. This person should be committed to the rule of law and ensuring everyone is treated fairly under it. Justice Anthony Kennedy has admirably served our nation for the past 30 years as a Supreme Court Justice. He will be remembered as a thoughtful and fair jurist. I thank Justice Kennedy for his service and wish him nothing but the best in the future. As any pet owner knows, our cats & dogs can be more than just animals--they are our companions, helpers, & family. There is no room in our society for the despicable trade of cat & dog meat for human consumption. Read about my amendment w/@SenGillibrand:   More than 270 business and agriculture groups today sent a letter urging my colleagues to support legislation I authored with @SenToomey to require congressional approval of national security-designated tariffs. See the full list and read the letter here:  .pic.twitter.com/1ycDWxD72Z ICYMI: I joined @BloombergTV this afternoon to explain why it’s a bad idea for the administration to claim 'national security' as a reason to impose tariffs on steel from our closest allies. These taxes only harm American consumers + workers.  We have lost a great mind, a great conservative and a great American. I, like millions of Americans, will miss the wit and wisdom of Charles Krauthammer. My statement on President Trump's decision to end the practice of separating children from their parents when they attempt to enter the United States illegally.pic.twitter.com/NcZkYIKcrO I've seen first-hand the important work that is carried out by the employees at York’s BAE facility. The USMC has made a great decision & I have no doubt that these vehicles will be well-crafted and help our Marines safely carry out their missions.  Sen. Toomey to Commerce Sec. Wilbur Ross: "I wish we would stop invoking national security, because that's not what this is about. This is about economic nationalism and an economic policy of managing trade." Sen. @PatToomey tells Ross that $KHZ moved some @HeinzKetchup_US manufacturing to Pennsylvania from Canada - but could move back now that Canada plans to tax American ketchup as retaliation for steel and aluminum tariffs. Agree with @MarcoRubio. Congress should act. … The greatest job I’ve ever had, and will ever have, is being a dad. Wishing all of my fellow dads out there a very happy #FathersDay. PA is home to nearly a million veterans who served in every conflict from WWII to the War on Terror. They deserve our thanks and our gratitude. Yesterday, my staff in western PA was honored to recognize the service of our Vietnam War veterans.pic.twitter.com/ZGfOHd81e9 ICYMI: I joined @TeamCavuto to discuss why I believe using national security as a rationale to impose tariffs on our allies is a bad idea. Watch:  For 243 years, soldiers in the @USArmy have defended our freedoms & liberties, fought for our independence, & liberated millions around the globe from tyranny. Thank you to those who have served & are serving our nation. #ArmyBDay … We’re about to vote on my CFIUS amendment to the NDAA. Here’s why I think Congress should have to approve any major new regulations written by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States:   Thoughts are with those injured during last night’s storm in NEPA. My office has been and will continue to be in touch with the authorities overseeing the damaged areas. Thanks to the more than 30 police, fire, and EMS organizations that responded. In 1949, Pennsylvania’s own @CollierTownship held the very first formal observance of Flag Day. Our flag is central to our nation’s history and is known as a symbol of freedom around the world.pic.twitter.com/6o0wBhh8wk I joined @marcorubio & @SenBillNelson in cosponsoring a resolution to honor the memories of the lives lost 2 years ago at Orlando’s Pulse Nightclub.pic.twitter.com/jzSf6ZIHV0 Happy to see @united2026 was selected to host the #FIFAWorldCup! Not only will @ussoccer get an automatic bid, but Philadelphia has a great chance of being one of the host cities. Several colleagues & I expressed our support for this bid in February:   … Congratulations @SenateMajLdr on becoming the longest-serving majority leader in the history of the caucus.  Together, the Republican Conference has accomplished a lot and we’re just getting started! Larry Kudlow is a good friend and my thoughts are with him and his family tonight as he recovers at Walter Reed Medical Center. .@POTUS: "No tariffs, no barriers...and no subsidies [between the U.S. and other G7 countries]." I agree. This should be our trade policy. Invasion of Ukraine, annexation of Crimea, hostile actions in Syria, and meddling in our elections - Russia should be disqualified from the G7 until misbehaviors end. I spoke with the @WSJ's Paul Gigot for @JERonFNC. Be sure to watch our conversation on trade and why levying taxes on American consumers in the name of 'national security' is a very bad idea. Airing at 3PM on @FoxNews Saturday and Sunday. Today, @SenDougJones and I introduced a bipartisan amendment to the NDAA to protect the children of servicemembers from pedophiles in schools. Read more:  pic.twitter.com/0RoFI2Jjy6 “Our constituents will have to pay higher prices for the products that are subject to these taxes.” -@SenToomey on proposed auto tariffs … PA has many cities and towns with great history, culture, and beauty. One, Latrobe, was just named to @smithsonian's 20 best small towns to visit in 2018! Fun facts: Latrobe is the birthplace of Arnold Palmer, Mr. Rogers, and the banana split:  .@SenBobCorker, @SenatorHeitkamp, @MarkWarner, @SenAlexander, @SenBrianSchatz, @SenRonJohnson, @ChrisVanHollen, @SenMikeLee, and @JeffFlake have signed on. I hope other colleagues join this bipartisan common-sense effort as well.   By passing legislation to require congressional approval of national security-designated tariffs, Congress can reassert its constitutional responsibility (Art 1, Sec 8, Clauses 1 & 3) on trade & ensure Americans can keep buying affordable products & keep selling our goods abroad. The decision to use these taxes should not be taken lightly or unilaterally. Tariffs are taxes on American consumers. They hurt American workers, families, and employers. Imposing them under the false pretense of ‘national security’ weakens our economy, our credibility with other nations, and invites retaliation. Our commitment to veterans means always improving health care provided by the VA. The bipartisan #VAMISSIONAct seeks to give veterans more control over health care decisions & access to the best treatment possible. I’m glad @POTUS signed this important legislation into law. 74 years ago today, 73,000 U.S. troops embarked on a daring mission to turn the tide of a world at war. Thanks to their bravery and sacrifice, #DDay was successful and marked a major turning point in the liberation of Europe.pic.twitter.com/qQykRUkavp Today’s @TimesTribune editorial spotlights my efforts to push back on new taxes that will harm American consumers and businesses, and limit economic growth. Read “Tariff power to Congress”:  I am working with like-minded Republican senators on ways to push back on the president using authorities in ways never intended and that are damaging to our country and our allies. Will Democrats join us? What they said. … On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we remember the victims of senseless gun violence. Congress should pass common sense gun safety reforms while protecting the rights of law abiding Americans. I remain committed to working w/my colleagues on both sides on this crucial issue.pic.twitter.com/HqaUTWeNvH If this devolves into a full-blown trade war, the resulting harm will undo all of the great economic progress we’ve made with deregulation and tax reform. Congress should assert its constitutional responsibility and lead on trade policy so Americans keep access to affordable goods and services, and the opportunity to sell our products abroad. I'll be cosponsoring @SenMikeLee's bill, S.177, to rein in the executive branch's power to impose unilateral tax increases like these. Claiming steel bought from our allies is a 'national security' threat weakens our credibility. These tariffs, i.e. taxes, hurt American workers, employers, and consumers. Bad news that @POTUS has decided to impose taxes on American consumers buying steel and aluminum from our closest allies--Canada, the EU, and Mexico (with whom we run a trade surplus on steel). In addition to higher prices, these tariffs invite retaliation. I've seen members of my family suffer from incurable diseases & I sympathize w/ wanting a chance to save one’s life by trying new therapies. It’s why I cosponsored the #RightToTry Act. On behalf of those hoping for a cure, glad to see @POTUS signed @SenRonJohnson’s bill into law. Powerful testimony at my @GOPSenFinance field hrg in Bensalem today on opioid misuse in Medicare & Medicaid. They are the largest buyers of painkillers. Despite a recent drop, US painkiller consumption today is 5X as much as in '92. We must do better at combating this epidemic.pic.twitter.com/keoHTKNZQG On this #MemorialDay we should take a moment to remember and be grateful for the sacrifice of all who have served but especially those who made the ultimate sacrifice and gave up their life in defense of this country:  This proposal will help end the deception where Congress over funds popular programs like CHIP only to shift the excess $ to unrelated programs when the American people aren't looking. It's a modest but important step in the direction of honest budgeting and protecting taxpayers. … I’m signed on as a cosponsor of the bipartisan PAST Act to end “horse soring” — the abusive practice in which trainers use sharp objects and acids to force horses to perform an exaggerated gait for show. This inhumane behavior must stop. … I joined @realDonaldTrump at the @WhiteHouse for the signing of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, & Consumer Protection Act. This bipartisan law ‘right sizes' regs for community banks that provide access to credit to millions of small businesses & hardworking families.pic.twitter.com/BQ7tqs82GF Raising taxes on Americans who choose to buy imported cars or trucks is a bad idea. Doing it under the false pretense of national security--Section 232--is an even worse idea, as it invites retaliation and weakens our credibility on actual trade disputes. .@RepScottPerry & I enjoyed speaking with a group of bright 4th grade students from Highland Elementary in Cumberland County. Thanks for coming to D.C. to learn how your government works and for your great questions!pic.twitter.com/xGtcXe0wJO There is more work to be done reforming the VA, but I am encouraged that the bipartisan VA Mission Act passed the Senate today and will soon be signed into law. The commitment to America's veterans, including PA's one million men and women who served, means continuously striving to improve VA health care. The VA Mission Act seeks to give veterans more control over health care decisions and access to the best possible treatment. Today, I joined with @SenMarkey, @SenatorCardin, @SenToddYoung, @SenJeffMerkley and @marcorubio in urging @POTUS to continue holding accountable the Russian and Chechen officials responsible for the persecution of LGBT persons in Chechnya.pic.twitter.com/MRpRG9ld7y .@SenJeffMerkley and I have both had our identities stolen to file false comments on the @FCC's website. We wrote to @AjitPaiFCC urging the FCC to employ safeguards designed to weed out comments posted by bots.   Today, @POTUS signed into law my and Sen. @JerryMoran's legislation that eliminates an improper CFPB overstep on indirect auto loans:   While in Huntingdon Co. last week, I spoke with @TDNHuntingdon about historic accomplishments during the 115th Congress. From #TaxReform to rolling back excessive regulations, we're working hard for the American people--and we're not done yet.   Absolutely tragic reports coming out of Santa Fe. It is horrific that this happens again and again. More families affected by yet another senseless shooting. While we are just learning the details of what happened, I am thankful for the first responders on the scene. ICYMI: I went to the floor yesterday to honor the brave men and women of law enforcement for #PoliceWeek. To the more than 25,000 law enforcement officers in Pennsylvania, thank you for your service and your sacrifice.  Great news! The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission @PA_PUC announced today that thanks to #TaxReform, many Pennsylvania residents will see lower utility rates. This was always our goal: more money in the pockets of the people we represent.   Gina Haspel's work at the @CIA over last three decades has undoubtedly prepared her to serve as its next director. It was great to meet her today, ahead of the Senate’s vote. I support her nomination and am glad she has the bipartisan backing of my colleagues.pic.twitter.com/o1ehrt4mnC Lt. Osvaldo Albarati paid the ultimate price for this misguided rule. I worked on a bipartisan fix so our federal correctional officers can protect themselves. I’m glad the House just overwhelming passed a bill to do the same. I call on the Senate to pass this bill quickly. Correctional officers are often targets of criminals when off-duty. Current policy makes it impossible for federal correctional officers to protect themselves getting to & from work. In 1986, Congress established a scholarship in memory of Sen. Barry Goldwater. The scholarships are awarded to college sophomores & juniors who intend to pursue research careers in the natural sciences, math & engineering. Congrats to the 15 PA recipients!   I joined @SenatorBaldwin to address unfair trade proposals between EU & Mexico aimed at harming US dairy & cheese producers. PA is home to dairy farmers & artisan cheese makers who've spent generations cultivating products that customers recognize. More:  pic.twitter.com/IWcjTlAsxP Police officers serve their communities with valor, dignity, and integrity. I am cosponsoring a bipartisan resolution designating May 13-19 as #NationalPoliceWeek because police officers around the country put their lives on the line to ensure our safety every day.pic.twitter.com/VjA8qCE6YB We should provide fire police the same benefits we provide to other first responders who are killed in the line of duty.   Fire police ensure that firefighters, police, & medics are able to respond to emergencies unimpeded and also play a critical role in supporting community events. In 2016, an ISIS-inspired shooter tried to assassinate Philly police officer Jesse Hartnett because he’s a cop. I hope this sentencing brings Officer Hartnett & his family some comfort.  Today, one of our closest allies and partners in peace in the Middle East, Israel, celebrates its 70th year of independence. It is fitting to mark this occasion by opening our embassy in Israel's rightful capital, Jerusalem. #Israel70 … For more than 30 years, Gina Haspel has dedicated her life to keeping our country safe from terrorists. Ms. Haspel’s work at the CIA earned her several presidential commendations and recommendations from past CIA directors like Leon Panetta and Michael Hayden. Wishing my incredible mom, my wonderful wife Kris, and all the other amazing moms out there a very happy and love filled #MothersDay.pic.twitter.com/Eeg6kil4Ut A “choice” to either approve a diminished NAFTA or have the admin withdraw unilaterally would be economically harmful & unconstitutional. Read my @WSJ op-ed on how we can modernize #NAFTA to expand trade opportunities without curtailing consumer freedom:  This #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay, we give thanks to the many husbands and wives who serve our country at home and overseas. Military families make countless sacrifices every day so that we may be free and live in peace and prosperity. Thank you all.pic.twitter.com/KtN9t50kpC ICYMI: I guest hosted @SquawkCNBC this morning and discussed my @WSJopinion op-ed on the dynamics of the administration’s renegotiation of #NAFTA.  pic.twitter.com/PBHdUiYiNk Congratulations to all of the Pennsylvania students who've made it to the final in this year's #TARC2018 @RocketContest! Glad you were able to stop by my office to show off your hardware. Good luck, and Godspeed!pic.twitter.com/lqquC2Mp1z The Trump admin will soon unveil a "new" #NAFTA. Even with protectionist features, congressional Dems are unlikely to vote for @POTUS’s #NAFTA 2.0. He will need support of pro-trade Republicans to ensure passage. Read my @WSJopinion op-ed:  I'll be guest hosting @SquawkCNBC on @CNBC this morning from 7 to 8 to discuss my op-ed on #NAFTA in the @WSJ and the benefits of #TaxReform. I hope you’ll tune in! Every day, Pennsylvania teachers dedicate themselves to shaping our nation’s future. I am happy to join my colleagues in cosponsoring a bipartisan resolution to thank these educators for the crucial work they do. #TeacherAppreciationWeek A big congratulations to Madelyn Kieh from Delaware County whose submission to @Google's #doodle4google competition is going to the finals. Way to go Madelyn, you're making our commonwealth proud! Vote for Madelyn in the grades 8-9 tab:  pic.twitter.com/ryV32kCdzt Congratulations to fellow Pennsylvanian and reporter extraordinaire @SalenaZito and her co-author @BradOnMessage on the publication of their new book, “The Great Revolt.” Looking forward to reading it soon!  My statement on today's White House Renewable Fuel Standard meeting:pic.twitter.com/yYTKUDM7cZ My statement on U.S. withdrawal from the JCPOA:pic.twitter.com/6Ad1arh77f Proud to join my Senate colleagues in commemorating #CharterSchoolsWeek. Our resolution recognizes the great work that public charter schools, including 180+ in PA, do in providing educational choice to thousands of families, regardless of income or zip code. @charteralliance Every day, over 25,000 PA police officers stand between us and danger. God bless these men and women who selflessly protect and serve our communities. A true honor to have spoken at the Montco Police Officer Memorial ceremony. Read in @TimesHeraldPA:  I was honored to attend the Montgomery County Police Officers Memorial Ceremony today and pay respects to those police officers who lost their lives in the line of duty.pic.twitter.com/qzFPJIlx51 Thank you to the Armstrong-Indiana-Clarion Drug and Alcohol Commission for hosting a roundtable discussion on working to solve our opioid crisis in Kittanning.pic.twitter.com/TkKwYekoF9 I had a great day traveling around PA yesterday including a stop to talk about tax reform in Lock Haven, a discussion with local officials in Danville on the opioid crisis, an economic forum in Bloomsburg, and a sweet stop at Lang's Chocolates in Williamsport.pic.twitter.com/oXgedQJK5q Mumia Abu-Jamal is an unrepentant cop killer. He murdered Philadelphia Police Officer Danny Faulkner in cold blood. At a minimum, he should spend the rest of his life in prison.  Stopping prescription drug diversion requires us all to do our part. This Saturday, @DEAHQ will be holding National Prescription Drug Take Back Day so anyone can dispose their old/unwanted prescription drugs. Visit   for collection site info. #DEATakeBack I thank my friend from West Virginia, @Sen_JoeManchin, for making good on our bet after an understandable mourning period for his Mountaineers. Knowing now that @NovaMBB are national champions only makes it all the sweeter. … Congrats to the students of North Allegheny’s Marshall Middle School & Allderdice HS in Pittsburgh on making the finals of the 2018 @DOE_SC_NSB, a math & science competition taking place this week in DC. Wishing you all the best. You're making our commonwealth proud! #NSB2018 I went to the Senate floor earlier today to discuss the continued benefits of #TaxReform for workers and small businesses like @Cranston_MHEC in Robinson Township. WATCH:  PA employers are unfairly hurt by new steel and aluminum #tariffs. I hope @CommerceGov will quickly approve exemptions from these new taxes. Read more about it in my letter to @SecretaryRoss:   In the Senate it is possible to make progress by finding common ground with members of both parties. I appreciate recognition by @TheLugarCenter for working across the aisle. #BipartisanIndex   … His expertise, background, and demeanor make him extremely well-suited for this vitally important position. I enthusiastically support his confirmation and encourage my colleagues to do the same. I thoroughly enjoyed my conversation with CIA Director Mike Pompeo and I am confident that he will do an outstanding job as our nation’s next Secretary of State.pic.twitter.com/xM1EZv8fxO Pleased to welcome David Cranston, President of @Cranston_MHEC in Robinson Township, to today's @GOPSenFinance hearing. Consistent with stories I’ve heard across PA, #TaxReform is directly helping his small business + employees.pic.twitter.com/Thd7M358v2 Today’s @YorkDispatch editorial calls for enactment of the bipartisan PACT Act, which I offered with @SenBlumenthal, to outlaw heinous forms of animal cruelty. The PACT Act passed the Senate last year. The House should do the same.  Kris and I were grateful to participate in the bipartisan #MODGourmetGala for @MarchofDimes, an organization founded by President Franklin Roosevelt that aims to improve the health of all mothers and infants to build a brighter future for us all.pic.twitter.com/f4PKnukq76 As a member of the American Sikh Congressional Caucus, I had the honor to speak on the Senate floor about the rich, cultural traditions of Sikhism. It was great to meet with members of the American Sikh community and celebrate with them in Washington:  pic.twitter.com/q5a0rzgH3M It was a pleasure speaking with students from @DickinsonCol today as they participated in Dickinson Day on the Hill, a day where students meet with members of Congress and their staff to learn about public policy. I appreciated getting the chance to chat with them!pic.twitter.com/Hb1aWbi5OT The Senate just passed Sen. @JerryMoran’s & my legislation to undo a massive overstep from the unaccountable @CFPB. We are working to restore accountability & the proper balance of power. Thanks to @SenToomey & Senator @JerryMoran, the #Senate will be rolling back another piece of Obama-era overreach by nullifying a particularly egregious overstep by his @CFPB and notch another victory in this Congress’s record of rolling back overregulation. Today, America lost a truly beloved figure in former first lady Barbara Bush. Kris and I send our deepest condolences to President Bush and the entire Bush family in this time of devastating loss. May she rest in peace. SHORTLY: I'll be on the Senate floor ~4 discussing my work with Senator @JerryMoran to end the @CFPB's illegal effort to regulate car loans. Watch live on @cspan:   The Senate is voting now to move to legislation from @JerryMoran and me to undo @CFPB’s illegal effort to regulate car loans:   My thoughts are with all of the passengers and crew aboard the Southwest flight that made an emergency landing in Philadelphia. My staff and I are monitoring the situation and await further information. Thank you to the first responders on the scene.  Thank you to the @USChamber for inviting me to speak this morning about how #TaxReform is benefiting U.S. workers and businesses. Today marks the final #TaxDay when Americans will file under our old, overly-complex tax code. Due to #TaxReform, that changes next year.pic.twitter.com/64TDLNwzz0 .@SenToomey believes #taxreform will enable businesses to make a difference:pic.twitter.com/IH7DYHO3Wf Thanks to @SenToomey and Senator @JerryMoran, we will protect consumers from a brazen attempt by the past director of the @CFPB to stretch his authority and interfere in the auto industry. Now it’s time for the auto industry to come along for the economic tune-up. Wishing a very happy #Vaisakhi to all of our Sikh friends and neighbors!pic.twitter.com/g7EbeoZMtb I hope the actions taken tonight will bring a permanent end to Bashar al Assad’s chemical weapons program and dissuade him from ever pursuing them again. I await a briefing on the scope and success of the mission. I joined several of my colleagues in asking @POTUS to help stop Syria and North Korea’s sanction evasion scheme. We must not allow North Korea to help advance Syria’s chemical weapons programs. More:   Relief from @CFPB’s notorious auto-lending bulletin, which avoided the formal rulemaking process, may finally be on the way, thanks to @USGAO decision that enables Congress to overturn the rule. Learn more about the “Auto-Lending Lemon Repeal” @WSJopinion:  This is just the beginning. We’re only three and a half months into this. We haven’t yet even begun to reap the benefits as a country, as a society, of this reformed tax code.   #TaxReform The Holocaust remains one of the single greatest atrocities mankind has ever known. Let us join together to fight against antisemitism and bigotry. Learn more at @HolocaustMuseum. #WeRemember #HolocaustRemembranceDaypic.twitter.com/uArdCx996g On this #NationalPetsDay, i’m thrilled to introduce you to the newest member of the Toomey Family, Millie!pic.twitter.com/CmuOb4I2GP I've enjoyed working with the folks at the @HumaneSociety on my bipartisan PACT Act to stop the cruel & horrifying practice of "animal crushing." While we still need the House to pass our bill, I truly appreciate their help & I'm honored to receive their Legislative Leader Award!pic.twitter.com/VfpsJnpdJm Like so many of my colleagues, I will miss having Paul Ryan in Congress. I wish Paul, Janna, and their family nothing but the best. His intellectual and political leadership was indispensable in passing our historic tax reform. He has worked faithfully to make this a better nation for all. It has been an honor to work with Paul in Congress. He stepped into the speakership during a difficult moment, providing the personal and political guidance that enabled the House of Representatives to succeed. I have known Paul Ryan since we were elected together to the House in 1998. In addition to serving on the House Budget and Banking committees together, I consider Paul a good friend and speak with certainty in saying he is a terrific public servant, husband, and father. I am glad that both chambers were able to work in a bipartisan manner to combat the unconscionable practice of online sex trafficking. Today, @POTUS has signed our bipartisan legislation into law, a big step forward in ending this terrible practice. #SESTA #FOSTA This #NationalCrimeVictimsRightsWeek, lets redouble our efforts to assist crime victims. Congress should act to ensure that the Crime Victims Fund is actually used to provide funds to victims of child abuse, sexual assault, and other crimes. Read more:   Bashar al-Assad’s inhumane use of chemical weapons against his own people is a war crime. It’s past time for the U.S. and our allies to complete a comprehensive plan punishing Assad and countries like Russia that prop up this barbaric regime. My condolences to the family and loved ones of Capt. Samuel Schultz of Huntington Valley who, along with three other Marines, perished in a tragic helicopter accident in California. May they Rest In Peace.  Congratulations @CheyneyUniv on having a team return to California and represent Pennsylvania at the national @HCASC championship tournament! Good luck to all of the students! #HCASCpic.twitter.com/OiNLBNIdM7 50 years ago, America lost a visionary civil rights leader in Martin Luther King Jr. While his life was senselessly cut short, his message and dream lives on in all of us. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/SlnhGEIe8q There is more that we can and must do to protect animals. Thank you to the @YorkCoSPCA for hosting me today to discuss my #PACTAct, which helps prevent the heinous act of "animal crushing." Learn more about my bill here:  pic.twitter.com/nor3Clf23W Through the efforts of @dodpaa and History Flight, the remains of Pittsburgh native WWII Marine Corps Pvt. Edwin W. Jordan will finally be buried at Arlington next Monday:  Congrats to @VUCoachJWright and @NovaMBB on an incredible performance and another #NationalChampionship! #LetsMarchNova … Wishing everyone a blessed and great #Easter.pic.twitter.com/bLfayKKKbl Wishing all who celebrate a very joyous #Passover!pic.twitter.com/NchOXaAuEZ Can't wait to see the @NovaMBB take on @KUHoops in the #FinalFour tomorrow! With the newly minted AP player of the year on our side, I think it's going to be a long night for the Jayhawks. #NovaNationpic.twitter.com/Cqm2E0iqMU While it's a tragedy that so many of our Vietnam veterans did not get the welcome home they earned and deserve, I am glad we were able to recognize their service and tremendous sacrifices with this law. Read my op-ed in @PennLive on #VietnamWarVeteransDay:  This #VietnamWarVeteransDay, I ask that everyone take a moment to say thank you to those who fought in Vietnam. My staff and I are attending events across Pennsylvania today to do just that. The bravery and sacrifice of our veterans must never be forgotten.pic.twitter.com/XiVkabPITX All across Pennsylvania, people are continuing to see the benefits of #TaxReform. Check out this great list from @taxreformer to see how companies across the commonwealth are giving back to their employees & growing our economy! Read more:   #TaxReformWorks “This is exactly the type of capital investment we envisioned as a direct benefit of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct.” -@SenToomey #TaxReform … It's been 45 years since our combat troops left Vietnam. Until far too recently, Vietnam-era veterans did not get the respect and appreciation they deserve. Read my @PennLive op-ed on the importance of giving thanks this March 29th #VietnamVeteransDay:  pic.twitter.com/kHKhSgH2op Thanks to the great folks at @CarpenterTech in Berks County for the tour today. It was great to learn about the big things they're doing thanks to #TaxReform, like announcing an accelerated investment of $100 million in their Reading mill! See more:  pic.twitter.com/sFVhwvW9oH With #VietnamVeteransDay on Thursday, it's important to honor the service of those who served. Today, my office was pleased to participate in a commemoration ceremony in Franklin to help recognize and thank these brave individuals.pic.twitter.com/Ruwn28ExRr It feels like we're at a different moment here so I hope we can stop talking past each other and find where there is common ground to make improvements to our gun safety laws. #MarchForOurLives … Great win for @NovaMBB last tonight over West Virginia. Congrats to Jay Wright and his squad! Looking forward to some pepperoni rolls from @Sen_JoeManchin. Yesterday, Pennsylvania tragically lost two heroes in Ivan Flanscha and Zachary Anthony, who died in the line of duty. May they rest in peace. We give thanks to those who volunteer to keep us safe and remember they put their lives on the line every day. The responsible way to fund the government is incrementally, after scrutiny and the opportunity to amend in a transparent process on the Senate floor. Although I am pleased that Congress is providing additional resources to rebuild our military, bills like this inevitably spend too much money and much of it unwisely. This is a failure of one of our most fundamental responsibilities and it contributes to our huge deficit and dangerously mounting debt. It’s irresponsible that Congress would pass, with little debate, less transparency, and no opportunity for amendments, a two-thousand-page, trillion-dollar spending bill chock-full of wasteful and ineffective programs. While I get why he'd want some delicious Philly soft pretzels, I’m afraid @Sen_JoeManchin is sorely mistaken if he thinks his @WVUhoops Mountaineers stand a chance against Jay Wright and the #1 seed @NovaMBB Wildcats in the #Sweet16. Let’s go #NovaNation!   … Today, a member of my D.C. staff met with Shannon Gallagher Wingert, National Mrs. United States Agriculture from Alexandria, Pennsylvania. Shannon is not only an advocate for Pennsylvania's farmers and ag industry, but a great role model for young people across our commonwealth!pic.twitter.com/bkRC7neobT Wishing a very happy birthday to my colleague @senorrinhatch. Here’s to many more! Combating the horrifying practice of sex trafficking is an issue that knows no partisan lines. As a cosponsor of #SESTA, the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, I was pleased the Senate passed it today. Now it’s onto @POTUS. I hope he signs it soon. Sanctuary city policies make it harder for our law enforcement officials to keep dangerous criminals off the streets. We must continue this fight to keep our communities safe. A bipartisan majority of the Senate has repeatedly supported my legislation, the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act, to end these misguided policies, but a partisan minority continues to put politics ahead of the safety of our communities. I was pleased to join @POTUS and law enforcement leaders at the White House today to discuss how to end dangerous sanctuary city policies. As the grandson of Irish immigrants who traveled to this country from County Cork in the 1920’s, I wish all Pennsylvanians a Happy #StPatricksDay and Erin go Bragh! This week, the @girlscouts are celebrating their 106th birthday. A great organization that provides fun and valuable experiences for girls across America. They also make one of my favorite treats, Caramel deLites! #MarchMadness tips off next hour! Good luck to the 3 PA teams! Here are their first round games:   Today at 2:00pm: #16 @PennBasketball vs. #1 Kansas  Today at 6:50pm: #1 @NovaMBB vs. #16 Radford  Tomorrow at 7:10pm: #14 @Bucknell_MBB vs. #3 Michigan Statepic.twitter.com/mjVC7S6sX7 Congratulations to Pennsylvania's own Reese Caldwell & Natalia Orlovsky, who were both finalists in #RegeneronSTS 2018, the nation’s oldest and most prestigious science and math competition for high school seniors! It was a pleasure meeting with you both.  pic.twitter.com/OQw9Udj3m4 During the many years of our friendship, I’ve had the pleasure of getting Larry’s advice and counsel, and know first-hand how the President and his team will benefit with Larry on board. As one of his staunchest admirers, I look forward to working with him in this new role. Over his career, Larry has been a strong proponent for pro-growth tax policies, free trade, and an effective messenger on the dangers of overregulation and excessive government spending. President Trump has made a great choice in appointing Larry Kudlow to lead the National Economic Council. I’m working on sensible measures to address gun violence while respecting the Second Amendment rights of law abiding citizens. I spoke about this on the Senate floor today. #Enough #NeverAgain Watch:  This common-sense legislation provides state law enforcement with critical information they can use to decide whether to investigate and prosecute these individuals under state laws. For more info:  … AG Sessions’ decision is a welcome 1st step, but Congress should take the next step by enacting the Toomey-Coons NICS Denial Notification Act, which requires federal authorities to alert states within 24 hours when prohibited individuals "lie and try" to purchase firearms. We are pleased that AG Sessions is directing all U.S. Attorneys to more vigorously enforce existing gun laws against individuals who are legally barred from owning a gun but “lie and try” to buy one. Unfortunately, federal prosecutors rarely pursue these cases. .@ChrisCoons and my statement on @TheJusticeDept cracking down on illegal firearms: Thank you to everyone who joined me today for my telephone town hall. I greatly appreciated your questions and hearing about what issues matter to you.pic.twitter.com/P9YeqSO8If My telephone town hall is starting now. To join the conversation use this link:  . I’ll be taking online questions too, so leave your question as a comment on this post.pic.twitter.com/ntlPffikZ8 I’ll be hosting a telephone town hall at 4 p.m. To join the conversation, use this link:  . I’ll be taking questions from callers and social media so leave your question as a comment on this post.pic.twitter.com/MLgwarlYej Small-business optimism is at record highs, thanks in large part to #taxreform. For the first time in 12 years, taxes aren’t the top problem for small businesses. Read the @NFIB report:   I'll be holding a telephone town hall today ~4 p.m. & I hope you'll join me! I’ll be taking questions from callers and social media so leave your question as a comment on this post. To join the conversation, use this link:  pic.twitter.com/RhBUeARvNv Rex Tillerson served our country admirably as Secretary of State and I greatly appreciate the work he and his team did over the past year. I look forward to working with Director Pompeo once he is confirmed by the Senate. It was my pleasure to meet with members of @MomsDemand in Philly yesterday. We had a good discussion on common-sense proposals to curb gun violence.pic.twitter.com/71hRqbAbHu Join me tomorrow ~4 p.m. for a telephone town hall! I look forward to hearing your thoughts and answering your questions. Details to come.pic.twitter.com/wr0xGSHyRT Joseph Gerczak, born 1922 in Philadelphia, died heroically in the Pacific theater while defending his ship against aerial attack in 1942. I am pleased that a state-of-the-art Coast Guard cutter, named after him, is being commissioned today.pic.twitter.com/RMypW8IyyF They included National Review, the Club for Growth, and the Bradley Foundation-all at once. Kris and I miss Dusty and we'll keep  his loving family and his eternal soul in our prayers. After his family, Dusty's greatest love was the liberty of this great republic and the opportunity it offered. He devoted untold hours, enormous talent, and considerable treasure to leading and supporting institutions that fight for our liberty. We lost a great American today with the passing of Dusty Rhodes. From humble origins to high finance, Dusty epitomized the American dream. I knew him best as a friend, mentor, and always-happy warrior in the ongoing battle for American freedom. I will continue to work with the administration to mitigate the effects of these tariffs on Pennsylvania industries and workers. The administration invoking national security to impose #tariffs on imported steel and aluminum is a big mistake that will increase costs on American consumers, weaken our economy, and invite retaliation from other countries on other products. While it is good that Americans won't have to pay new taxes on steel and aluminum from Canada and Mexico, reportedly this new proclamation will, instead, force big tax increases onto American consumers of steel and aluminum from our other trading partners. Pennsylvanians, like millions of other Americans, are experiencing how beneficial #TaxReform is for them and their families through increased wages, bonuses, and job creation. Check out how Pennsylvania companies are rewarding their employees thanks to #TaxReform. … Gary Cohn has been a smart and effective force for regulatory reform, tax reform and expanding trade. I’ve enjoyed working with him and wish him well. Thank you to the great folks at @AIPAC for inviting me to speak today. I enjoyed the opportunity to discuss our relationship with Israel, America's strongest ally for peace in the Middle East.pic.twitter.com/faWl1YsPDV Officer Scott Bashioum spent his entire adult life making his community & our country safer. Renaming the post office in Canonsburg is a small, but appropriate step to honor his life and legacy. Now that the House & Senate have passed the bill, I hope @POTUS will sign it quickly. … Thank you to my colleague @SenThadCochran for his decades of service to both the people of Mississippi and the entire country. I wish nothing but the best for you and your family in retirement. … This bipartisan bill is a critical step forward in helping to ensure that our communities can be safe from criminals. Learn more about the NICS Denial Notification Act:   We can make progress on gun safety while respecting the Second Amendment rights of American citizens, including better enforcing existing gun laws & responding to warning signs of criminal behavior. Our NICS Denial Notification Act requires @FBI to notify states within 24 hours when a person who is prohibited from getting a gun lies about their background in an attempt to buy one. That’s a federal felony & it goes almost entirely unprosecuted now. .@ChrisCoons, @MarcoRubio, @SenBillNelson, & I are introducing a bill that gives state law enforcement critical info so they can better enforce existing gun laws against those who lie & try to purchase a gun but legally shouldn't own them. Statement from @SenTedCruz and me following today's biofuels meeting at the White House:pic.twitter.com/VeIyapLg8a .@SenToomey: "The Manchin-Toomey legislation was strongly opposed by the @NRA. They didn't endorse me in my reelection. They haven't given me a dime since 2010. I'm the guy that's stood up to the NRA among Republicans."pic.twitter.com/FPGsqp2KRU .@SenToomey discusses the big takeaway from yesterday's meeting with the president   #morningjoe Statement from @Sen_JoeManchin and me following today's meeting at the White House:pic.twitter.com/qIXSUyKjmj As America's Pastor, the late Rev. Billy Graham delivered a message of hope and salvation to millions. Today, he lies in honor at the Capitol. I joined my colleagues in cosponsoring a resolution to remember his life & the incredible impact he had on so many. May he rest in peace. I appreciate the President’s constructive leadership to fix the broken RINs system. Ideally, we would abolish the obsolete, counterproductive RFS regime altogether as it is a blatant, corporate welfare program for the ethanol industry. Failing that, we must, at least, reform this system to provide needed relief for refineries across the country. Forcing refineries to buy unaffordable Renewable Identification Number credits, which have no intrinsic value and serve only as a compliance mechanism for the Renewable Fuel Standard, threatens to destroy thousands of family-supporting jobs in Pennsylvania. This important bipartisan legislation advances our shared goal of keeping guns out of the hands of people who should not have them while safeguarding the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens. I hope the Senate will pass this #NoFlyNoBuy bill soon.   If you have been deemed too dangerous to board an airplane, you should not be able to purchase firearms. Read my Q&A with @SalenaZito in the @dcexaminer:  In this moment, there might be a chance to do something constructive while still fully respecting the rights of law-abiding citizens to exercise their constitutional freedoms of the Second Amendment. I hope that Congress can take measures to make it more difficult for someone who is a violent criminal or dangerously mentally ill to buy a firearm. Thank you @chucktodd for having me on this morning. ICYMI, watch my segment on @MeetThePress. We discussed my and @Sen_JoeManchin's bill to tighten background checks to ensure those who shouldn't have guns can't get them. Watch: … .@SenToomey tells me on gun legislation, "The problem is that we have a lot of gun sales in America today for where there is no background check whatsoever." #MTP I'll be joining @ChuckTodd on @MeetThePress this morning to discuss ways we can prevent guns from falling into the hands of those who shouldn't have them. Check your local @NBC listings to watch. Today, we honor the first president of our great republic, George Washington. Wishing everyone a good #PresidentsDay!pic.twitter.com/0zhFk4NgaC Thank you to @DomShow1210 and @1210WPHT for having me on today, and for talking about the great work you're doing for our military and their families with @the_USO.pic.twitter.com/2DPrsED5AD Joining @DomShow1210 on @1210WPHT at 9:30 AM this morning from FOP Lodge 5 in Philly to talk about veterans issues and helping the USO. Listen here: … It was also deeply troubling that a minority of Senators blocked consideration of my common-sense bipartisan amendment designed to end dangerous sanctuary city policies. I voted in favor of legislation to provide a pathway to citizenship for individuals who were brought to the United States illegally at a young age and address other critical challenges within our broken immigration system, including border security and enforcement. I am disappointed that the Senate was unable to reach an agreement today on immigration policy. I believe gun safety legislation should focus on keeping guns away from those who shouldn’t have them--criminals, the dangerously mentally ill, and terrorists. I am committed to improving our federal background check system, which is why my staff and I will continue to reach out to senators on both sides of the aisle to see where progress can be made. My heart breaks for the students and loved ones of those affected by today's terrible school shooting in Florida. Thank you to the first responders for their swift response. Join me in praying for the victims. #stonemanshooting Tune into C-SPAN 2 at 4PM to hear my address to the Senate on why we must pass my #SanctuaryCities amendment to protect communities from dangerous criminals. Thank you @SenTedCruz, @JimInhofe, @SenJohnBarrasso, @SenDeanHeller, @SenJohnKennedy, @Sen_JoeManchin, and @SenCapito for cosponsoring my bipartisan #SanctuaryCities amendment to keep our communities safe from dangerous criminals. Below is more information on the amendment that I introduced:   This isn’t a controversial issue. Leaders from both sides of the aisle agree that #SanctuaryCities policies must end. When I intro'd my bill in 2016, a bipartisan majority of the Senate voted in favor of it. It's time for this madness to end. Let's vote. In order for any #DACA fix to be meaningful and effective, we can't tie the hands of those who try to enforce the laws we write. #SanctuaryCity policies make it virtually impossible for any #DACA fix to be implemented in good faith. Worse still, they make us less safe. Immigrants want safe cities and communities as much as anyone. My amendment allows cities to protect illegal immigrants who come forward as witnesses or victims of crimes. This is about everyone’s safety. .@SenSchumer says #SanctuaryCities have nothing to do w/border security or #DACA. My #SanctuaryCities amdt focuses on smart immigration enforcement. Following immigration laws & protecting citizens from dangerous criminals in our cities is the 1st step to a secure border. I hope @SenSchumer and Senate Dems will agree to start holding votes on immigration since they've insisted upon debating it for weeks. First they shut down the government over this, now they’re slow-walking a start to the debate. Looking for something super sweet to give your valentine? Try one of Pennsylvania's many sugary treats! Wishing everyone a very happy #ValentinesDaypic.twitter.com/3qvkPIieoF Below is more information on the amendment that I Introduced today:   Enough playing politics with the safety and well-being of the American people. I ask my colleagues to join me in saying no more to #SanctuaryCities. Let’s make these dangerous policies a thing of the past. Leaders from both sides of the aisle agree: we must end the indefensible policy of protecting dangerous criminals from deportation. #SanctuaryCities do not protect the innocent, they simply make it harder to get violent criminals off the streets. Other than in enforcing immigration law, there is no other type of crime where a politician-made mandate ties local police hands when an officer thinks – in the interest of public safety – cooperation w/fed. law enforcement is necessary. Immigrants want safe streets, too, and the bill has language to protect those here illegally who come forward as a victim or witness of a crime. This isn’t about asking local police to enforce fed. immigration law. Fed. immigration officials are merely asking police to hold a person – who’s already been arrested and is in the US illegally – until DHS/ICE can arrive to question or take custody. #SanctuaryCity policies aren’t just unique to Philly. Many of Pennsylvania’s 67 counties have #SanctuaryCity policies. These laws are as misguided as they are dangerous. Philly's extreme + dangerous #SanctuaryCity law prohibited the police from even talking with federal immigration authorities. This wouldn't have happened if Philly wasn't a #SanctuaryCity. For example: Philly PD once arrested an illegal immigrant, who’d previously been deported, for assault & other charges. Fed. immigration officials asked Philly PD to hold him temporarily. Instead, the man was set free. He was later arrested for raping a child under the age of 13. #SanctuaryCities are jurisdictions/municipalities, like Philly, that have policies barring local law enf. from cooperating with fed. immigration authorities in certain instances, even in cases when they wanted to help. These policies hamper law enf. & make us less safe. I once again ask my colleagues to focus their attention on the serious problem of dangerous #SanctuaryCities. There's lots of misinformation about #SanctuaryCities so here are the facts. For there to be a good-faith bill on #DACA, dangerous #SanctuaryCity policies must be addressed: DREAM Act says if you commit certain crimes, you lose protections & can be deported. If local law enf. can’t cooperate with DHS/ICE, then this provision is virtually unenforceable. As we begin to debate the issue of immigration, @SenSchumer is blocking a vote on my amdt to address problem of dangerous #SanctuaryCities, putting interests of criminals before public safety. I was very saddened to hear former Congressman Jon Fox passed away last weekend. My deepest condolences are with his family, friends, and loved ones. However, it is very important to note that this budget proposal serves only to outline the priorities of the administration and does not carry the weight of law. The ultimate responsibility for passing a budget and funding the government rests with Congress. Combating opioid abuse, improving veterans’ health care, and boosting funding for national security and our military are worthy priorities President Trump’s budget proposal embraces. I look forward to reviewing this budget proposal in its entirety over the coming week. This year, @TeamUSA sent the largest ever delegation to the Olympic Winter Games. Very proud to see among the 242 Americans representing our nation in Pyeongchang will be 9 Pennsylvanians! You've all made our commonwealth and nation proud! #WinterOlympics Unfortunately, it also adds $131 billion in non-security spending, without any real, meaningful offsetting spending reductions. Our federal government is on an unsustainable fiscal path. This spending spree makes it worse. The budget agreement proposes a badly needed spending increase to strengthen national security, rebuild our neglected military, and honor our commitment to veterans. Earlier this week I went to the floor to honor the @Eagles incredible #SBLII victory. From the amazing game called by Coach Pederson, to the perseverance the team showed from Nick Foles on down, this win means everything for Philadelphia. Watch:  .@SenBobCasey and I introduced a resolution to officially honor the @Eagles Super Bowl victory I know we’ll be talking about for the rest of our lives. Read it here:  pic.twitter.com/8vHkcjvHUb Victory has never tasted so good! @SenBobCasey and I thank you @SenWarren & @SenMarkey for the delicious brews. Hope everyone back in Philly is enjoying the @Eagles parade! #FlyEaglesFlypic.twitter.com/b8lnCWGpRV The Senate has adopted S.Res.399, a resolution congratulating the Philadelphia Eagles on their triumph in Super Bowl LII. @SenToomey @SenBobCasey @Eagles In less than 2 months since #TaxReform was passed, over 300 businesses employing 3+ million workers have announced bonuses, wage increases, & expanded benefits. Tax reform is working for PA and all of America—watch now:  I hope my colleagues will swiftly consider this important piece of legislation so no other families have to see violent criminals avoid justice.   The lack of any consequence in this case highlights a flaw in our justice system. This is why @SenTomCotton, @JohnCornyn, @SenTedCruz and I introduced Eric's Law, to provide justice for murder victims like Officer Eric Williams. Officer Eric Williams's life was senselessly cut short by a violent gang assassin. His murderer essentially received no punishment for his crime, even though eleven out of twelve jurors voted for the death penalty, because he was already serving a life sentence. What a game! Congratulations to the entire @Eagles organization and birds fans everywhere. The wait is finally over! #SuperBowlChampions #FlyEaglesFlypic.twitter.com/BrABi97OgD What an amazing season it has been, but we're not done yet. One more win, that's all it takes. Go birds! #FlyEaglesFly #SuperBowlpic.twitter.com/DmU3u2ZaaG With the @SuperBowl on Sunday, @SenBobCasey & I made a little wager with @Patriots fans @SenWarren & @SenMarkey. When the @Eagles win they'll owe us some tasty NE brews. Should the unthinkable happen, we'll owe them cheesesteaks & @yardsbrew. #FlyEaglesFly Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!  Happy #GroundhogDay!pic.twitter.com/NQlLAZisH1 #TaxReform is working for Sussex Wire in Easton. They’re hiring more workers + buying new equipment. ICYMI watch my floor speech from Tuesday:  This #BlackHistoryMonth, we honor individuals like Pennsylvania's own Thomas Morris Chester, a Harrisburg native and Civil War veteran. Chester was not only a soldier, but also the only black correspondent for a major daily newspaper during the war.pic.twitter.com/9psXoHD19V While I was not among those on the train this morning, I am nevertheless grateful for the first responders who moved swiftly to help. I'm praying for those who were injured in this accident. Tonight, President Trump used his #SOTU address to spotlight the important progress that has been made during the first year of his presidency while laying out his top agenda items for the next year. Read my statement:   I went to the floor today to honor the heroic life and sacrifice of Deputy U.S. Marshal Christopher Hill — a PA father, husband, and veteran who was tragically killed in the line of duty this month.  Yesterday I visited Sussex Wire, Inc. in Easton to see how #TaxReform is a “home run” for a manufacturer that’s growing, adding workers, & investing in new technology. Watch the @mcall video to learn more:  As both a Catholic school graduate and parent, I know firsthand the good work they do every day to prepare the next generation. I am happy to have helped designate this week as #CatholicSchoolsWeek. #CSW18pic.twitter.com/b2NKrRqqvH The Holocaust showed the human capacity for evil. Remembering this atrocity is critical to honoring its victims and ensuring such horrors can never happen again. It is incumbent upon all of us to never forget. #InternationalHolocaustRemembranceDaypic.twitter.com/5dQHkdXP2l Combating the heroin + painkiller epidemic requires a comprehensive approach. I’m working to stop painkiller diversion to the black market & overprescribing so seniors can get better care. Read more from the @PittsburghPG:  Was a pleasure to meet with Gene Vittone, the Washington Co. DA, & Zhiere Patmon, a freshman at Howard & former intern for DA Vittone. In battling the opioid crisis, Washington Co. has found success in expanding access to treatment at the local level+putting dealers behind bars.pic.twitter.com/GQBK8cNAml .@HomeDepot has 70 locations in Pennsylvania and thousands of employees. To borrow Home Depot’s slogan: that’s the power of tax reform.  Sexual abuse and exploitation of children are especially heinous crimes that can affect victims for their entire lives. I hope that the House will soon pass this important legislation so that victims can finally receive the restitution they deserve.   The Senate's passage of the Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act is an important step toward rectifying the flawed process under current federal law for victims to recover restitution from criminals who produce and traffic child pornography. Thank you @SBALinda for visiting Chester County and @ChescoChamber this morning to discuss what #TaxReform means for working Pennsylvanians, and honoring small businesses.pic.twitter.com/7lkrHTwROf Thank you to my friend @SenatorIsakson for providing my staff and me with a delicious spread from @ChickFilA! Sorry about your @AtlantaFalcons. Can’t wait to see my @Eagles in the @SuperBowl! #FlyEaglesFlypic.twitter.com/aK4rvZpBgD Congratulations to my colleague @SenDuckworth on the news she's expecting a baby girl! Nothing but the best to you and your growing family. … Now is the time to get rid of earmarking for good. I am proud to join @JeffFlake, @clairecmc, @SenJohnMcCain, @SenMikeLee, @senrobportman, @SenRonJohnson, @marcorubio, @joniernst, and @SenatorFischer to permanently ban earmarks. #BanEarmarks  pic.twitter.com/TQ7Kbmoisg For years, earmarks fueled overspending in Washington and undermined the integrity of our legislative process. We cannot afford to allow Congress to ever resume this practice and play pork-barrel politics with taxpayer dollars. All children deserve access to a quality education with great teachers, regardless of zip code or income. Honored to join @SenatorTimScott in celebrating #NationalSchoolChoiceWeek.pic.twitter.com/6lrCLndrua This would preclude the risk of distracting, disruptive manufactured crises such as the one our Democratic colleagues just caused. #SchumerShutdown Instead of the obstruction of recent years, going forward, Democrats should allow the Senate to debate, amend and pass each of the 12 annual funding bills well before the end of the fiscal year. This is not how decisions about the government’s budget should be made. It is well past time for the Senate to return to regular order. We found ourselves in this dysfunctional mess because my colleagues across the aisle recklessly refused to govern and held the government hostage on a single issue impacting a select group of illegal immigrants. I am encouraged that an interim, bipartisan agreement was reached to reopen our government, fund our military, and provide health care to nine million American children. Looking forward to Super Bowl XXXIX rematch @eagles. #FlyEaglesFly My statement on the #SchumerShutdown:pic.twitter.com/eoEoafyUBm Thank you to all the folks from Pennsylvania and across America who have traveled to DC to attend today’s #MarchForLife. Your commitment to protecting the sanctity of life epitomizes the idea that love saves lives. #WhyWeMarchpic.twitter.com/l8HaxaRVep Democrats have to decide whether or not they want to shut down the government. Is immediate amnesty for select illegal immigrants more important to the Dems than health care for millions of low-income kids and keeping the government open? #SchumerShutdown With @POTUS touring @HKPittsburgh today to see first-hand the benefits of #taxreform, take a look at what manufacturers have to gain.   @ShopFloorNAMpic.twitter.com/YyIRA3Lq22 I joined @DanaPerino on @DailyBriefing to highlight the already positive results from #TaxReform and @POTUS's visit to Pittsburgh, as well as the government funding measure (which includes long term CHIP funding). Watch:  My statement on the continuing resolution to keep funding the government:pic.twitter.com/fsV5yqaEWc .@JeffBezos, I'm thrilled to see both Philadelphia and Pittsburgh made the cut for #AmazonHQ2, which could create up to 50K new jobs and $5B in investments. Pennsylvania would make a fantastic home for @amazon!   My prayers go out to the family & friends of the Deputy U.S. Marshal killed this morning in Harrisburg, as well as the injured policeman. Law enforcement officers face incredible dangers in keeping us safe. They should always have our support + gratitude.  Glad @POTUS is coming to PGH Thurs. to highlight how #TaxReform is working! It hasn't been a month & already 2+ million workers, many from PA, are benefiting from the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act. I went to the floor to share how the bill is helping PA. Watch:  Congratulations to one of the giants of the Senate, @SenatorDole. I can think of no one more deserving than Senator Dole to receive the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest honor we can bestow. Thank you Bob for your service to our nation both on the battlefield and in Congress. Yesterday, members of my staff across Pennsylvania honored the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King by volunteering their time at food banks and at churches.  It's important to lift each other up and give back to our communities. #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/9GT1oiSfbq This #ReligiousFreedomDay, we are reminded of our founding principle that no American shall be persecuted for practicing the faith of their choosing. Our freedom of religion must always be protected.pic.twitter.com/JFWWn4ZkPL Godspeed to the brave men and women of the 28th Infantry Division of the Pennsylvania @NationalGuard who will soon head to the Middle East. A grateful nation thanks you for your service and prays for your safe return.pic.twitter.com/QkuC7cR47f It was my honor to join so many others in paying tribute to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. today in Philadelphia. This #MLKDay, let us remember that Dr. King committed his life to ensuring that liberty, in this country, is colorblind.pic.twitter.com/ghLHuo0H0S There's something for everyone at the #PAFarmShow in Hbg. Great food, entertainment, and exhibitions! Good news for PA's ag community: due to #TaxReform, farmers can now immediately deduct 100% of the $ for new equipment--a change that will allow PA farms to continue to flourish!pic.twitter.com/dcGk6NVTTS There are great people—many of whom would make great Americans—in every country on the face of the earth. The criterion for immigration should be the character of the individual, not the circumstances, however dire, of their native land. I hope the President retracts the suggestion, attributed to him yesterday, that America should not want immigrants from countries which he was accused of describing disparagingly. Great news for Pennsylvanians working at over 160 @Walmart locations. Further proof that #TaxReformWorks … I join with my 63 bipartisan cosponsors of #SESTA, the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, in calling for Senate passage as soon as we can. Sex trafficking is a scourge on humanity and must be stopped. #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay On #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay, Sen. Judiciary Committee passed the Amy, Vicky, & Andy Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act. Our bill improves access to restitution for victims exploited by sick criminals who possess this filth. Justice = swift Senate passage of our bill.pic.twitter.com/zqhQFYE6Hk The opioid and heroin crisis has rightfully drawn bipartisan attention in Congress and all levels of government. Today’s opioid emergency declaration sends a clear message that more work remains to be done. My Statement:pic.twitter.com/fwq4dk9CtM Sad to hear about the passing of longtime PA resident, Brig. Gen. Anna Mae Hays. Serving in 3 separate wars, she was the 1st woman in the U.S. Armed Forces to achieve general officer rank. Her memory shall serve as an inspiration for generations to come.  To make this weekend’s @Eagles @AtlantaFalcons match up more interesting, @SenatorIsakson & I made a little wager. When our birds are victorious, he’ll owe me some Georgia fried chicken. If his Falcons win (not happening), I'll owe him a famous Philly cheesesteak. #FlyEaglesFlypic.twitter.com/e5jzpDLaEV For too long, our Vietnam War veterans have been denied the recognition they deserve. I am glad that my staff was able to help honor these American heroes for their bravery and sacrifice. Watch @abc27News highlights:  Pork-barrel spending on ‘Bridges to Nowhere’ leads taxpayers to nowhere good. Hope House GOP preserves earmark ban:  This #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay, please take a moment to give thanks to the brave men and women who put themselves in harm’s way every day to keep us and our communities safe. Thank you to all who protect and serve.pic.twitter.com/1MQbckP7o7 ICYMI: During my tour of @MandSGrinding, I spoke with @69News's @TimSilfies about how #TaxReform will enable business to reinvest and hire as well as give the vast majority of Pennsylvanians a tax cut. WATCH:  One of the services my office provides is securing military medals for those who've earned them, but never got them. Recently, my Wilkes-Barre office helped Julie Esty of Scranton secure her late father’s Korean War medal. I am honored my staff could help:  Sending my prayers to the family and friends of Lt. Matthew LeTourneau, the two injured @PhillyFireDept firemen, and the civilian victim of this tragic fire. The sacrifices our first responders make to keep us safe should never be forgotten. … It’s been just two weeks since @POTUS signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and already over one million Americans will have more money in their pocket because of #TaxReform. See the link above. Thank you to the great folks at @MandSGrinding in Montgomery County for hosting me today. I really enjoyed the tour and the chance to hear how #TaxReform allows small businesses and manufacturers to more easily grow and reinvest! … Thanks to the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act, the number of businesses giving bonuses & higher wages to workers, and increasing investment in their communities, grows each day! Check out this list from @taxreformer showing how workers are already benefiting:  Working alongside @senorrinhatch has been a tremendous honor. Without him, we never could have gotten #TaxReform across the finish line. Thank you for your service Orrin and enjoy your much deserved retirement. Your leadership and humor shall be missed in these halls. I applaud the Iranian people who are rising up in significant numbers against a dangerous regime that has continually treated them badly. #IranProtests Attn PA Firefighters: @fema is now accepting applications for the Assistance to Firefighters Grant program. Applications due Feb 2nd by 5PM. Apply here:  …. My office can assist with letters of support. Happy new year Pennsylvania! Wishing everyone a happy and peaceful 2018! #NYE2018pic.twitter.com/in7reciXiu This holiday season, I wish every American good tidings and cheer. From my family to yours, #MerryChristmas!pic.twitter.com/DNiuKJGgg3 Last night, a monster tried to kill police officers in Harrisburg. It’s a tribute to our police that the only life lost was the shooter’s. It’s also a stark reminder of the dangers our police and 1st responders face daily. This Christmas, say a prayer for all who keep us safe. Through our just-passed pro-growth #TaxReform, we can go from feeble growth projections to dynamic growth that produces new and more wealth for American workers. I sat down with @katebachwsj from @WSJOpinion for The Weekend Interview to explain:   Today, @POTUS signed the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct into law, which will give Americans the tax cuts and economic relief they need.pic.twitter.com/5xpyhgpELx Breaking news: @CBSThisMorning asked three families for their tax returns and found that all three would receive tax cuts next year because of the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct.pic.twitter.com/xnGvTgV3bJ #TaxReform is already delivering higher wages and more jobs!pic.twitter.com/EmqsVgK9zd Now that @SpeakerRyan and @senorrinhatch have signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, there's only one more step to go before the vast majority of families will start seeing tax relief next year. Get your pen ready @POTUS!pic.twitter.com/tgAUMPd2EO About to go live on @AmericaNewsroom, turn on @FoxNews to watch!pic.twitter.com/ggMhkKQnSZ In case you missed my interview with @jaketapper, we discussed how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will affect federal deficits. Spoiler alert: they’re going to shrink.  I'm live on @CNN with @jaketapper, watch now!pic.twitter.com/xyU4d8u0My Watch LIVE as President Trump delivers remarks at a bill passage event:  pic.twitter.com/XC4ru7Ip6F Tonight, the Senate passed historic #TaxReform. I am excited the President will soon sign this bill into law, making good on the promise we made to the American people. My statement:pic.twitter.com/u3D5RShMnd Tonight is a great night for America. We're on the precipice of the most historic #TaxReform in nearly 3 decades. I went to the floor to explain how this crucial bill will result in a direct tax cut for the majority of Americans. Tonight we get it passed:  Today is a great day for American taxpayers. Thrilled to see my colleagues in the House pass the most sweeping #TaxReform in over 30 years. Tonight, the Senate will do the same, giving PA families & workers a tax cut & making US employers competitive again. We are very close to passing pro-growth #TaxReform that benefits PA families and stimulates our economy. In case you missed it, I outlined the goals we had for this plan in the @PhillyInquirer a few weeks ago:  My staffers laid wreaths at @ArlingtonNatl this morning. Thank you @WreathsAcross for the opportunity to help honor our nation’s veterans. #WAA2017pic.twitter.com/f1qsnXTdo9 The vast majority of Pennsylvanians will soon get a pay raise because less of their hard earned money will go to Uncle Sam. Read my statement on the conference agreement for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act:pic.twitter.com/SeIBTT259Y Animal crushing is blatantly inhumane and astonishingly cruel. Glad to have worked with @SenBlumenthal on our bipartisan #PACTAct, which just passed the Senate, to stop this heinous practice:   Tonight, the Senate confirmed Scott Brady to serve as the US Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/og0SeZAQxJ In case you missed it, you can now watch my segment on #MTPDaily with @ChuckTodd where I spoke about how virtually every working class and middle income family will get a significant tax cut:  Coming up shortly: I'll be joining @chucktodd on #MTPDaily to discuss #TaxReform. Turn on @MSNBC to watch! Holding regulators accountable is not only good for the country from a governing standpoint, but it also saves taxpayers huge sums of money. Very happy to see @POTUS working diligently on this issue. Link:  pic.twitter.com/lNLZdSDUnz My statement on the fifth anniversary of #SandyHook:pic.twitter.com/4ZwFpjTEIp “Our [#TaxReform] bill increases the child tax credit. Our bill lowers the tax burden on every category of income earners.” – @SenToomeypic.twitter.com/YX5oAUrp0P I spoke with @GoErie on our pro-growth #TaxReform bill: “It is going to directly lower the tax burden to working families, middle-income families, people that live paycheck to paycheck." Read more about it & other topics here:  Wishing all of those celebrating a very happy and festive Hanukkah!pic.twitter.com/tnqD6cCSAu OTDIH 230 years ago, Pennsylvania became the second state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.pic.twitter.com/l6LnMU9hjG It's the most wonderful time of the year! My family and I had a great time picking up this year's Christmas tree at Evergreen Farm in Lower Milford Township. Can you guess who got to pick this year?pic.twitter.com/IAAMZB6Sgw Earlier today I joined @TeamCavuto on @FoxNews to discuss next steps on #TaxReform. I am confident we will soon deliver the tax cuts the American people deserve:  There’s a lot of fake news out there on tax reform. This video should help bust some of @SenateDems' myths for you.pic.twitter.com/QGiOHrG5BV When the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is enacted, it will mean big changes for small businesses: Less money to Uncle Sam, more money to invest in growing American businesses!pic.twitter.com/BNa36jFF3B Let us never forget the brave souls we lost at #PearlHarbor on December 7th, 76 years ago--a date which will live in infamy.pic.twitter.com/r8yYShGdgw On Fox Biz @Varneyco this AM, I discussed next steps on delivering tax relief for hardworking families. Also weighed in on @POTUS moving our embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. Watch:  "This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity, and we should meet the challenge.” – @SenateMajLdr #TaxReform #TaxCutsandJobsActpic.twitter.com/f6hOzu0KjP New update on my effort to hold regulators accountable and ensure compliance with the Congressional Review Act. @USGAO agrees that #CFPB didn’t follow the law. More:   … Because of the historic #TaxReform we passed last week, individuals and families are going to owe less money to Uncle Sam. More:  Congratulations to @SenateMajLdr @SenOrrinHatch @SenToomey and all the GOP Senate leaders who got a big win for taxpayers last night. Tax reform will provide a huge boost to our economy and American families. My statement on the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act:pic.twitter.com/kctGMVNf61 Senate Republicans and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump are seizing this once-in-a-generation opportunity to cut taxes for American families and workers.pic.twitter.com/FLSZVQPQl3 Our #TaxReform bill increases the Child Tax Credit, lowers the tax burden on every income bracket, especially lower income families, while creating more high wage jobs. This is a good deal for all Americans, and the proof will be in people's paychecks:  New from @philipaklein at @dcexaminer: "Media are being dishonest about Republican tax bill's treatment of the middle class." Check it out:  80% of Americans paying the individual mandate penalty are in households that make less than $50k annually. We’re making Obamacare optional, no one gets “kicked off.” #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/Sdt1Znj5bt There are zero changes to Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, or education funding. Zero. #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/h634oLEiVN My statement on the verdict in Kate Steinle’s murder case:pic.twitter.com/TGPAKVAgF5 The Senate’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has gone through regular order and has been open to bipartisan input from the start. That’s just a fact. #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/6V0Bb3lmh6 Just ~0.4% of extra economic growth over 10 yrs fills the $1.5T revenue gap that allows for tax cuts. We're talking about going from 1.9% to 2.3% GDP - and we're at 3% growth now. If you’d like to have smaller deficits then pass this legislation.  137 leading economists agree: Economic growth will accelerate if the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passes, leading to more jobs, higher wages, and a better standard of living for the American people. The time for #TaxReform is now, and we're going to get it done.  pic.twitter.com/FCaPi9AIdH Today, members of my D.C. staff joined the @RedCross in writing cards for our brave service members, veterans, and their families for the holidays. God bless all who have served, continue to serve, and their families.pic.twitter.com/6o5K1kThF0 Today marks 70 yrs since Israel was recognized as a nation by the U.N. I have always been, & continue to be, a strong supporter of Israel. Recently, I co-sponsored a bipartisan bill to combat the anti-Israel boycott, divestment, & sanctions (BDS) movement:   I joined @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria to discuss, among other issues, where #TaxReform stands in the Senate and the road forward to a strong recovery, greater opportunity, and a higher standard of living for all Pennsylvanians. Watch:  North Korea’s continued provocations, including the launch of yet another ballistic missile, demand immediate action from Congress and this Administration. @ChrisVanHollen and I urge the full Senate to immediately pass the BRINK Act and for the House to follow suit. Statement:pic.twitter.com/d9c6Jqmrcf The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will now head to the Senate floor for an open amendment process. Hats off to Chairman @SenatorEnzi's @BudgetGOP for advancing the bill. #taxreformpic.twitter.com/Hai2GMv7Bp .@IBDinvestors debunks myth that tax bill will hurt the poor. New @jctgov table shows all income groups get tax relief - including those who don't pay income taxes - because of the bill's hike in refundable tax credits:  pic.twitter.com/9JK2hoo2Ba Check out my op-ed in the @PhillyInquirer on how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will result in a strong recovery, greater opportunity, and a higher standard of living for all Pennsylvanians:   New analysis from @jctgov and @USCBO shows that every income group in America gets a tax cut in the Senate's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Read more:   The reality is that the American family is going to owe less money to Uncle Sam. Check out this video from @GOPSenFinance on how #TaxReform will help you:  I appreciate Jerome Powell, @federalreserve nominee to be Chairman, taking the time to come by my office and discuss his vision for the Fed. You can watch his nomination hearing tomorrow morning at:  pic.twitter.com/ZbVI7p2HUj Joe from @PaCPAs says tax code “creates confusion and unnecessary difficulty.” #TaxReform will help simplify it.  I'm with @scarletfu & @JChatterleyBBG now on @BloombergTV to discuss the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act, which will go to the Sen. floor this week. Join me to hear how this monumental legislation will boost our economy & result in a direct/indirect pay raise for working Americans.pic.twitter.com/yx8CG51BzM Happy #SmallBizSaturday! With the vast majority of Pennsylvania businesses being small businesses, they are the engine that makes our economy go. Be sure to #ShopSmall today, and support local Pennsylvania businesses!pic.twitter.com/pYukOko3pN I visited @WaterStMission in Lancaster yesterday and got a first hand look at the great work the staff and volunteers do there on Thanksgiving and every other day the year. From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.pic.twitter.com/lH87n2QGWE Happy @RepSmucker was able to join me in Lancaster yesterday to discuss how #TaxReform will benefit Pennsylvania families and businesses. … Leading economists agree, the Senate’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act means a better economy for workers. Read what they’re saying:    .@POTUS is right to re-designate North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. Our government must step up pressure on North Korea with more sanctions, like those in @ChrisVanHollen’s and my bipartisan BRINK Act. "We're going to take what is arguably the worst business tax code in the industrialized world, and turn it into one of the best." – @SenToomeypic.twitter.com/2n81wuJMIk The @GOPSenFinance's Tax Cuts & Jobs Act cuts taxes for PA families & accelerates economic growth. Glad to have the support of @PAChamber, @nfib_pa & @PAManufacturers. More:   Our police officers and first responders represent the best of our society. The heinous murder of Officer Brian Shaw highlights the dangers police officers run towards every day. My thoughts are with Officer Shaw's family, friends, and colleagues.  … Child pornography is a heinous crime. Victims need to be empowered to recover restitution from criminals who produce and traffic this exploitative filth. I’ve joined @senorrinhatch & @SenFeinstein in righting this wrong. More:   .@Avik fact-checks claims about repealing Obamacare's individual mandate. The verdict: Repealing the mandate is a tax cut for lower-income Americans.  .@SenToomey sets the record straight on #TaxReform: No cuts to Medicaid, no cuts to Medicare, and repeal of the individual mandate.pic.twitter.com/uBDIENT6kK I asked @JCTgov: Does the effective elimination of the individual mandate of the tax bill lead to anyone in any income class paying any additional taxes out of pocket? @JCTGov reply: Elimination of the mandate itself doesn’t create a new individual income tax liability.pic.twitter.com/LmgsQ3dXtc I am very excited about the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act out of @GOPSenFinance. Pro-growth tax reform maximizes growth of the American economy and gives tax cuts to middle income families. My statement:pic.twitter.com/j6DKOOS3g8 Governor Ridge is a great Pennsylvanian and a great friend. I wish him a speedy recovery and hope to see him soon. Pleased to see my House colleagues passed their #TaxReform bill. A critical step towards giving PA families a direct tax cut and get our economy moving again! Now it's @GOPSenFinance’s turn. .@JCTgov confirms: lower and middle income families will get massive tax cuts under @GOPSenFinance #TaxReform plan.pic.twitter.com/m4RBMPcWoX David Freed is a seasoned prosecutor and a dedicated public servant. He will serve the Middle District of PA capably and admirably as U.S. Attorney. I thank my colleagues for supporting his nomination. Kevin from @DellickerS in Germansville says our tax code is so complex that “I spend between $5K-10K a year just filing my tax returns, let alone paying the actual rate.” #TaxReform will simplify the tax code & ease the burden on small businesses.  Awesome to see the @Hbg_Sch_Dist participating in the #IgniteMyFuture program. Teachers, thanks for all you do to ensure the next generation has the right skills to become the workforce of the future. Thanks @NFIB for supporting a plan that will help small biz across America. … Non-partisan @jctgov confirms: The @GOPSenFinance Tax Cuts and Jobs Act makes no changes to health care programs.   #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/H48HlW7ddY The @GOPSenFinance #TaxReform bill will help PA families in 2 big ways: 1. We lower your federal tax bill. More money for you, less for Uncle Sam. 2. We take arguably the worst business tax code, and make it the best, driving up wages. Learn more:  We want to free Americans from the onerous burden of the individual mandate tax, which unduly effects low-income Americans. We will take this up in tomorrow's @GOPSenFinance #TaxReform markup. Watch my @CNBCClosingBell segment to learn more:  The individual mandate tax is based on a flawed premise that the fed govt should force Americans to buy overpriced health insurance even if they don't want it/cant afford it. Repealing the ind. mandate tax is direct tax relief for the working class. My statement:pic.twitter.com/KTdzrylbIS Live on @CNBCClosingBell right now to discuss the benefits of #TaxReform!pic.twitter.com/8p3UYw0GVV David from @PAManufacturers in Harrisburg says our current tax code puts pressure on American companies to leave the U.S. “It’s easier for a foreign company to reinvest in America than it is for American companies.” We can fix this with #TaxReform.  When workers have more capital-intensive equipment to work with, they tend to be more productive, and therefore, earn higher wages. The @GOPSenFinance #TaxReform legislation will make this happen:  .@GOPSenFinance Tax Cuts and Jobs Act lowers taxes for middle income taxpayers & delivers better jobs, higher wages. It also makes American businesses globally competitive again:   #TaxReform Pennsylvania needs more jobs and families deserve a pay raise. The Senate Republican tax plan will increase income for middle-income families by $2,683 and add 37,639 jobs to the Pennsylvanian economy.pic.twitter.com/NpJD5IehgS Middle class biggest winners in @GOPSenFinance #taxreform plan, @jctgov says. See the details from @Brian_Faler @politico:  Will be joining @chucktodd on @MeetThePress this morning at 10:30 (check your local listings) to discuss the Senate's #TaxReform proposal. Our plan will not only provide a pay raise for working Americans, but incentivize foreign $s to come back to the U.S. .@TaxFoundation study finds @SenateFinance #TaxReform bill gives middle-income PA family ~$2,700 direct pay raise.pic.twitter.com/ddHyF2d06j This #VeteransDay, let us take the time to honor and reflect on the brave men and women of our armed forces who have in generations past and present selflessly put themselves in harm’s way, to defend the freedoms and liberties we hold most dear:pic.twitter.com/E8q2YhLixg It was an honor to meet @USArmy veteran @ssgtravismills and address the 2017 #YorkPA #VeteransDay Celebration.pic.twitter.com/uW6GMvqJj6 THIS SUNDAY: White House Legislative Director Marc Short, @SenToomey (R-Pa.) and Sen. @AmyKlobuchar (D-Minn.) join Meet the Press in EXCLUSIVE interviews. Tune in! #MTP OTIDH 1775, the @USMC was founded at the Tun Tavern in Philadelphia. On behalf of a grateful nation, happy birthday to the United States Marine Corps. #USMC242 Looking forward to joining @TeamCavuto on @FoxBusiness in just a bit. Make sure to tune in and hear my thoughts on #TaxReform, and how we're working in the Senate to get America's economy booming again.pic.twitter.com/f31cXQZBum .@SenToomey: "We're going to have tax relief for middle income and low income families."pic.twitter.com/iWXHGoTeOy Will soon be joining @BloombergTV to discuss how #TaxReform will make American businesses competitive again, while putting more money in American workers’ pockets.pic.twitter.com/Z5CDv2LlNY Here's an idea of how the @GOPSenFinance plan helps you. #TaxReform by the numbers:pic.twitter.com/DFvoaCI4Jm About to join the folks at @SquawkCNBC for a discussion on the Senate's #TaxReform proposal, and what it means for you. Be sure to watch live on @CNBC!pic.twitter.com/VSjAzX09xG Coming up in just a few minutes, I'll be joining @foxandfriends live on @FoxNews. I look forward to discussing how #TaxReform is going to put more money in your pocket and raise the standard of living for all Americans.pic.twitter.com/YFsQJjdLwH You can now read the comprehensive @GOPSenFinance #TaxReform proposal, known as the Chairman's mark at:   I'm very excited about the #TaxReform proposal we've just unveiled in the Senate, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This #TaxReform package will be a pay raise for the overwhelming majority of Pennsylvanians.   .@GOPSenFinance #TaxReform bill = more investment in the United States -> more jobs, higher wages, & a better standard of living.  … .@RonWyden & I call on the @StateDept to investigate disturbing reports of Azerbaijani authorities detaining gay & transgender people. Learn more:   Richard from @ShipleyEnergy in York says U.S. tax code has hurt his business. Listen to how #TaxReform would help reduce costs for consumers and encourage businesses to reinvest:  In the wake of Texas, @SenatorCollins & I sent a letter to @DeptofDefense and @DHSgov about proper reporting of criminal records to @FBI .pic.twitter.com/hBykkdy517 The U.S. sugar program is a sour deal for American consumers. It's time to reform this government corporate welfare.   Phillies statement on the sudden & tragic passing of Roy Halladay:pic.twitter.com/gGhv7JUKv0 .@ChrisVanHollen & my #BRINKAct sends a clear message: banks & firms that work with North Korea can't work with us.   .@ChrisVanHollen & @SenToomey: The act that gets tough on North Korea … My thoughts are with the @PAStatePolice trooper who was shot at a traffic stop today. I pray for his recovery.  .@SenToomey at @mcall offices Monday. 5 takeaways on what he said about #TexasChurchMassacre, #TaxReform and more:  …pic.twitter.com/AM5mueUa9v We are all thinking about my fellow Kentuckian @RandPaul, hoping he’ll recover quickly & return to the #Senate very soon. We need #TaxReform as U.S. code “makes it difficult for US companies” to compete internationally. -John from @PPG.  .@USGAO report @SenKaineOffice & I requested finds seniors at risk of opioid abuse. Medicare improvements needed:   Heartbroken by the awful shooting at a church in Sutherland Springs, Texas. May God bless all those affected and their families. With #TaxReform, "ability to plan 3-5 yrs in advance” would be a big help, says Pete from @RMSides in Williamsport  My staff is happy to support the #ShowYourStripes campaign for @Philarmh. Great org. that helps children & their families in times of need.pic.twitter.com/QowAdazOhq Hats off Abbie Newman & @MissionKidsCAC on the new Montco child advocacy center that will help even more vulnerable kids. You do great work!pic.twitter.com/Ep8pTQqm8e Congratulations to @PennLaw Prof. Bibas on his Senate confirmation to join the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit. My statement:pic.twitter.com/JkHldoESSN .@RepKevinBrady has a great #TaxReform bill for middle-income PA families & economic growth. @HouseGOP should pass it. My statement:pic.twitter.com/bJKKORbT8s .@washingtonpost says @SenateDems claim that #TaxReform raises taxes on working-class is FALSE. GOP wants tax cuts!  Tax code is ~75,000 pgs. #TaxReform means “simplification” & “transparency.” -Bob from @BoyerandRitter in Camp Hill  Protecting taxpayers with @EximBankUS reform is essential. Watch my remarks at @BankingGOP nominations hearing:  Horrified by the deadly attack that occurred in #Manhattan. My thoughts are with all of those affected by this terrifying event. … The U.S. sugar program is unboolievably bad. Glad to work with @SenatorShaheen to protect taxpayers & ensure reasonable prices for sugar.pic.twitter.com/2cdJJzBpDH Chechen govt. actions against gay men are cowardly, abhorrent, & serious human rights violations. Statement from @SenMarkey & me:pic.twitter.com/0MtlBhc19V From @ManhattanInst: Indiv. mandate harms those it meant to help; does little to increase enrollment/reduce premiums  Regulators must follow the law. Here’s how Congress can hold them accountable:  #TaxReform would "free up a lot of money..to get new equipment, new employees, pay higher wages” -John from Wind Gap  Only 10% of leftover opioids are disposed properly. Learn how to dispose of leftover Rx drugs today:   #DEATakeBack .@POTUS's declaration of a Nationwide Public Health Emergency to address the opioid crisis is a reminder of its severity. My statement:pic.twitter.com/rNl0sQ41HB Pleased to meet with members of the @alzassociation. I know the toll Alzheimer's takes on a family & I'm committed to the fight. #EndAlzpic.twitter.com/LK6f4rU3Hz #TaxReform means "we could hire more people. Invest in our plant and equipment." - Bob from Malvern  .@SenToomey & I have great chemistry! Celebrating the 30th anniversary of Natl Chem Week @ACS_NCW #NCW30Years  … Thanks @IvankaTrump for coming by to discuss how #TaxReform improves the standard of living for hardworking American families.pic.twitter.com/aoSqFDGhBz .@ChrisCoons & I formed a [covalent] bond… we agree #ChemistryRocks! Glad to designate this week as chemistry week. @ACS_NCW #NCW30Years .@JeffFlake has served the people of Arizona with integrity and honor. My statement on his announced retirement:pic.twitter.com/13AHXswsEU #TaxReform means "millions of companies just like ours could continue to reinvest." -Sean from Bristol  My office spoke with Pennsylvanians about why #TaxReform matters to them. I hope you'll hear what they had to say:  Tragic reminder of the danger posed by sanctuary city policies. Trial set to begin for Kate Steinle murder suspect:  My statement on tonight’s passage of the budget resolution:pic.twitter.com/jd3ucYoJQc Joined @DanaPerino on the @dailybriefing to discuss how #TaxReform can shrink our deficit and spur economic growth:  This AM on @BloombergTV I discussed today's budget vote, and what it means for #TaxReform. Full interview:  pic.twitter.com/3XrqNAvf65 To pass #TaxReform, we must first approve a budget resolution. Here’s how USA will benefit:   @BudgetGOP #TaxReform has 2 goals. Tax relief for hard-working families & creating right incentives to maximize economic growth. While protecting rights of law-abiding citizens, we must work to keep guns away from criminals, terrorists, & the dangerously mentally ill. … Individual mandate adversely affects lower income Americans. @SenTomCotton & I want to give families needed relief:  pic.twitter.com/7c4qhXNaX8 Congratulations to my good friend @SenJohnMcCain being awarded the @ConstitutionCtr's #LibertyMedal. A great honor for a great American. “We’re going to make American workers and American business able to compete with anyone in the world.” –@SenToomey #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/EQgEpLYM9I I joined @SenBobCasey, @GovernorTomWolf & PA reps in asking @JeffBezos to choose PA for @Amazon's new HQ. Read more:   Earlier today members of my DC staff participated in the #Walk2EndAlz. A great event for a crucial cause. Thanks to all who walked!pic.twitter.com/89FJAqqylM "I see [#TaxReform] as just an amazing opportunity." – @SenToomeypic.twitter.com/QSvV9aqfZy Congratulations to the city of Pittsburgh & the @Penguins who celebrated their #StanleyCupChampionship with @POTUS at the @WhiteHouse today! … Manufacturing is key to PA's economy. In 2016, manufacturing provided over 550K jobs + $33 billion in manufactured exported goods! #MFDay17pic.twitter.com/8bJRViS25f Senate should swiftly approve resolution from @SenMarkey and me condemning 'honor killings' of gay Chechens. Statement below:pic.twitter.com/ui7tl328Ob Corporate #TaxReform directly benefits workers and small biz. Not just large multinational corporations. #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/2iBqVKvQfq My statement on the Budget Committee’s passage of the FY2018 budget resolution:pic.twitter.com/d2ZG6jiEiZ Stronger economic growth (more jobs + higher income) means fewer people must rely on safety net programs. #TaxReform @BudgetGOPpic.twitter.com/EIVXjmBb4J Revamped tax code will allow us to achieve the growth our economy is capable of & decrease the deficit in the process. @BudgetGOP #TaxReformpic.twitter.com/SoPVgL6FV6 Let’s remember the goals of #TaxReform= maximize econ growth + lower burden on middle income families. @BudgetGOPpic.twitter.com/SLrUTTxi7y Thank you @UsAgainstAlz for inviting me to speak tonight. Your work is crucial in the battle against Alzheimer’s. #StopAlz #UsA2Summit17pic.twitter.com/OHaEDgEpEB Bill Wolfe Jr. was a beloved husband & coach. Losing him is a tragedy. Deepest condolences to his family, friends, & the Ship community. Horrific shooting. Praying for the victims and their families. #LasVegas On this holiest of days, I wish all who are observing #YomKippur an easy fast. G'mar Hatimah Tovah. Great talk in Williamsport on how #TaxReform will help US manufacturers expand, succeed. Thx to @LycomingEngines for hosting!pic.twitter.com/gt4vgsGpyv My statement on the 2018 Fiscal Year Budget Resolution:pic.twitter.com/H1GllOXSmj Pennsylvanians are stepping up to assist our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico during their time of need. #Maria … #TaxReform = expanded economic production, higher wages & better standard of living. Watch @BloombergTV:  Great to see my friend @SteveScalise back on the House floor today. Welcome back. #ScaliseStrong #PuertoRico needs our help. @POTUS right to pay 100% of immediate recovery costs. Should also grant Jones Act waiver ASAP. Cc @MariaQSanchez Reducing business taxes will create jobs and raise wages, expanding opportunity for all Americans. We need #TaxReform now. #MythVFactpic.twitter.com/MoSYL4cycV It's time to give every American a pay raise by lowering their tax burden. My statement on the #TaxReform framework:   The GOP is united on #TaxReform. Watch @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan, @GOPSenFinance, @WaysandMeansGOP unveil their p… … I joined @SquawkCNBC to discuss the Senate's #TaxReform proposal. More growth. More jobs. Higher wages. Watch:  "I hope everyone gets a tax cut. Certainly, lower and middle class working families will get a tax cut." - @SenToomey .@SenToomey: "Failure on tax reform is not an option."pic.twitter.com/LKlEC5VrWA Great to be in Delco this morning talking #TaxReform, regulation, and how we can get our economy moving again.pic.twitter.com/v4XN89p3yW My staff enjoyed spending time with students from Philadelphia as they toured the Capitol. Thanks for visiting!pic.twitter.com/PWjro0iBph Glad @POTUS going after banks facilitating trade w/ NK. My & @ChrisVanHollen’s BRINK Act needed now to put mandatory sanctions on bad banks. L'Shana Tova to all who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah. .@SenatorEnzi, @SenBobCorker & I have a path forward on #TaxReform allowing economy to surge & reduce deficit. More:   The U.S. has the highest statutory corp. tax rate in OECD. #TaxReform will make U.S. businesses more competitive. #MythVFact @GOPSenFinancepic.twitter.com/OLAAst0ooU My statement on the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act:   Enjoyed speaking with @timsilfies of @69news about #TaxReform. Check out the interview tonight! … On this day 70 years ago, the #AirForce became an official branch of the United States military! Happy #AFBday to our #TotalForce #Airmen!pic.twitter.com/mGMELXBsNF If you or someone you know is trapped on the US Virgin Islands due to #Irma, please call: (340) 772-0357 or visit  . OTDIH 1787: our founders signed the Constitution, a first step in what has become the greatest experiment in self-governance.pic.twitter.com/kpS5qvfLLB You'd best bee-lieve we're buzzing over our homemade honey! ICYMI: My family and I recently took up beekeeping:  pic.twitter.com/wslc5DyQKJ For those who wish to aid in #Irma relief, visit:   or  . You can also call 1-800-FL-Help-1. My office is working w/the Carbon County VA to give veterans of the Korean War the medals they rightfully earned:   On #POWMIARecognitionDay, we honor the brave men & women who defended our freedoms abroad & have yet to return home.pic.twitter.com/KmH8KVs7Sr .@HHSGov's Inspector Gen. must investigate providers fraudulently profiting off those battling addiction:   .@SenToomey discusses how #taxreform will create better opportunities for American businesses.  pic.twitter.com/Ieoq3O2EyU Glad to work w/@SenBobCasey to address clean H20, curtail Russian energy. Learn more from @TLnews:   2 NDAA amdts by @SenBobCasey & me on Bucks, Montco water contamination & cutting military use of Russian energy:   I shared my thoughts on last night’s #TaxReform dinner w/ @POTUS on @Morning_Joe. Here’s what we discussed:  I’ll be live in 2 minutes. Hope you can tune in. … Just finished a constructive, bipartisan meeting at the White House on #TaxReform. I'm optimistic we'll find a way to get this done. I have a confection to make… it's a pretty sweet gig. Thanks to PA candy makers for the sugary supply, glad I can show off PA's best! … Optimistic we can achieve pro-growth #TaxReform to help workers & biz. What needs to happen next via @BloombergTV  My wife Kris attended the Tower of Voices groundbreaking at the flight 93 memorial in Somerset County. A moving tribute to those we lost.pic.twitter.com/o7PEjuGAdj We must never forget the innocent lives that were lost 16 years ago, nor the unity & strength we showed as a nation in the wake of tragedy.pic.twitter.com/fGez9jUhze Korea's econ grew last year, proof current sanctions don't do enough. I call on Senate to pass BRINK Act:   To those who are, or have loved ones abroad and in #Irma's path, please check in with the @StateDept: IrmaEmergencyUSC@state.gov I'll be live in studio w/Fox Biz @Varneyco at 11:15 discussing how #TaxReform will generate robust economic growth. .@RepCharlieDent served the 15th district and PA with honor and distinction. I wish him and his family the best in their future endeavors. It's an honor to work on behalf of law enforcement. … .@POTUS has made a great choice in nominating @RepTomMarino to serve as drug czar. He'll do a fantastic job. The work being done by Dr. June of @PennMedicine & others on gene therapy for cancer patients is awe inspiring:  My statement on today’s debt limit vote:pic.twitter.com/pJk4tWX6Vr Check out the Senate Finance Committee's top 10 #TaxTalk fact sheets #taxreform -->  pic.twitter.com/zXKSlCsCxg .@BrandywineSPCA is doing great work to help our four legged friends affected by #Harvey:   CC:@ASPCA Congress must pass the bipartisan BRINK Act that @SenToomey and I introduced now. My statement on #DACA:pic.twitter.com/UeyhUgkrDF NEW: Pat Toomey's message to tax reform critics: Think big   by @SalenaZitopic.twitter.com/Si5vAOWSXJ I wish everyone a happy and restful #LaborDay. N. Korea nuke test threatens US, allies security. Must respond w/new sanctions in BRINK Act; @BankingGOP hrg Thurs. … Congratulations and Godspeed to @Penn_State's own @Zenanaut being named to @NASA's 2017 astronaut class!  Thank you @PBS39Channel for hosting tonight's town hall, and thank you to all who attended and watched online!pic.twitter.com/NDCQXZ7tUy My @PBS39Channel town hall will begin in just a few moments. Watch live:  I look forward to answering your questions tonight during my town hall at 7. There's still time to submit questions:  The U.S. economy grew at a 3.0% pace in Q2, faster than initially estimated.   Appreciate @POTUS's call for a more simple, pro-growth tax code to make the US a more competitive place for biz. Time for #TaxReform is now. Appreciated the opportunity to sit down with @pastatenaacp to discuss our common goals.pic.twitter.com/0fMdt1JTTY Thank you Structural Modulars Inc. in Clarion County for the tour! Great convo on #TaxReform & boosting affordable manufactured housing.pic.twitter.com/21c4KQbM2f Thank you to the great folks at Brownlee Lumber in Jefferson County for showing me around! Simplifying our tax code will help PA biz thrive.pic.twitter.com/oLUEnKdQFK North Korea's aggression is unacceptable. @ChrisVanHollen and I call on the Senate to take up bipartisan BRINK Act.   Glad I got the chance to visit God's Country! #PotterCountypic.twitter.com/ARfgxKbrjz Always good to visit McKean County. My thanks to @ArdaghGroup for hosting me for a tour of their Port Allegany glass plant.pic.twitter.com/Huxoiaz6ya In times of peril, we come together as Americans and lift each other up. Great to see PA stepping in to help those affected by #Harvey. … Helpful feedback from #Coudersport area leaders on need to tackle #TaxReform + health care today.pic.twitter.com/sB0HvINNDR Good to catch up with @MarcieSchellham of @TheBradfordEra at Mick’s Little Red Diner.pic.twitter.com/nhFsKKwkYM Pleased @POTUS is taking crucial steps to ensure our police officers have the tools they need to protect themselves & others. My statement:pic.twitter.com/HAqwT15rGU Great to be in Wellsboro this morning talking #TaxReform with local business and community leaders.pic.twitter.com/JMJuKRVEAM Thoughts & prayers are with the people of Texas & Louisiana. Donations to the @RedCross are a great way to help those affected by #Harvey. … From our four legged friends to yours, happy #NationalDogDay!pic.twitter.com/8OuVhdo89Y Tickets to attend Thursday's @PBS39Channel town hall will be available beginning at 9 a.m. this morning at  . Taking part in a town hall next Thursday night in Bethlehem. Full details are available in the article below. … On Thursday, August 31, PBS39 will host a Town Hall meeting with @SenToomey. … Great NK sanctions op-ed @_ARuggiero:  . Need BRINK Act to crack down on shady Chinese banks:   Godspeed to PA Nat Guard  Charlie Company, 1st Attack Recon. Battalion (Johnstown) on deployment to Afghanistan:  Update: @NTSB has taken over the investigation. NHSL is operating local service w/ delays. Receive updates via @SEPTA_SOCIAL. Another reminder that Putin is an international pariah and Russia is no friend to the U.S. … 42 people injured in SEPTA crash outside Philly this morning:  . We are monitoring and have asked for updates. My statement regarding President Trump's address to the nation on #Afghanistan:pic.twitter.com/E6vsblmzsr Heartbreaking news about the #USSJohnSMcCain. Keep the crew in your prayers today. Violence against our police cannot continue. We must do more to support and protect them. My thoughts and prayers are with the 6 police officers shot last night in PA and FL.  First Scaramucci, now Bannon. Two great personnel decisions by John Kelly. Thoughts and prayers are with the victims of today's senseless attack in #Barcelona. Those affected, please reach out to family & friends. … My statement on hate groups in the wake of Charlottesville:pic.twitter.com/d6Z5MyrOMY On the road this summer? Stop by Breezewood, PA! Sounds like @MelanieDGKaplan enjoyed her visit. … Glad to help @UpperDarbyFire get $1.2M fed grant for new firefighters! Need fed grant help? Visit my site:   Thank you to our bright, impressive summer interns who worked diligently on behalf of the people of PA. You have great futures ahead of you!pic.twitter.com/S9QNYiybQc The racism, hate and violence seen in #Charlottesville are vile and unacceptable. I appreciate @SenateMajLdr's steadfast leadership & look forward to working with him to make the US tax code more competitive. .@POTUS declaring opioid/heroin crisis a nat'l emergency is reminder of its seriousness: ~11 OD deaths/day in PA.   .@USGSA invites artists to apply for a commission at the new U.S. Courthouse in Harrisburg. Submit by 9/15/17:  … On #PurpleHeartDay, we remember and honor their sacrifices. Learn more about our nation’s oldest military award: … Congrats to Shawna Moore of Phoenixville, who has been named Regimental Commander of the Corps of Cadets at @WestPoint_USMA.pic.twitter.com/fF9BH9nfbA Thank you @Penn_State Pres. Barron & LaunchBox staff/biz owners for the tour. You all are doing great work for startups in PA!pic.twitter.com/0UkqpvwTgD ICYMI: Senate approved S.1182, which celebrates the great work done by the @AmericanLegion for vets and military families. #LegionCoin Working w/@ChrisVanHollen to give foreign banks a choice: do business w/the U.S., or w/ North Korea. Not Both.  OTDIH 1790: Congress authorized Sec. of Treasury Alexander Hamilton to create the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service, known today as the @USCG.pic.twitter.com/AYfNv1PTct Congratulations to PA's own Robert Powelson on being confirmed to be a @FERC commissioner. Very well deserved. All terminally ill patients deserve the right to hope thanks to #righttotry passing Senate today. … I'll be live on @MorningsMaria at 7:30AM to discuss #TaxReform with @MariaBartiromo. Hope you'll tune in.pic.twitter.com/ggj0fPeG4t For those who still need help or info due to the train derailment, a 2nd comm. outreach center has opened in Bedford, PA (132 East John St.) Monitoring train derailment in Bedford Co. If you need help or info, a comm. outreach center has been set up in Hyndman, PA (152 Hyndman Rd) Congrats to PA's Col. Carl Reece, Col. Mark Schindler & Col. Steve Radulski on their promotions to Brig. Gen. in the @USArmy. Well deserved! So long as North Korea is testing nukes and ICBMs, we need stronger sanctions like my bipartisan BRINK Act. Despite current sanctions, North Korea’s economy continues to grow:  Pennsylvanians can be proud of one of our own: Brigadier General Anthony Carrelli has been promoted to major general in the @usairforce. Convicted felon, deported 20 times, released only to sexually assault a 65 yr old. Sanctuary city policies must end.  Read my statement on the health care reform vote:pic.twitter.com/NTo6ebGEcr Read the full text of the Health Care Freedom Act here:   We have a duty to put Medicaid on a sustainable path. We can’t kick it down the road & cause a fiscal crisis. MORE:  pic.twitter.com/c5rX6sgppB Secured agreement from House, Senate ldrship to further tighten North Korea sanctions w/my bipartisan BRINK Act:   There are consequences when foreign nations undermine global stability & threaten USA. Glad Senate passed Russia, Iran, & NK Sanctions WATCH: at 3:45, i'll be speaking about repealing #Obamacare & putting Medicaid on a sustainable path.   #OTDIH 1953, the U.S. and Korea signed an armistice agreement, ending the conflict on the Korean peninsula.pic.twitter.com/fXVtwBFXfk Jeff Sessions is a credit to DOJ, and I continue to support him as Attorney General. Read my statement:pic.twitter.com/tNvxeJRAZX The Senate took an important step forward today by beginning debate on repealing and replacing Obamacare. Read my statement:pic.twitter.com/p352uaIICD .@ICEgov lists Philly as one of the worst sanctuary cities:  . This dangerous policy must end:   N. Korea's ICBM tests threaten global peace. Bipartisan BRINK Act from @ChrisVanHollen & me is a forceful response:   AG Sessions is right. Past time to end dangerous sanctuary cities that put our children at risk.   OTDIH 1969: Earth turned its gaze to the heavens, as mankind set foot on another world for the very first time. #Apollo11pic.twitter.com/w4535psEIv A powerful and moving statement by @MeghanMcCain. We're all pulling for your Dad. … .@SenJohnMcCain is an American hero. Kris and I send prayers of strength and healing to him and his entire family. .@SenThomTillis lobbies @SenToomey to vote for his Boston Terrier "Tilly" in the cutest dog on the hill contestpic.twitter.com/CamATi6eWB Young women should aspire to be police officers, not cop killers:   Glad @JakeTapper agrees. … Read my statement regarding further Senate action on health care reform:pic.twitter.com/UQVhGKwRyM #BetterCare keeps Medicaid expansion. PA gets $50B to cover working-age able-bodied childless adults. #MythVFact  pic.twitter.com/KbAXFy2YJI W/ #BetterCare, fed Medicaid $s grow each year. Fed govt will give PA $200B+ over next 10 years. #MythVFact  pic.twitter.com/ApVZjAQnix Keeping @SenJohnMcCain in my thoughts as he recovers from recent surgery. The loss of PSP Trooper Michael Stewart is an awful tragedy. Kris & I send our prayers & condolences to his family, friends, & colleagues. … Today, the Senate unveiled an updated draft of our #BetterCare bill, which aims to address Obamacare’s failures. Read my statement:pic.twitter.com/njvKFFGZfo You can now read the updated Better Care Reconciliation Act draft here:   North Korea has crossed a dangerous threshold & we must take action. Working w/ @ChrisVanHollen on strong sanctions.   Final: Hit It Toomey tops Penn Is Mightier 23-11, retaining the Keystone Cup. Looking forward to next yr's game w/ @SenBobCasey & his squad.pic.twitter.com/gYKtN9kEzV Medicaid must be reformed to be sustainable. Watch the @SpecialReport segment on @FOXNews:  244,290 Pennsylvanians paid the individual mandate tax penalty, totaling $47 MILLION. 86% made less than $50k:   Obamacare’s numerous tax hikes made health care costlier and directly hit middle class families.   #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/5wZrbAE9g9 When reforming Medicaid, we must also preserve care. W/modest changes, we can. My @USATODAY op-ed w/Larry Lindsey:  Coming up next: I'll be on @squawkCNBC in just a moment. Stay tuned! I'll be joining @JoeNBC & @morningmika on @Morning_Joe shortly. Tune in! .@GeorgeWill on HC bill: '@SenToomey provision makes it this century's most significant domestic policy measure.'  If you've seen the @nytimes article today, here's a beehind-the-scenes look at the bee installation:  The middle class has been crushed by Obamacare’s tax hike. #BetterCare provides them necessary relief. #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/HClx2Ag7RZ Check out Sen. Heitkamp giving met a Pilates lesson, Sen Toomey keeping bees and other lawmaker hobbies: … We need to break the beltway mentality. Billions in new spending is not a cut.  pic.twitter.com/YKjNbE6pXi I sat down w/@AmerRadioJourn to discuss how #BetterCare will save Medicaid, and why we need tax reform now:   NYPD officer & mother of 3 assassinated in line of duty today. Thin Blue Line Act would ensure justice is served:   There's many myths out there about the Senate's draft health care bill. Here are the facts:   #MythVsFact Thanks @abc27news for hosting this town hall tonight. I appreciated the opportunity to answer questions from across PA. Going live at 7PM on @abc27news for a town hall to answer your questions. Hope you’ll tune in:  Tonight at 7, I'll be joining @abc27news for a town hall. I look forward to answering your questions! How to watch:  Wishing everyone a great 4th of July, a wonderful day to celebrate our independence with family and friends.  Under #BetterCare bill, Medicaid expansion stays—and fed. funding levels will eventually match all other Medicaid categories.pic.twitter.com/PurdhY2BHM Coming up soon: I'll be discussing health care reform with @SandraSmithFox on @SundayFutures. hope you'll tune in! #BetterCare While majority of funding comes from the federal govt, Medicaid is consuming state budgets. It must be reformed to provide #BetterCarepic.twitter.com/6zyuJCa6bk Why do we need to reform Medicaid now? Medicaid spending makes up a tenth of the federal budget. It's an unsustainable trend. #BetterCarepic.twitter.com/4vdfrDI3r1 Glad House is working to end dangerous sanctuary cities. Hope Senate acts soon.   ICYMI: What others are saying about reforming Medicaid’s growth rate provision.   #BetterCare On w/@HughHewitt & caller's small biz can't afford healthcare: "it breaks my heart." We must act. #BetterCare  Proud to lead bipartisan Senate effort w/@SenMarkey to condemn Chechnya & Russia on "honor killings" of gay men.   CBO analysis shows @SenateGOP #BetterCare plan ups Medicaid $$$ each year, but averts fiscal crisis, preserves program for next generation.pic.twitter.com/kAW54kZ5IL #TBT to when @SenateDems supported per capita caps to reform @MedicaidGov. #BetterCarepic.twitter.com/bpyYP0b1y4 Sen. Toomey: The opioid crisis is probably the most serious public health and safety threat     Sending thoughts and prayers to @MikePintekKDKA in his fight against cancer. We're all pulling for you! Coming up soon on @CNN, I sat down with @JakeTapper to discuss opioid treatment and saving @MedicaidGov. .@SenToomey: "The American people have spoken on this many times. They know that ObamaCare is failing."pic.twitter.com/joW4J6r0tL I disagree—the new sugar deal hikes prices for consumers even more. Here’s why:   … Happening now: Joining @FoxNews to discuss health care reform. Hope you can tune in.pic.twitter.com/FEwzx3O1TZ Glad to see @EPAScottPruitt sign proposal repealing harmful #WOTUS rule. Step in the right direction for farmers, landowners, and small biz. My thoughts on today’s delay of the Senate health care vote:pic.twitter.com/ofwoNySKT9 Congress is not ending Medicaid expansion.   #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/oakuju6MGf Read my statement on CBO’s score of the Better Care Reconciliation Act discussion draft:pic.twitter.com/An4cXpHdWQ I applaud #SCOTUS for striking a blow against religious discrimination.   You can now read the updated Better Care Reconciliation Act draft here:  … ICYMI: Read my op-ed on how the BCRA starts to fix Obamacare's failures & preserves our safety net. Also online:  pic.twitter.com/ECPdb8D5lD Toomey: I have to strongly disagree with the characterization that we're somehow ending the Medicaid expansion. In fact, quite the contrary.pic.twitter.com/yxy7rMAuoW Sen. Pat Toomey, part of health care legislation team, says bill "will codify and make permanent the Medicaid expansion." Live on @FaceTheNation this morning: Joining @Jdickerson to discuss the Senate's health care draft bill. THIS MORNING: We'll talk to Senators @PatToomey and @BillCassidy to get their take on the Senate health care billpic.twitter.com/zCEUlpbY9b I’ll be on @CBS21News shortly to share my views on health care reform. Hope you'll tune in!pic.twitter.com/8SxLd0x15j Always an honor to meet the young men and women who will be attending our great service academies. Watch the video:  Happy that @POTUS signed VA Accountability & Whistleblower Protection Act, which I cosponsored, into law. Veterans deserve the best care. Per capita caps are a bipartisan idea. Learn more:   #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/hcIHF50hd8 Reducing growth rate does not = cut. Learn more:   #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/DyNmQQDZcD Millions will not be kicked off Medicaid. Learn more:   #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/gd9pRGoiNk Medicaid is not sustainable in its current form. Learn more:   #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/qgVqYfYoeM Congress is not ending Medicaid expansion. Learn more:   #MythVsFactpic.twitter.com/L8QT40xjwL There's many myths out there about the Senate's draft health care bill. Here are the facts:   #MythVsFact My thoughts on how the Senate bill starts to fix Obamacare's failures & preserves our safety net in @phillydotcom:  Today, the Senate unveiled a draft bill aimed at fixing America's failing health care system. Read my statement:pic.twitter.com/JNbJKNP3eV The discussion draft is up. You can view the Senate Republican Health Care bill here:   Happening soon: I'll be joining @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness to discuss #healthcare and #taxes. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/md963gDE3p I enjoyed discussing pro-growth policies with @Apple CEO @Tim_Cook today.pic.twitter.com/g9ShJdk2fj Wishing all of my fellow dads a very happy and relaxing Father's Day! Joining @69News for a Facebook LIVE town hallI now! Tweet your questions using #AskSenToomey  … Great talking this morning w/local small business leaders in the Slate Belt about how we can best grow our economy and cut excess red tape.pic.twitter.com/87WTrZlakg Extending budget window will enable tax code that spurs robust growth. Glad @senorrinhatch & other lawmakers agree:  I have long supported strong sanctions on Iran+Russia. Proud to cosponsor bipartisan bill that passed 98-2:   Today's @federalreserve announcement constitutes a modest step forward in the long overdue process of monetary policy normalization. Glad that others agree this is the best path to true pro-growth #TaxReform … Proud to co-sponsor bipartisan bill to strengthen & expand sanctions against Russian government:   This We'll Defend.  Today marks 242 years of service to the nation by the amazing American Soldier     #ArmyBDay How do higher sugar prices help ordinary Americans? They don’t. They only help line pockets of big sugar growers.  240 years ago in 1777, the Continental Congress adopted the stars and stripes as the design of our nation’s flag. #FlagDaypic.twitter.com/pxIsYStB4J My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day. Keeping @SteveScalise, brave Capitol Police, and other victims in my prayers. (2/2) CMS predicts Medicaid savings from House bill are 50% below CBO’s projection:   (1/2) Nonpartisan independent CMS actuaries have dramatically different projections than CBO on House bill. Reforming the #CFPB & reducing regulations is crucial for increasing credit. My statement on @USTreasury report on regulatory relief:pic.twitter.com/eIcH5pKXwa Pro-growth #taxreform = more jobs, higher wages + less people on govt assistance. Watch my convo w/ @StevenMnuchin1:  Sugar agreement struck between @CommerceGov & Mexico is a raw deal. Good for big sugar, terrible for US consumers.  Always helpful to meet with @NCAforCACs PA members. Was happy to hear how the Crime Victims Fund dollars I fought for have helped CACs.pic.twitter.com/ylCjURJeXL A great meeting w/Col. Van Dootingh from the @911_AirliftWing in Pittsburgh. Excited for the base to house new C-17s!pic.twitter.com/TslrLZ28f3 Back to back. Congrats to the @penguins! … I applaud the nomination of Stephanos Bibas to U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit   Thrilled that 3 with PA roots were just picked for @NASA's 2017 Astronaut Candidate Class. Good luck & Godspeed.  After PGH & Philly VA scandals, honored to support VA Accountability & Whistleblower Protection Act. Veterans deserve best possible care. On this 73rd anniversary of #DDay, let us never forget the bravery of the allied forces who stormed the beaches of Normandy.pic.twitter.com/cznCIfWjsR My thoughts are with the people of London. We stand with our UK friends and allies in the fight against violent Islamist extremism. Mulvaney's support for attaching spending reforms to debt ceiling vote is a positive step to restoring fiscal sanity. Congratulations to 2017 PA Teacher of the Year, Lebanon's @FoxwellForest! Glad my office could help celebrate your achievement.pic.twitter.com/jkjbUiBMwA Thoughts are w/ Councilman David Oh & family. Wishing him a quick recovery & hope his attacker is brought to justice … Best of luck to the @Penguins! Let’s make it two years in a row! #LetsGoPens #StanleyCupFinalpic.twitter.com/M0RywdSy3c This #MemorialDay, we honor the brave men & women who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country and freedom.  Saddened to hear of the passing of Sen. Jim Bunning. A @Phillies great, he was the only Hall of Fame MLB player to ever serve in Congress. On this #PoppyDay, we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice. Learn more:  pic.twitter.com/K51PlXwaQJ Reviving the economy requires pro-growth tax reform. Director Mulvaney supports my idea on how we can achieve that:  About to go live with @RJHarrisWHP580. Tune in:  Glad that this fisherman was able to save this struggling bear cub in Huntington County:  … .@SenToomey "If you have strong economic growth, you have fewer people dependent on [government] programs"pic.twitter.com/h0etPijH7p Happening soon: I'll be joining @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness in a few moments to discuss the federal budget.pic.twitter.com/qiAmYd8wgR I support the broad goals of the #TrumpBudget, but there are particulars with which I disagree. Read my statement:  pic.twitter.com/4f7w67AWwp On with Sue Henry to discuss issues of the day. Listen live @WILKNewsradio:  Tonight’s attack in #Manchester is a tragedy. My thoughts are with the victims and their families. As we celebrate #ArmedForcesDay, let's give thanks to the selfless men + women serving in defense of our great nation.pic.twitter.com/NDBy8qwbq1 Joe Lieberman would be a great choice to lead the FBI. Kris and I extend our deepest condolences to Deputy Clymer, his family, and the entire Bucks County Sheriff’s office  I will be on @BloombergTV in a few minutes discussing how we can achieve real tax reform. Watch #Daybreak LIVE on @twitter.pic.twitter.com/I4dWSmDHuL Read my statement on the appointment of Robert Mueller to #SpecialCounsel:  pic.twitter.com/czjfnAkSVp As we honor #PoliceWeek, thank you to the men and women of law enforcement who keep our cities and streets safe.  #ICYMI: #Obamacare premium increases in #Pennsylvania are more than 50%pic.twitter.com/xofrYZMpXB Read my statement on reports regarding the president’s handling of classified information:  pic.twitter.com/W3P80E7H8A As we honor #PoliceWeek, I was happy @POTUS reiterated need for police to have equipment they need to keep us safe:   Thoughts are w/ kids, parents, & teachers of Philly's C.W. Henry School. Thx to 1st responders like @phillypolice.  I hope all the moms out there are having a great #MothersDay! The FOP is proud to support @SenToomey's 3 bills to help keep law enforcement safe and well protected. Thank you Senator for your support!pic.twitter.com/oy1bzgy615 Every day public safety officers put themselves in harm's way. This week I re-introduced 3 bills to support them:   My statement on #ComeyFiring:   I enjoyed meeting with PA's two @PruSpirit honorees: Lorelei McIntyre-Brewer & Amanda Yang, keep up the great work! #PruSpirit2017pic.twitter.com/jdSKwCK4JD Congrats to new @US_FDA Commissioner @ScottGottliebMD. We recently met to discuss how innovation can help #EndAlz.pic.twitter.com/GD5QcdHEAg #OTDIH in 1864: PA's own Elizabeth Cochran, AKA Nellie Bly, was born. She was a pioneer in the field of investigative journalism #PaFacts Read my statement on the $1.07 trillion omnibus spending package:   Thank you @resp_solutions advocates for inviting me to speak about common sense gun legislation to make our communities saferpic.twitter.com/HLpfZzgHz5 My @BV op-ed on how we can enact dramatic, pro-growth tax reform:  During #CharterSchoolsWeek, it's fitting that D.C. host those who've led the fight for school choice, like Philly’s own @SenTonyWilliams. Happy to see House act to give working women in the private sector same job flexibility as govt workers. Learn more:  Honored to be in #KOP w/police officers from across PA & USA to thank them for their great work.  Good luck to the kids from PGH’s N. Allegheny Intermediate HS & Winchester Thurston School as they compete in the #NatSciBowl. @DOE_SC_NSB Creation of VA Accountability Office is a great step in the ongoing effort for our #veterans to get the services & help they earned. ICYMI: I was on @SquawkCNBC this morning sharing my expectations for the type of plan we need for economic recovery:  Thanks to the members of Tuesdays w/ Toomey and Keystone Progress for taking the time to meet with me yesterday.pic.twitter.com/GQgCvkLckc This plan will promote economic growth, create jobs, and raise wages. My statement on @POTUS #tax proposal:   Thank you @SenToomey‘s staff for discussing #science funding & for the great PA based snacks. #setcvdpic.twitter.com/z7hRvmSMNI I’ll be on with @SquawkCNBC in a few mins from the Russell rotunda covering tax reform, health care and the first 100 days.pic.twitter.com/FbvtBFxbT2 Yesterday I sat down with @6abc in Philadelphia to provide my take on the first 100 days. Watch below:pic.twitter.com/XtjKCC3ztQ Congrats to @USDA @SecretarySonny He will support PA farming, like our NEPA dairy farms, mushroom farms in Chester & everywhere in between.pic.twitter.com/tXh8jRxqi9 I look forward to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump tax proposal. Agree that real reform doesn’t need to be revenue neutral. As Yom HaShoah begins tonight, we remember the 6 million Jews who perished in the Holocaust. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/MbeOBWdMaX 