Congratulations to Kay York for being named Arkansas Principal of the Year. The students of @AshdownSchools High School and the community are well served by your leadership. #POY2018 #PrincipalsAdvocatepic.twitter.com/x6lNGirxMC Appreciate @CFArkansas coming in yesterday. Arkansas catfish farmers produce a delicious, high-quality product and form an important part of our rural economy.pic.twitter.com/ImILVrAFwv The USS Wasp should try Kaohsiung instead. I’m sure Taiwan would be more than happy to host our U.S. Sailors and Marines for a port call. … Gene made Arkansas State University into the proud institution it is today, and all of Northeast Arkansas has benefitted from his hard work and leadership there. My thoughts and prayers are with his family as we all remember a life well-lived. … Mortally wounded, Ari Fuld heroically pursued the Palestinian terrorist who took his life, ensuring he didn’t harm others. My thoughts and prayers are with his family. … Proud of the 188th for their support of hurricane relief efforts. … This change will remove the threat posed to business owners and their employees and is a victory for any Arkansan who enjoys the convenience of local franchises. By reversing the Obama-era Browning-Ferris standard, the National Labor Relations Board’s proposed rule returns to the time-honored definition of ‘joint employer.’ This EO signals to foreign adversaries that might try to influence or undermine our elections that we won't tolerate such interference & will impose high penalties for it. I commend the administration for announcing these measures as we get into the heart of the midterm elections … It’s rich for the Russians to protest the U.S.’s refusal to certify one of their planes for the Open Skies Treaty when they routinely restrict surveillance flights over Kaliningrad. The Open Skies Treaty is out of date and favors Russia, and the best way forward is to leave it. The next time you pick up school supplies for your kids, gas up the car, or buy groceries for your family, remember the tens of thousands of Arkansans who currently spend their lives on the road, away from their own families, to make that all possible. National Truck Driver Appreciation Week is the time to recognize that the millions of truck drivers across the country are why the rest of us have regular access to the essential goods we need every day. … Today we remember the 17th anniversary of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.  pic.twitter.com/0xu8wYVWlH HOGS-RAMS.   It’s game day in Colorado!pic.twitter.com/4dMk6zanFX ICYMI: Today I warned Twitter and Facebook executives against working with U.S. adversaries  Saddened to hear about the passing of Arkansas WWII veteran Neal Johnson who I had the honor of meeting in 2015 when my office recovered his lost military medals. My thoughts and prayers are with his family.pic.twitter.com/TlmAhrEwwk Good move by POTUS. Now Congress needs to pass the retirement-savings bills my colleagues and I introduced last month so more small businesses can offer their employees 401(k)s and more Americans can retire with peace of mind. … A good way to honor @senjohnmccain today is to point out that Vladimir Putin detained opposition leader Alexei Navalny ahead of nationwide protests. Russia should face consequences unless Navalny is released and peaceful protests are permitted. … John McCain was an American original.  pic.twitter.com/zDmPmjYw2K I told the Iraqi ambassador multiple times that his country would benefit from opening its market to Arkansas rice, & I'm pleased to see this deal finally come through. Arkansas rice is second to none, & I'm confident we'll find many more customers in this promising new market. … I commend Australia for this action, and now is the time for the United States to ban Chinese 5G technology. We didn't cede outer space to the Soviets, and it would be just as dangerous to let China take the lead in 5G technology. … ICYMI: My Q&A from yesterday’s banking committee hearing on Russian Sanctions  100% agree. And the last thing we should do is let fentanyl traffickers out of prison early. … My statement on Taiwan’s termination of Diplomatic Relations with El Salvador:   My statement on the Trump administration’s rollback of Obama climate rule:  pic.twitter.com/JEwrUqikp5 A reminder of the terrorist threat posed by Iran. Thanks to the @FBI for their work. … Great news for Camden and Arkansas as a whole! Thanks to Aerojet for your continued investment in the Natural State. … The FDA is right to recognize unwashed poppy seeds for what they are: a deadly drug that can destroy lives. This directive is an important first step towards solving this problem. … Thank you @JessiTurnure with @KARK4News for speaking with me today in Little Rock. You can catch the full interview this Sunday morning at 8:30.pic.twitter.com/XgpRzpzJkm I appreciated the chance to speak with @RobyBrock earlier today about a long series of policies, international and domestic, that affect the lives of Arkansans. You can catch the full interview this Sunday.pic.twitter.com/Pv9q54wdWI Thanks .@SenTomCotton for taking time to hear from representatives of Arkansas’s #1 industry. We appreciate your time, attention, and support as farmers & the Ag industry as a whole face many challenges. #ArAgpic.twitter.com/4zR6YvnEmj More from the meeting with @SenTomCotton. #ArkAgpic.twitter.com/lf41W5YXz8 Thank you to the @ARDeptofAgricul for allowing me to host my farm roundtable at your facility today and for the invaluable service you provide our state.pic.twitter.com/njvCCTEF30 Thank you @heatherwrightTV for sitting down with me to talk Red River Army Depot, trade, and more in Texarkana yesterday.pic.twitter.com/yX3hAWuEbT Speaking this morning at the Arkansas Crime Lab in Little Rock. A good relationship between state and federal law enforcement is critical for keeping Arkansans safe.pic.twitter.com/OlD1XKfWUU Spent the rest of my morning in Magnolia where I visited with residents, local officials, and also toured Anthony Oak Flooring. Thanks to everyone who came for your questions and hospitality.pic.twitter.com/S1yeXpkNRX Thank you to the community of El Dorado and its community leaders for having me this morning. I appreciate your allowing me to speak and take questions. Your passion for this place is undeniable, and I'm honored to be your partner in Washington.pic.twitter.com/CJH189N99c Thank you @davidm_cook for visiting my office and bringing this important bill to my attention, more than happy to help! … ICYMI: my op-ed with @OrrinHatch in @dcexaminer "Close the loophole that's letting violent criminals go free"  Congratulations to my friend and colleague @SenDanSullivan as he takes the reins of @IRIglobal. Thank you to @SenJohnMcCain for your decades of service to this important institution. I also told Judge Kavanaugh I would support him on one condition: he smokes a pipe during his confirmation hearing like the late Justice Scalia.pic.twitter.com/6xCHaNlQOB I had an excellent meeting with Judge Kavanaugh today. My statement:pic.twitter.com/wxGz11XCfU Great news from @Etsy. @AGRutledge and I are committed to working together to stop unwashed poppy seeds from being used to smuggle opium. … A big thank you to North Platte, Nebraska for the hospitality you showed to Arkansas soldiers passing through your town. It’s places like this that make America so special (cc: @SenatorFischer @SenSasse @RepAdrianSmith) … Congratulations to our office Navy Fellow Sean McClintock on his promotion to Commander. I was honored to join Sean and his family today as he took his oath in front of the original U.S. Constitution.pic.twitter.com/4BTnLnPBdC It was great to see friends from MARVA and Abilities Unlimited today. Thank you for the work you do to protect employment choices for Arkansans.pic.twitter.com/6I2p0iSgy8 Great to see Kamilla, Trinity, Sam, and Alex with Boys and Girls Nation in D.C. today!pic.twitter.com/gJnrRz1XqG It’s disappointing that @AmericanAir, @Delta, and @united removed references to Taiwan on their websites in order to comply with an ultimatum issued by the Chinese government.   Great to be with ⁦@SecPompeo⁩ at the Reagan Library tonight discussing Iran. The U.S. stands shoulder to shoulder with the courageous Iranian people protesting their corrupt regime.pic.twitter.com/PhTajWdFAK STARTING SOON: Go to   or   to watch @SecPompeo’s remarks “Supporting Iranian Voices” at 6p PT/9p ET.pic.twitter.com/tpkKUUmVBT How is no one paying attention to this? … My statement on the National Defense Authorization Act conference report:   Those who want to abolish ICE really just want open borders….these irresponsible politicians should know better. They aren’t worthy to lead the brave, hardworking men and women of ICE.  Today I introduced the Iran Hostage Act, which would sanction Iranian officials responsible for holding American hostages. MORE:   My statement on the Helsinki Summit:pic.twitter.com/e0bDgr5tEn Today .@JohnBoozman and I sent a letter of support for the Army’s assignment of Red River Army Depot in Texarkana as the depot source of repair (DSOR) for the Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle program.   Great to meet with Guatemalan Ambassador Manuel Espina today and learn more about their efforts to fight terrorism and drug trafficking. I also appreciate Guatemala’s decision to join the U.S. in moving their Israeli embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.pic.twitter.com/LQpAjbnFi5 Lee was an excellent first Solicitor General for the Natural State. He set a high bar and we’re grateful for his service. I wish him the best of luck. … Productive meeting yesterday with Kathy Kraninger, nominee to be the Director of the CFPB. We discussed increasing consumer protections through the free market.pic.twitter.com/ZsUgD9EQuH Go @SOArkansas! Arkansas is so proud of all our Special Olympics athletes. #TeamARpic.twitter.com/5B3Jee8WfY Pleased that Department of Justice JAG funding came through for Arkansas. These grants will support law enforcement and help fun critical programs to keep Arkansans safe. Justice Kennedy has had a long and distinguished career on the Court. I thank him and wish him the very best in a well-deserved retirement after a lifetime of service to our great country. I look forward to confirming a worthy successor.   Great win! One more to go! #wps … Pleased the Senate Intelligence Committee unanimously passed the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act earlier today. This bill will provide the Intelligence Community with the critical tools they need to protect our national security. The Iranian people are now speaking out, and the United States stands with them. My statement on the protests in Iran:  pic.twitter.com/wTzPZizhpr My statement on the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra  pic.twitter.com/MeJCyXM9qy My statement on Trump v. Hawaii  pic.twitter.com/PQhuFESSMv What a game! Can’t wait to watch y’all Monday! #wps … Our national discourse will be poorer without the wit and wisdom of Charles Krauthammer, but he left a remarkable legacy that all of us will draw from for years to come. I extend my deepest condolences to his wife Robbie, his son Daniel, and all his family and friends. My statement on the Supreme Court's decision in Lucia v. SEC:   Google’s partnership with Chinese telecommunication companies like Huawei is concerning. Especially given their recent decision to terminate a key partnership, Project Maven with the DoD. MORE:   Good to see @USDOL expand access to association health plans, as I recommended. This provides new, affordable options for working Arkansans. … Honored to visit Dyess Air Force Base last week. Thanks for your hospitality and your work to keep our country safe.pic.twitter.com/EzWZ4hpcAq This morning, @DeptVetAffairs announced misconduct by a former VA pathologist at the Fayetteville VA Medical Center. See the full statement below from the entire AR Congressional delegation.  Veterans w/ questions or concerns are encouraged to call:  479-582-7995 or 866-388-5248.pic.twitter.com/dL1Uqjif0R The best state in the Union turned one year older today. Arkansas, 182 never looked so good .pic.twitter.com/CxDpLgZls1 Great to meet today with the North Korean defectors and advocates who are this year’s @NEDemocracy #DemAward recipients. Their dedication to human rights in North Korea is inspiring.pic.twitter.com/PL2uMsfaXr If Apple is willing to store Chinese customers’ data on a state-owned firm’s servers, then it should be more than willing to cooperate with valid warrants from U.S. law enforcement. Criminals and terrorists should never take precedence over the safety of the American people. … Happy Birthday @USArmy! … About to join @ChrisVanHollen on the Senate floor to talk about our #ZTE amendment to #NDAA. Tune in! Our nation is strong because of their service and sacrifice. … Congratulations @RazorbackBSB on a great win last night! Good luck in Omaha! #Omahogs #WPS #CWS2018 … This new expansion is a sign of the friendship between America and Taiwan, which will continue to grow in strength in the years to come. … Pleased the amendment I introduced with @ChrisVanHollen & @SenSchumer is included in the NDAA. The threat Huawei & ZTE pose to our national security is too great to ignore. This amendment will help keep Americans' private info out of the hands of the Chinese Communist Party. Given their repeated violations of U.S. law, we cannot trust Huawei or ZTE to respect U.S. national security, and so it's vital we hold them accountable and pass this amendment:   Huawei & ZTE have extensive ties w/ the Chinese Communist Party, as well as a track record of doing business w/ rogue regimes like North Korea & Iran. It's only prudent that no one in the federal government use their equipment or services & that they receive no taxpayer dollars. My letter to Secretaries Nielsen & Acosta regarding the increase in the number of H-2B temporary nonagricultural visas without "improving protections for American workers and visa holders and increasing enforcement of wage and workplace safety laws." -->   Last week, the Departments of Labor and Homeland Security approved an additional 15,000 H-2B visas through the end of the fiscal year - a nearly twenty-five percent increase in the number of visas issued through this program. This legislation will return audit requirements to the former standard, one appropriate for these kinds of firms and which will allow our broker-dealers to expand and help create more jobs:   It makes no sense to require our small non-custodial broker-dealers to get the same audits required of public companies. There's no evidence such a requirement has created a healthier investment environment; it has merely contributed to higher costs and fewer small firms.  … I commend @SenateMajLdr for extending the summer legislative session in the face of unprecedented Democratic obstruction. My statement:   My statement on the Supreme Court’s decision in Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission:   Upcoming travel? Friendly reminder to check your passport expiration date and contact my office if you need help with an expedited renewal before you leave!   I applaud #Walmart for providing all their employees, including more than 50,000 in Arkansas, the chance to get a college degree for only $1 a day. … My statement on the Right to Try Act of 2017 becoming law:   The state of Arkansas has the right to hold abortion clinics to commonsense standards of safety, and I'm glad to see the Supreme Court unanimously reject this groundless lawsuit. … Well-deserved honor after a great season. Good luck @RazorbackBSB! … My statement on Memorial Day:  pic.twitter.com/o39MsFTyKQ This is a good day for community banks and credit unions in Arkansas. My statement on the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act becoming law:  pic.twitter.com/r0hOUDkXeH North Korea has a long history of demanding concessions merely to negotiate. While past administrations of both parties have fallen for this ruse, I commend the president for seeing through Kim Jong Un’s fraud.  pic.twitter.com/sHTR72YUjO Great news for @uapbinfo and @UAPBLionsRoar! … Last week, Yell County honored the life of Deputy Sheriff Kevin Mainhart who was killed in the line of duty last year by dedicating a memorial plaque at the Yell County Law Enforcement Center.pic.twitter.com/jxzABge1HF My statement on the Supreme Court’s decision to hear Virginia Uranium, Inc. v. Warren:   Yesterday @SecPompeo laid out a wise strategy to eliminate Iran’s nuclear-weapons program once and for all.   Pleased the Senate passed my resolution commemorating the 70th anniversary of The Old Guard’s reactivation into service.  pic.twitter.com/M0CWSYoZ1y Great to see Susie and Taylor with Douglas Companies and hear about how tax reform helped their company in Arkansas. Thanks for stopping by!pic.twitter.com/7MbzsiwAaz Thanks to Hix Smith from Nashville with the Ready Mix Concrete association for stopping by yesterday!pic.twitter.com/0jOy0VeQ8o Pleased the Senate voted to confirm Gina Haspel as Director of the CIA today. Gina is a skilled, brave, patriotic woman who will serve our country with distinction in this most critical post.  Great to see Patrick with the Axis Forged Axle Plant in Paragould in DC yesterday.pic.twitter.com/TOYXzUok9l Thanks to @McCaskillOffice, @SenTomCotton, @SenatorHeitkamp and @SenJohnHoeven for helping address the evolving security threats posed by unmanned aircraft. … Honored to have Arkansas police officers Scott Moore and Darrell Prewitt in town this week for #policeweek2018. Thankful for all police officers do to keep us safe.pic.twitter.com/cFhYubDsDW My statement on the opening of the new American Embassy in Jerusalem:  pic.twitter.com/zGPahFf26C WATCH my Q&A on the impact sequestration has had on our military:   … Gina Haspel should be confirmed as soon as possible as we live in a time of continuing threats. ICYMI: Watch my interview with @foxandfriends this morning about Gina Haspel’s nomination to be Director of the CIA.  Gina Haspel has spent her life defending our country. She’s an excellent choice for CIA. READ my op-ed on @FoxNews:  … My statement on the release of American Prisoners by North Korea:  pic.twitter.com/9GWLeU4dZv Joining @foxandfriends shortly to discuss the Iran deal and Gina Haspel’s nomination to be @CIA Director. Tune in! READ: Gina Haspel is too qualified to pass up via @washingtonpost @marcthiessen … My statement on the Iran deal:  pic.twitter.com/1klQhycGcX Great to see you today! … Congratulations to Edward Poletti, the chief of learning resources at the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System who was recently named the Federal Librarian of the Year! … Opposing Gina Haspel for political reasons puts our national security at risk. She is beyond qualified to lead the CIA.  … via @WSJ I'm pleased with Attorney General Sessions’s decision to send judges and prosecutors to the border to deal with the immigrant caravan. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/l3v1k8iRjE Today we mourn the passing of former state senator Jim Argue. He was a great Arkansan and he will be missed. Former CIA Director: Haspel Is ‘Absolute Best Choice to Be the Director of CIA’ via @freebeacon … My statement on .@netanyahu’s speech on Iran today:  … After a 24-year-old UA grad died from drinking tea brewed with unwashed poppy seeds ordered online, his parents and U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton are urging federal officials to take action:  … #ARnewspic.twitter.com/5JGxgd7hij WATCH my floor speech on the dangers of unwashed poppy seeds, a little-known opioid that took the life of Stephen Hacala, Jr. from Rogers, Arkansas … At 9:30 ET, tune in for SASC's hearing on @DeptofDefense FY19 budget request and Future Years Defense Program with witnesses Secretary of Defense Mattis, Under Secretary Norquist (Comptroller), and @thejointstaff Chairman GEN Dunford. Watch here:  … French President Emmanuel Macron awarded three U.S. World War II veterans with the Legion of Honor, the highest French order of merit for military and civic excellence. I was honored to attend that ceremony yesterday and to meet these brave men and their families.pic.twitter.com/QSpkDwowQE About to join @FaceTheNation. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/QYYTvpGDcW My new @WashingtonPost column: 11 senators are about to make a big mistake … Great to see Korean business leaders and discuss future opportunities to invest in Arkansas this week.pic.twitter.com/aVbnkwlzr0 Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright →"[Mike Pompeo] will be somebody that replenishes The @StateDept"  READ my op-ed with Chairman Ajit Pai on @FoxNews about how hostile powers threaten our communication networks:  My statement on U.S. strikes in Syria:  … Five years later, I'm glad we have a president who took my & Mike Pompeo's advice. … Earlier today, I joined Harris Faulkner on Fox News to discuss why I support Mike Pompeo's nomination to be Secretary of State. Watch the full interview here:  pic.twitter.com/PLMCeX6q2Y We should take a serious second look at whether to extend the New START Treaty given Russia's repeated violations of its international commitments. Watch my Q&A with Dr. Robert Soofer, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear and Missile Defense Policy.pic.twitter.com/58wrmhmOL3 Today, I spoke on the Senate floor in honor of the 70th anniversary of The Old Guard's reactivation. Watch below.  … Excited to join @ronaldreagan40 and lead the Reagan Institute in DC!  … A great way to commemorate the 39th anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act. … Americans get more ways to avoid Obamacare penalty  pic.twitter.com/7WVUgIDHOQ Wide array of senior national security professionals, who disagree on many issues, agree that Gina Haspel is the right person to lead CIA.     … Full Court Press for Haspel –   More than 50 former senior US government officials sent a letter to the Senate intelligence committee Monday to support Trump nominee Gina Haspel to lead @CIA. Read here.  #CipherBriefThreatCon … My statement on the recent chemical attack in Syria:  …pic.twitter.com/3oNKRHSCoT My statement on sheltered workshops that serve Arkansans with developmental disabilities:  …pic.twitter.com/zUMTAInMi6 My statement on the newly imposed sanctions on Russian oligarchs:  …pic.twitter.com/2pMhPMLnN7 Anna and I are truly touched by the great work being done at the MARVA Workshop here in Russellville. Their story is an inspiring one.pic.twitter.com/nQmQteCkZx ICYMI: READ my op-ed with @AGRutledge on @ArkansasOnline about solutions to the opioid epidemic … Great to see @AGRutledge today and talk more about our work to fight drug traffickers. … My statement on the University of Arkansas receiving a Department of Defense award:  …pic.twitter.com/Q2zn3idl6o Congratulations to @AGRutledge and her family on this wonderful news! … I also congratulate Ambassador John Bolton for his appointment as the next National Security Advisor. He's an excellent choice to take the baton from General McMaster. H.R. McMaster is a warrior and a scholar, one of the best generals of his generation. I join all Arkansans in thanking him for decades of service to our nation, most recently as President Trump's National Security Advisor. Great to talk to the @NFRW including the Arkansas Federation of Republican Women. And to meet their youngest member, Rachel!pic.twitter.com/dhsrcoGRgR Glad to see @BestBuy put national security first and stop selling Huawei phones. Other U.S. companies should follow their lead. … ICYMI: I questioned General Hyten, Commander of the U.S. Strategic Command, about the nuclear posture review during @SASCMajority hearing today.  I joined @newsradio1029 this morning to discuss the nomination of Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State and trade. LISTEN:  ICYMI: I joined @hughhewitt earlier today to discuss Mike Pompeo’s nomination to be Secretary of State.  Happy National Agriculture Day! #agday2018 #AgDaypic.twitter.com/pkBtf2PCKb Today the Supreme Court will hear arguments in an important case surrounding the first amendment rights of crisis pregnancy centers. I hope the Court will protect their freedoms.  pic.twitter.com/PNi5GeTVd0 Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Listen live:  My statement on the President’s opioid initiative:  pic.twitter.com/ICBmKLLAZ2 READ my op-ed on @FoxNews: Why I support Pompeo at State, Haspel at CIA  … More photos from #ICEX18. Learn more here:  …pic.twitter.com/ThljZqLdbS Great to join the @USNavy for #ICEX18 in the Arctic this weekend.pic.twitter.com/Av16icSFAR First stop on #ICEX18 is Prudhoe Bay, Alaska.pic.twitter.com/x8FvZwcn7E Great story out of Paragould! Thanks to Officer Harris and the Arkansas State Police for all you to do keep us safe and support our communities. Sounds like Officer Joseph has a future in law enforcement!  … Good luck to all those participating in the Ms. Wheelchair Arkansas pageant this weekend in Little Rock! My deepest condolences go out to the family and friends of the 7 service members killed in yesterday’s helicopter crash in Iraq. Let us never forget their service or their sacrifice. This latest round of sanctions is necessary to counter Russia’s concerted campaign of aggression against us and our allies. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/tv1j1UhUD2 My statement on Senate passage of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Bill:  pic.twitter.com/omqLvAsIrR Enjoyed meeting with retired Generals this morning to discuss the importance of international development and diplomacy.pic.twitter.com/FKFznJ5mAm ICYMI - I joined @DanaPerino on @dailybriefing yesterday to discuss the nomination of Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State and Gina Haspel for CIA Director. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/6E7141Rg9U ICYMI - I joined @DanaPerino on @DailyBriefing to discuss the the nomination of Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State and Gina Haspel for CIA Director. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/7XreH400JP LISTEN to my interview on @newsradio1029 this morning:pic.twitter.com/JsdftYVbKr Joining @DanaPerino on @dailybriefing shortly. Tune in! ICYMI – I joined @HughHewitt this morning. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/Q6JZwdipjF My statement on the nomination of Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State and Gina Haspel for CIA Director:  pic.twitter.com/RM0xJG8Q5m Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Great to meet with the Arkansas @SenateYouth representatives, Celia and Pablo, last week. Congratulations and I hope you enjoyed your time in Washington!pic.twitter.com/qGdqp34Vbq My statement on President Trump’s announced meeting with North Korea:  pic.twitter.com/9bUz1u0rrY Yesterday I introduced the PACED Act which would crack down on pharmaceutical patent abuse and help control drug costs for Arkansas seniors. MORE:   WATCH the @SASCmajority hearing on United States European Command live:  … Today I introduced the PACED Act which would crack down on pharmaceutical patent abuse and help control drug costs for Arkansas seniors. MORE:   Thanks for having me! … WATCH the @BudgetGOP hearing on the Department of Defense Audit and Business Operations Reform at the Pentagon:   I joined @JohnBoozman and @rep_stevewomack today in announcing that Fort Smith will receive a $8,527,893 grant from the @USDOT to repair and rehabilitate three rail bridges that cross Clear Creek and the Arkansas River:   WATCH my Q&A on North Korea from this morning's @SASCmajority hearing on Worldwide Threats:pic.twitter.com/elCyObMlDz WATCH the @SASCMajority hearing on worldwide threats live:   I joined the entire Arkansas delegation today in applauding CMS’s approval of work requirements for Arkansas’s Medicaid program. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/EqIm8XEOfK Qualcomm's work is too important to our national security to let it fall into the hands of a foreign company-and in a hostile takeover no less. My statement on the CFIUS review of Broadcom's Bid for Qualcomm:   Great turnout this week for the ribbon cutting for the Crisis Stabilization Center in Sebastian County.pic.twitter.com/YBLQ5QyPcK Thanks to all who took part in the Children’s Safety Center Partners and Prevention Lunch in Springdale this week.pic.twitter.com/eliWLMc2ij CFIUS should investigate Broadcom’s efforts to gain control of Qualcomm. It’s alarming that one of our most important telecom companies could soon fall under foreign control. … Pleased POTUS announced well-qualified & capable nominees to the U.S. Sentencing Commission. Look forward to supporting these candidates and ensuring we have an effective, fair Commission. … ICYMI – This morning I questioned the Federal Reserve chairman on raising wages for American workers. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/OXLCdvhHeB My statement on Senate passage of the Taiwan Travel Act that will encourage visits between U.S. and Taiwanese officials:   Honored to meet with the family, classmates, and supporters of Taylor Force this week about the Taylor Force Act. It’s an outrage that US taxpayers are still subsidizing Palestinian terrorism and the murder of Americans and Israelis. The Senate should pass this bill immediately.pic.twitter.com/DsY6SXCSig My statement on Senate passage of the Taiwan Travel Act that will encourage visits between U.S. and Taiwanese officials:  pic.twitter.com/tV5oermyKP $240 a year into Arkansans’ pockets. That’s Christmas presents, groceries, gas money, all due to tax reform. READ: “Entergy Arkansas Files Plan to Pass Tax Cut Benefits to Customers” via @ArkBusiness  … Great turnout for the @RLACC annual celebration last week. Thanks for your work.pic.twitter.com/CliWSBaa17 My office had a great time at the Congressional Service Academy Night at Central High last week. If you’re interested in learning more about applying to a service academy, please contact my Springdale office:  pic.twitter.com/R6wfycljkn Billy Graham was America’s pastor, but he also inspired millions around the world through his faith. Today, I was proud to join my colleagues in paying tribute to this great man in the Capitol Rotunda.pic.twitter.com/QDjgfxnoUm Thanks to these Arkansans with @DAVHQ for their work to support our veterans.pic.twitter.com/vKthoacChs WATCH the @SASCmajority hearing on US Cyber Command live:   Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! My statement on the attacks on rebel-held Eastern Ghouta by Bashar Assad’s forces in Syria:  pic.twitter.com/nrqm8KhfNJ Great to talk with Arkansas legislators in Little Rock this afternoon. Thanks for having me!pic.twitter.com/rXRcE8Vuap It’s disappointing that YouTube and Instagram would shut down one of the few voices of opposition to Vladimir Putin just a month before Russia’s elections. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/l1nNRobuuo Thanks to the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System for hosting a National Salute to Veteran Patients earlier this week. Thanks to all of our veterans for your service.pic.twitter.com/QIPuDukyEF READ: 'Chinese Telecoms Could Join Kaspersky On Governmentwide Banned List'  The Senate’s failure to pass immigration legislation shows just how unserious the Democrats are about illegal immigration. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/vELGfixujK This afternoon I spoke on the Senate floor to denounce the reckless immigration proposal from Senator Schumer. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/x4YUkCbiSI ICYMI – I spoke on the Senate floor earlier this week in favor of the Secure and Succeed Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/q7pjrDdT3t ICYMI – I joined @foxandfriends Tuesday to discuss the Secure and Succeed Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/JNSDVjHXXJ Unbelievable. The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration plan actually suspends enforcement of illegal immigration until June 2018. This is incredibly misguided and makes our country vulnerable to gangs, traffickers, and terrorists.pic.twitter.com/1bGOUZhGnN Congratulations to the Siloam Springs Chamber of Commerce on a successful annual banquet.pic.twitter.com/fm22hO1aW8 Yesterday I joined @CBSThisMorning to discuss immigration. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/COP887Lh1A Thanks to all who recently took part in the Hope Cottages Groundbreaking in Harrison.pic.twitter.com/5myzEKYlkb LISTEN to my interview with @newsradio1029 from yesterday:pic.twitter.com/cHN5qCsonb ICYMI – I spoke on the Senate floor earlier this week in favor of the Secure and Succeed Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/pxLm4ZIMUR ICYMI – Yesterday on @hughhewitt I called on Democrats to support the Secure and Succeed Act. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/TGKJVMh8lP I enjoyed meeting with Nathan, Terri, and Irvin with Arkansas Special Olympics and talking about our federal partnerships. Thanks for your time.pic.twitter.com/GRhCRtacQr Thanks to representatives from @NWACC for stopping by today.pic.twitter.com/eXzqZquLw4 ICYMI – This morning on @HughHewitt I called on Democrats to support the Secure and Succeed Act. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/m6ylh3mMY6 LISTEN to my interview with @newsradio1029 from this morning:pic.twitter.com/aJbi4DQDUZ Earlier today I joined @CBSThisMorning to discuss immigration. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/S5boX29h0q ICYMI – I joined @FoxandFriends this morning to discuss the Secure and Succeed Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/DH9kvblpzr WATCH the @BudgetGOP hearing on the President's FY 2019 Budget Proposal live:   WATCH the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on Worldwide Threats live:   Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @foxandfriends shortly. Tune in! Joining @CBSThisMorning shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in!  ICYMI – I spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon in favor of the Secure and Succeed Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/icmZIhHF3i WATCH LIVE: My press conference on the Secure and Succeed Act:  WATCH LIVE: My press conference on the Secure and Succeed Act:  Tomorrow, 6 of my colleagues and I will introduce a proposal that will protect those eligible for DACA, but also make sure we don’t end up back here in 5 years by truly solving the underlying problems with our immigration system. MORE:   My statement on the budget agreement:  pic.twitter.com/vownR2O2tc I joined my colleagues yesterday in introducing Eric’s Law, a bill that aims to deliver justice to victims and their families in federal death penalty cases. MORE:   Yesterday @SenBlumenthal and I asked Secretary Mattis to evaluate the security risks of fitness trackers on military bases around the world. MORE:   Today @SenDougJones and I introduced legislation that would clarify commercial real estate lending rules by providing a clear definition for loans requiring larger capital allocations. MORE:   Yesterday @SenRubioPress and I introduced legislation that would prohibit the U.S. government from using Chinese telecommunications companies. MORE:   The tax reform wins continue to stack up for Arkansas. Great to hear @TysonFoods will invest $100 million in bonuses for employees. … WATCH the @SASCmajority hearing on nominations live:   Today @SenRubioPress and I introduced legislation that would prohibit the U.S. government from using Chinese telecommunications companies. MORE:   Today @SenBlumenthal and I asked Secretary Mattis to evaluate the security risks of fitness trackers on military bases around the world. MORE:   I joined my colleagues today in introducing Eric’s Law, a bill that aims to deliver justice to victims and their families in federal death penalty cases. MORE:   ICYMI – I joined @newsradio1029 this morning. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/G5iKKNWtVs LISTEN to my interview with @HughHewitt from this morning:pic.twitter.com/ewP5o2RfX7 Thanks to members of the Arkansas Rural Water Association for stopping by to talk with me this week.pic.twitter.com/PbHLF0WWam WATCH the @BankingGOP hearing on Virtual Currencies: The Oversight Role of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission live:  Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! My statement on the Nuclear Posture Review:  pic.twitter.com/awfMQIvlD6 Central High School (Little Rock, AR) won their regional Science Bowl event this weekend! On to National Finals this April! #NSB2018 @lrsd  … ICYMI – I joined @MichaelJMorell on the Intelligence Matters podcast. LISTEN:  Tonight, the president outlined an ambitious agenda for the year ahead, and I look forward to working on this agenda. My full statement on President Trump's State of the Union address:  pic.twitter.com/OqxrFtSh50 I joined @newsradio1029 this morning to discuss my expectations for the upcoming State of the Union tonight. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/9UlqxsNLJM LISTEN to my interview with @hughhewitt from this morning:pic.twitter.com/BmNnWBxAU6 WATCH the Financial Stability Oversight Council Annual Report to Congress at @BankingGOP live:  WATCH the @SASCmajority hearing on the situation on the Korean Peninsula and U.S. Strategy in the Indo-Pacific Region live:   Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Whatever political intransigence we face, the pro-life movement must continue to do all we can to build support for this bill and create a culture of life. My statement on the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act:  … I introduced the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act today with @senorrinhatch. MORE:  … My statement on the arrest of Alexei Navalny:  … My statement on President Trump’s immigration framework:  … Today @JohnBoozman and I wrote to @CMSGov to express our support for a proposal that will lower drug costs for Arkansas seniors:   Arkansas children should have the best chance to succeed, and parents should have the ability to decide which path is best for their children’s education. #NationalSchoolChoiceWeek #schoolchoice Great to talk with representatives from the Hot Springs @YMCA today about youth mentoring in Arkansas.pic.twitter.com/kYcpXUqoeZ LISTEN to my interview with @hughhewitt from yesterday morning:pic.twitter.com/MjGTeddjtJ ICYMI – I joined @foxandfriends yesterday morning to discuss immigration. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/ArNDR4yb09 I talked with @newsradio1029 today about ending the government shutdown and immigration. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/TFFHfIav6f LISTEN to my interview with @HughHewitt from this morning:pic.twitter.com/mLStMxAnvb ICYMI – I joined @foxandfriends this morning to discuss immigration. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/TjDc71IcBv Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Joining @foxandfriends shortly. Tune in! It’s good news for the American people that the federal government will soon reopen, but it should have never been closed in the first place. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/G6ACN2U0xJ ICYMI – I joined @chucktodd on @MeetThePress this morning to discuss immigration. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/XHTN07XFta Joining @MeetThePress shortly. Tune in! Earlier tonight I joined @marthamaccallum on The Story to discuss the last-minute negotiations to prevent a government shutdown. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/j8AcWAzyBi Joining @marthamaccallum shortly. Tune in! It’s inspiring to see so many Americans, especially so many young people, taking part in this year’s national March for Life. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/cxmWypzjY8 ICYMI—Earlier today I talked with @DanaPerino on @DailyBriefing about the last-minute negotiations to prevent a government shutdown. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/Hx27KdphoS My statement on HHS and CMS initiatives to protect conscience rights and life   Joining @DanaPerino on @dailybriefing shortly. Tune in! The administration needs to make it clear U.S. financial policy is set by the U.S. government and no one else. Read my letter to POTUS on the role of the Financial Stability Board.   READ my op-ed in @thehill with @ChuckGrassley and @sendavidperdue  ‘Any DACA Deal Must Include an End to Chain Migration’  My statement with @ChuckGrassley and @SenDavidPerdue on the Durbin-Graham-Flake immigration proposal:   ICYMI – I spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon in support of reauthorizing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/M0caBdaD3t LISTEN to my interview on @newsradio1029 this morning:pic.twitter.com/wXqB1oCYg5 ICYMI – I joined @HughHewitt this morning to discuss immigration. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/CyE8O9IvLW Joining @newsradio1029. Tune in! Due to inclement weather, my Little Rock, El Dorado, and Jonesboro offices are closed today. Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! With great eloquence and even greater courage, Martin Luther King Jr. challenged our country to live up to our founding principles and recognize our fundamental equality before God. My full statement on Martin Luther King Jr. Day:  pic.twitter.com/fAiKMUzbKy ICYMI – I joined @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation this morning to discuss immigration and Hawaii. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/ulXXaOODSD Joining @FaceTheNation shortly. Tune in! My statement on the Little Rock Central High Historic Site expansion bill becoming law:  pic.twitter.com/1erGPMFV6E Congratulations to @UArkansas student Joseph Daniels on his award from @USDOT for his work on Solar Airfield Pavement Anti-Icing Systems. READ:  My statement with @SenDavidPerdue on yesterday’s meeting at the White House on negotiations to fix the legal immigration system:  pic.twitter.com/WHOmEhCQ1i My statement with @sendavidperdue and @ChuckGrassley on the state of DACA Negotiations:   .@Walmart’s benefits announcement is great news for the people of Arkansas and as clear a sign as ever that tax reform is working. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/x7KtzqLPQu ICYMI – I joined @HughHewitt this morning to discuss immigration. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/caSPHGWVUh .@realDonaldTrump is right. The House should pass the #FISA HPSCI compromise bill as is. This program is about stopping terrorists and keeping the US safe, and it protects the privacy of American citizens. … Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! My statement with @sendavidperdue and @ChuckGrassley on the status of DACA negotiations:  pic.twitter.com/qAEmL7iIaV I look forward to working with my colleagues to put the federal government on a real, responsible budget that reflects the priorities of the American people. My full statement on being named to the Senate Budget Committee:   I spoke on the Senate floor on Monday on the need to end chain migration. WATCH:  Great work by 8th grade students at @EAST_Armorel!pic.twitter.com/s71kc5Vxjw Thanks to Sarah for talking with me today about the work of @UnitedWay to improve lives across Arkansas.pic.twitter.com/QbY4eK488c I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday on the need to end chain migration. WATCH:  I look forward to working with my colleagues to put the federal government on a real, responsible budget that reflects the priorities of the American people. My full statement on being named to the Senate Budget Committee:   Today on #NationalLawEnforcementAppreciationDay we pause to say "thank you" to all those law enforcement officials who work tirelessly to keep our communities safe across Arkansas and our country. LISTEN to my interview on @newsradio1029 this morning:pic.twitter.com/QhakMCk2ZW ICYMI – I joined @HughHewitt this morning to disucss Iran and immigration. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/SHLHLTcrwk .@ATT deserves credit for this decision. READ:  Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! I spoke on the Senate floor today on the need to end chain migration. WATCH:  Arkansas businesses and employees are already seeing the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. READ:  ICYMI – I joined @GStephanopoulos this morning on @ThisWeekABC to discuss immigration and North Korea. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/VSVCEfrjlU Joining @ThisWeekABC shortly. Tune in! Smart take on immigration via @sullydish:pic.twitter.com/NqKJ8ev3s6 My statement on U.S. Fish and Wildlife’s reissuing of cormorant permits:  pic.twitter.com/ZQs0kNdLaW Congratulations to Arkansan James Lynn Woodworth on being appointed as Commissioner of Education Statistics @usedgov. I joined @newsradio1029 yesterday to discuss the Iranian protests and the year ahead in the senate. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/JSUCVGrNps ICYMI – I joined @HughHewitt yesterday to discuss the protests in Iran. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/v3dORBfkhq In 2017 my office helped Arkansans recover $4 million from the IRS, SSA, and VA. In 2018, we are ready to do more! Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/aQNA5KAVOe In 2017 my office helped recover 288 medals for Arkansas veterans and their families. In 2018 we are ready to do more! Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/pXJMSxsxvV Do you or someone you know need assistance with the VA? Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/1qYwdMG8KT I joined @newsradio1029 today to discuss the Iranian protests and the year ahead in the senate. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/9hWx0AKPZ9 ICYMI – I joined @HughHewitt this morning to discuss the protests in Iran. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/17telRiTv3 Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! In 2017 my office helped Arkansans recover $4 million from the IRS, SSA, and VA. In 2018, we are ready to do more! Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/lo8ugABhrh In 2017 my office helped recover 288 medals for Arkansas veterans and their families. In 2018 we are ready to do more! Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/kqGcVE7oxs Do you or someone you know need assistance with the VA? Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/euLrmVCNau I wish you and your family a happy and prosperous new year.pic.twitter.com/g50Knosb3W In 2017 my office helped recover 288 medals for Arkansas veterans and their families. In 2018 we are ready to do more! Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/cNtnNeOo9O Do you or someone you know need assistance with the VA? Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/sGhRfVFwxz In 2017 my office helped Arkansans recover $4 million from the IRS, SSA, and VA. In 2018, we are ready to do more! Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/vBCuHtgCD7 WATCH my interview with Steve Barnes on @AETN “Arkansas Week"  Do you or someone you know need assistance with the VA? Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/q6tguKexst In 2017 my office helped Arkansans recover $4 million from the IRS, SSA, and VA. In 2018, we are ready to do more! Contact my office for help:  pic.twitter.com/2B8KlAOiZM My statement on the Iranian protests:  pic.twitter.com/1VbecfTswA On behalf of my family, I want to send everyone our warmest greetings this Christmas season. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/R8JmxYorwx Congratulations to Arkansan Chris Caldwell on being confirmed to serve as the Federal Co-Chairman of @DeltaRegional. Expanding the boundary of the Little Rock Central High National Historic Site is a fitting end to this 60th anniversary year of the Little Rock Nine. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/JxuFpt7VfU The tax bill will give working families the tax relief they deserve and help us build an economy that supports the American worker.   I'm very pleased the final tax bill includes my proposal to repeal the Obamacare individual-mandate tax. This is the most hated part of that terrible law, and I'm glad to see it go. Statement:   READ my op-ed in @ArkansasOnline: “Good Tax News”  My statement on approval of lethal defensive arms sale to Ukraine:  pic.twitter.com/tAjjLGTfmo Arkansas families and all working Americans will be able to keep more of their hard-earned dollars under the tax bill, and in addition, our businesses will be able to create more jobs right here in America.   The tax bill will give working families the tax relief they deserve and help us build an economy that supports the American worker.   I'm very pleased the final tax bill includes my proposal to repeal the Obamacare individual-mandate tax. This is the most hated part of that terrible law, and I'm glad to see it go. Statement:   Today is the anniversary of the Siege of Bastogne. In Dec. 1944, the Nazis surrounded the 101st Airborne, which was defending the Belgian city of Bastogne. When they demanded the Americans’ surrender, Brig. Gen. Anthony C. McAuliffe gave his immortal, one-word reply: “Nuts!” This tax bill is a victory for Arkansan families and all working Americans. Statement:   Great to be at @AETN in Conway over the weekend. Tune in on December 29th at 7:30 PM to watch Arkansas Week.pic.twitter.com/yuRT6Y23Kf The president’s national-security strategy is a clear-eyed assessment of the threats we face and what it will take to confront them. Statement:   My statement on the National Labor Relations Board’s decision to overturn the controversial Browning-Ferris decision:  pic.twitter.com/YcFo9yophe I remembered the life of Thomas Galyon and his work with the Arkansas chapter of the National ALS Association on the Senate floor this week. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/HqmoBImDJI We knew Iran was untrustworthy, but this report provides more hard evidence of just how brazen it’s become. My statement on Iran’s violations of UN resolution 2231:  pic.twitter.com/mfI54h5jhu I remembered the life of Thomas Galyon and his work with the Arkansas chapter of the National ALS Association on the Senate floor yesterday. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/waJRUEHaQw The story of Hanukkah tells of the Jewish people’s persistence to preserve their faith against all the odds. Their victory and the miracle that followed were just as improbable as they were inspiring, and I wish all those celebrating the festival of lights a very happy Hanukkah.pic.twitter.com/V4w70yDMe2 I spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon about the lives of Medal of Honor recipients Capt. Thomas J. Hudner and Col. Wesley L. Fox. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/Oro5vLlpBv Great to have Chesty the @USMC mascot stop by my office this afternoon.pic.twitter.com/15LRrA6zOK I talked with @newsradio1029 today about tax reform. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/Wl8C55pYjD READ: “Cotton Predicts Tax Bill’s Passage, Touts Provision Repealing Obamacare Individual Mandate” via @FreeBeacon … ICYMI - I joined @HughHewitt this morning to discuss tax reform and repealing the Obamacare individual mandate. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/wka3w3YJIY Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! READ: ‘A Foreign Policy for Jacksonian America’ via @WSJ  My statement on China's threat to invade Taiwan:  pic.twitter.com/sJXPZkpRof My statement on Palestinian protests in Jerusalem:  … Great story of father and son attending the C-130 Center of Excellence school at Little Rock Air Force Base. READ: “Face of Defense: Father, Son Reunite for C-130 Mission” … I spoke on the Senate floor earlier this week about the Democrats’ attempts to hold up a long-term fix for winding down President Obama’s unconstitutional DACA program. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/QI5xnmQEW1 #TBT to one year ago today when Arkansas cheese dip was rightly voted superior to Texas “queso”. I think @JohnCornyn probably still hasn’t gotten over it.  Earlier this year the Senate passed a resolution honoring Pearl Harbor hero and Arkansan Joe George. We should especially remember his bravery today.  Today we remember and honor the sacrifice and bravery of those who gave their lives for our country 76 years ago at #PearlHarbor. They will never be forgotten. WATCH my interview with @AP “Newsmakers”:  WATCH my interview with @AP led by @jpaceDC, on FB Live at 8:30am ET.   I commend the International Olympic Committee for protecting the integrity of the Olympic Games from sordid Russian doping schemes.  Statement:   I spoke on the Senate floor yesterday about the Democrats’ attempts to hold up a long-term fix for winding down President Obama’s unconstitutional DACA program. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/mXeXk6DzEt I joined my colleagues yesterday in introducing legislation to protect and provide certainty to DACA recipients, improve the lawful immigration system by targeting illegal immigration and criminal aliens, and protect the American worker. MORE:   The president has rightly acknowledged the plain truth that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/EUyWzTEQdx I spoke on the Senate floor this afternoon about the Democrats’ attempts to hold up a long-term fix for winding down President Obama’s unconstitutional DACA program. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/yo9XSFBTUh LISTEN to my interview with @HughHewitt from this morning:pic.twitter.com/EVpEjpL3eE I commend the International Olympic Committee for protecting the integrity of the Olympic Games from sordid Russian doping schemes.  Statement:  pic.twitter.com/4NqhCgOLOH I joined my colleagues today in introducing legislation to protect and provide certainty to DACA recipients, improve the lawful immigration system by targeting illegal immigration and criminal aliens, and protect the American worker. MORE:   Thanks to TPG Growth and everyone who worked to make Big River Steel a reality; it’s creating hundreds of jobs for hardworking Arkansans.   ICYMI – I joined @newsradio1029 this morning to discuss providing tax relief for working Americans, and repealing the Obamacare individual mandate. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/0zp4Yc3C4t Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! My statement on the Pentagon’s decision to retain cluster munitions:  pic.twitter.com/bIhMzbPxVC The USS Little Rock has arrived in Buffalo, NY for its commission later this month. READ:  I second what @SenateMajLdr said. … Last night the Senate passed a bill that puts us one step closer to bringing tax relief to working families. Statement:  … ICYMI - I joined @BretBaier on Special Report tonight to discuss immigration. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/6SVYVluwGI Joining @BretBaier shortly. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/oNGi1FuJas READ “Fact-Checking Democratic Claims About Repealing Obamacare's Individual Mandate” via @Forbes … READ: “The Latest Tax Cut Lie” via @IBDeditorials  Judge Eisele served his country with distinction, both in the Army during World War II and on the bench for 41 years. My statement on his passing:  pic.twitter.com/Ld9j5Jp9qU Leandra English’s lawsuit to install herself as acting director against the president’s explicit direction is just the latest lawless action by the CFPB. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/FpwwfXH3VQ My wife Anna and I want to wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving:  pic.twitter.com/Ad36CAYgtY Good to see President Trump sign the VALOR Act into law today. Now it will be easier for employers to set up apprenticeship programs and give more opportunities to our veterans. I strongly support the president's decision to designate North Korea as a sponsor of terror:  … ICYMI- I joined @FacetheNation to discuss tax reform and the repeal of the Obamacare individual mandate this morning. WATCH: … Joining @FaceTheNation this morning. Tune in! The NDAA conference report is a good step in the right direction, but there’s no getting around the fact that sequestration is hurting our troops. My statement on Senate passage of NDAA:   I’m glad to hear the Pentagon is acting on my proposal to begin research on a new ground-based cruise missile. Statement:   I congratulate Mark Esper on his confirmation as Secretary of the Army:   We’re now one step closer to fulfilling our promise to grant much-needed tax relief to America’s working families. My statement on the SFC approval of the Tax-Cut bill:  … The easier it is for employers to set up apprenticeship programs, the more opportunities there’ll be for veterans. My statement on passage of the VALOR Act:   Congratulations to the Don Tyson Center for Agricultural Sciences in Fayetteville on a successful dedication ceremony.pic.twitter.com/PjmkU1i7qK The NDAA conference report is a good step in the right direction, but there’s no getting around the fact that sequestration is hurting our troops. My statement on Senate passage of NDAA:  … Greg Standridge was a good man, a proud Arkansan, and did so much for our state. My statement on his passing:  … I’m glad to hear the Pentagon is acting on my proposal to begin research on a new ground-based cruise missile. Statement:  … I wish Mr. Cordray all the best in retirement, but I can’t say I’m sorry to see him go. My statement on his resignation from the CFPB:  … Great to meet with Mark from Potlatch Corporation yesterday. Thanks for coming by!pic.twitter.com/HaLIavfdmq I congratulate Mark Esper on his confirmation as Secretary of the Army:   Great turnout for the NWA Workforce Summit in Springdale this week!pic.twitter.com/3ouxKBWhCN READ “Cotton ‘Reminds’ Democrats the Obamacare Individual Mandate Is a Tax” via @FreeBeacon:  Congratulations to the Mena VA Outpatient Clinic on a successful grand opening. Thank you for serving our veterans.pic.twitter.com/Ae8xVJfsiT The easier it is for employers to set up apprenticeship programs, the more opportunities there’ll be for veterans. My statement on passage of the VALOR Act:   WATCH my remarks on the Senate floor on repealing the Obamacare individual mandate through tax reform:pic.twitter.com/JkYcC5yX0n The easier it is for employers to set up apprenticeship programs, the more opportunities there’ll be for veterans. My statement on passage of the VALOR Act:  … READ “Cotton ‘Reminds’ Democrats the Obamacare Individual Mandate Is a Tax” via @FreeBeacon:  I congratulate Mark Esper on his confirmation as Secretary of the Army:  pic.twitter.com/omTuA7gRRE I wish Mr. Cordray all the best in retirement, but I can’t say I’m sorry to see him go. My statement on his resignation from the CFPB:  … WATCH my remarks on the Senate floor on repealing the Obamacare individual mandate through tax reform:pic.twitter.com/RJdPyuYcGj Read @stewartbaker insights on #FISA #702.  Vital tool expires in 45 days. Can’t let that happen.  Thanks to Chip Pollard from John Brown University and other representatives from the Council for Christian Colleges and Universities for meeting with me today.pic.twitter.com/TZ2l3GHNix I’m pleased the Senate Finance Committee has accepted my proposal to repeal the Obamacare individual mandate in tax reform:  pic.twitter.com/DcJAabuB83 I applaud YouTube for removing Anwar Al-Awlaki’s videos from its site. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/fAKskdhiHc WATCH the @SASCmajority hearing on nominations live:   I’m pleased that the Banking Committee legislative package includes protections for consumers who take out residential PACE loans. I’m glad to see us demand the accountability working Arkansans deserve.  … Great to talk with @5News yesterday while in Fort Smith. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/RymrPjYP2p Thanks @UofAGOP for inviting me to talk with you yesterday. Always great to visit with students!pic.twitter.com/DMbKEsa79i I talked with @4029news yesterday while in Lowell about repealing the Obamacare individual mandate with tax reform. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/Z10s38zwTS Honored to take part in the White Hall Veterans Day Ceremony today. Thanks for inviting me and for remembering those who bravely served our country.pic.twitter.com/3NLgh532nJ It was an honor to be a part of the 20th anniversary ceremony for the Children’s Emergency Shelter in Fort Smith. Thank you for your work.pic.twitter.com/bpjpfefGxv Thanks to Generations Bank in Rogers for hosting me to discuss tax reform this morning.pic.twitter.com/XALCaNpaca Today, we honor our veterans, the brave men and women who put our country first. My statement on Veterans Day:  pic.twitter.com/8Z5cQ3a9FS Enjoyed touring Natural State Pest Control in Lowell this morning and discussing my work to support small businesses in our state. Thanks for having me!pic.twitter.com/ARQibasf0H WATCH my interview with @TuckerCarlson on tax reform:pic.twitter.com/fpu5cqmrZW Joining @TuckerCarlson. Tune in! The tax-reform proposal released today is a good start, but it would be so much better if we repeal Obamacare’s hated individual mandate. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/zmYyyAw08p WATCH my Q&A with DoD nominees at yesterday’s @SASCmajority hearing:pic.twitter.com/Wsa9HUtbEQ Welcome home to all @ArkansasGuard soldiers returning from a deployment to Africa. Thank you for your service.pic.twitter.com/HEheevs683 Thanks to all Arkansans who took part in the open house at Overton Brooks VA in Shreveport recently.pic.twitter.com/QRw2WaFGmo Congratulations to @ARGameandFish on a successful groundbreaking for the new nature center in Springdale.pic.twitter.com/f2DFTo4Y87 ICYMI – I joined @newsradio1029 this morning to talk tax reform and repealing the CFPB arbitration rule. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/Bw2WcSaeal This morning I talked with @HughHewitt about repealing the individual mandate and providing tax relief. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/m4T4VfUm1t WATCH today’s @SASCmajority hearing on nominations live:   Tune in and see more of beautiful Bentonville! … Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! We should repeal the Obamacare individual mandate and provide tax relief. @WSJopinion outlines why:  David Curtis and David Branscum will serve Arkansas’s farmers well. I thank them for agreeing to serve.   READ “Tax Reform and ObamaCare” from @WSJopinion: … .@WSJopinion asks: “Why not combine health-reform progress with a way to finance tax reform?” I agree. READ:  The diversity visa lottery program is a threat to our national security. Statement:   ICYMI – I questioned Twitter’s general counsel on cooperation with U.S. intelligence services yesterday. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/ltiDKnBTnL Honored to be a part of the signing ceremony for a bill overturning the CFPB’s arbitration rule yesterday.pic.twitter.com/zRAN4fbNJx WATCH my speech on the senate floor calling for repealing the Obamacare individual mandate through tax reform:pic.twitter.com/iYRilPAyvp I joined @kilmeade on @FoxandFriends today to discuss repealing the Obamacare individual mandate. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/LS9sJDCyLy Joining @foxandfriends shortly. Tune in! Thanks, @SenatorWicker, for sponsoring the #RAISEAct. It’s time to end the diversity visa lottery program; yesterday’s attack proves it. ICYMI – I questioned Twitter’s general counsel on cooperation with U.S. intelligence services today. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/8YKNxX3jI6 Access to affordable broadband is critical for rural communities. READ my letter to the FCC:  pic.twitter.com/yKRh0qDqPt The diversity visa lottery program is a threat to our national security. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/yZOOZdW7SJ WATCH the Senate Intel hearing on Social Media Influence in the 2016 U.S. Elections LIVE:  … This week marks National Veterans Small Business Week, a time to recognize our veteran entrepreneurs for their service and work. This morning I discussed repealing the individual mandate through tax reform with @hughhewitt. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/hGAPbskfH0 Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Pleased the Intel Committee voted to advance a bill extending vital intelligence programs:   The Senate vote to repeal the CFPB’s arbitration rule is good news for the American consumer:   Thanks to Arkansans with NATCO Communications for discussing rural broadband access with me this week.pic.twitter.com/aqPfKeV1bi Congratulations to Eddie Joe Williams on being nominated to serve as Federal Representative to the Southern States Energy Board:pic.twitter.com/jrd7qNmspX It’s well past time for CFPB Director Cordray to resign. My statement:   LISTEN to my interview on the Mandate Relief Act and tax reform with @newsradio1029:pic.twitter.com/KC8naVxaMy The Senate vote to repeal the CFPB’s arbitration rule is good news for the American consumer:   ICYMI – I joined @hughhewitt yesterday to discuss tax reform. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/IrsBiUCb9A Pleased the Intel Committee voted to advance a bill extending vital intelligence programs:   It’s well past time for CFPB Director Cordray to resign. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/xuGThf2BRn The Senate vote to repeal the CFPB’s arbitration rule is good news for the American consumer:  pic.twitter.com/MHp1CZmjvJ Pleased the Intel Committee voted to advance a bill extending vital intelligence programs:  pic.twitter.com/gGJmzSI2M5 Congratulations to all @Bentonville_PS students who completed the @tcs_na goIT camp!pic.twitter.com/HbsjE3E81Q LISTEN to my interview on the Mandate Relief Act and tax reform with @newsradio1029:pic.twitter.com/zgSwJAKw2X Thanks to all who took part in the Peace at Home Courage Awards Luncheon in Fayetteville recently.pic.twitter.com/Z4Bz9demxs ICYMI – I joined @hughhewitt this morning to discuss tax reform. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/4EjZHz83eR Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Watch my discussion at the @HudsonInstitute on countering violent extremism live:  Their service is not forgotten. … READ my op-ed via @FoxNewsOpinion ‘End ObamaCare's individual mandate -- it's cruel and pointless’  The Cotton-Toomey Mandate Relief Act will provide relief for those who need it most:  pic.twitter.com/b1gcpSkNuY My Washington, D.C. office is seeking spring internship applications. More on how to apply:   The Cotton-Toomey Mandate Relief Act will provide relief for those who need it most.  pic.twitter.com/WIPRzlzTD5 Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   The Cotton-Toomey Mandate Relief Act will provide relief for those who need it most.  pic.twitter.com/ncU4D02EkY Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   The Cotton-Toomey Mandate Relief Act will provide relief for those who need it most.  pic.twitter.com/lPGPAGAKFA My Washington, D.C. office is seeking spring internship applications. More on how to apply:   Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   I introduced legislation to give hardworking Americans relief from the Obamacare mandate. MORE:   READ my op-ed via @FoxNewsOpinion ‘End ObamaCare's individual mandate -- it's cruel and pointless’  I talked with @hughhewitt yesterday about Iran and Senate confirmations. LISTEN:  ICYMI – I joined @kilmeade yesterday on @foxandfriends to discuss Iran, healthcare, and tax reform. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/35c6Lfyx3m Great @Heritage event on why we need #FISA Section #702 with @ODNIgov @FBI @NSAGov  I introduced legislation yesterday to give hardworking Americans relief from the Obamacare mandate. MORE:   READ my op-ed via @FoxNewsOpinion ‘End ObamaCare's individual mandate -- it's cruel and pointless’  Great to see Arkansans with RLI Services in Fort Smith today. Thanks for stopping by!pic.twitter.com/WHyFj3c7lu I introduced legislation today to give hardworking Americans relief from the Obamacare mandate. MORE -   The @FBI is clear: They need #FISA Section #702 to keep us safe.  WATCH the Intel Committee hearing on the nomination of Christopher Sharpley to be Inspector General of the CIA:   I talked with @hughhewitt this morning about Iran and Senate confirmations. LISTEN:  ICYMI – I joined @Kilmeade this morning on @foxandfriends to discuss Iran, healthcare, and tax reform. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/KKt1Su7xLK I introduced legislation today to give hardworking Americans relief from the Obamacare mandate. MORE:   Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Joining @foxandfriends shortly. Tune in! Good to see the Senate honor 11 African American soldiers, including Arkansan Due Turner, who died during the Battle of the Bulge in WWII. Thanks to all who took part in the Annual Tri-State Veterans Service Officers Conference in Memphis this week.pic.twitter.com/UsIKuMXeKw I joined the rest of the AR delegation in expressing support for the 1115 Waiver Request for Obamacare relief:   In choosing not to certify the Iran deal, President Trump made the right decision.  pic.twitter.com/stX76pKd2E Happy #242NavyBday! I appreciate the service past and present of all our nation’s Sailors. @USNavy My office recently took part in the Central AR Veterans Health System Management Retreat to discuss how to better care for our veterans.pic.twitter.com/SeIxxlXN37 My statement on the Cotton-Corker legislative strategy to address flaws in Iran Nuclear Deal:   The United States’s withdrawal from UNESCO is long overdue.   Great turnout for the Fort Smith Chamber of Commerce annual meeting this week!pic.twitter.com/AkIFbU7S6o The United States’s withdrawal from UNESCO is long overdue.  pic.twitter.com/RKK3U9Qeda Agriculture is a way of life in Arkansas and I’m grateful for all our farmers across nearly 50,000 farms. #ThankAFarmer A big congrats to @uamshealth!  I joined the rest of the AR delegation in expressing support for the 1115 Waiver Request for Obamacare relief:   I joined @RobyBrock on @TBArkansas to discuss Las Vegas, tax reform, Iran, and more. WATCH:  My statement on the Trump administration’s immigration principles:  pic.twitter.com/5RVTmvglVy Joining @RobyBrock on @TBArkansas shortly. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/jX9j2EMnw4 Airman Kenny Rivera Rojas represents the best of Arkansas by selflessly serving those affected by Hurricane Maria. … My statement on the potential sale of THAAD system to Saudi Arabia:  pic.twitter.com/HjgYQguA95 I sent a letter to AG Sessions today urging transparency in court for victims of Iranian terrorism:   Great to see Arkansas bankers from around the state today. Thanks for your time.pic.twitter.com/DCTEtygSgr I introduced the VALOR Act today to increase access to apprenticeship-training programs for our veterans:   Great turnout for the War Eagle Bridge rehabilitation opening. Congratulations!pic.twitter.com/NlbCVGFVsh Great to see R.D. James nominated as Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works. He brings a wealth of experience and knowledge. ICYMI - I joined @postlive for #SecuringTomorrow with David Ignatius this morning. WATCH:  Don't miss #SecuringTomorrow with @SenTomCotton LIVE today at 9amET on Russia, North Korea & more. WATCH:  pic.twitter.com/gPZnythpVh I appreciate Pastor David Poe and his wife Nancy from Greene County for stopping by today.pic.twitter.com/BY1ejHVCyr WATCH my speech on Iran at @CFR_org in full:  WATCH my speech on Iran at @CFR_org LIVE:  My statement on the expulsion of Cuban diplomats from U.S. soil:  pic.twitter.com/DfJK1GJ1Lq ICYMI – I talked with Kevin Miller on @newsradio1029 this morning. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/dFav4Le72a This morning I joined @HughHewitt to discuss the Las Vegas shooting. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/LChcq8RkXE WATCH the @SASCmajority hearing on the Political and Security Situation in Afghanistan live:   Tune in at 10 AM ET to SASC hearing on US strategy for Afghanistan & S. Asia w/ Secretary Mattis & Chairman Dunford  … Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Deeply saddened by the tragic and senseless shooting in Las Vegas. My thoughts and prayers are with all victims and their families. It's game time. Cheering on the @ArkRazorbacks! Beat New Mexico State! #WPS To those observing Yom Kippur, have an easy and meaningful fast. G'mar chatimah tova! My statement on news that the State Department is withdrawing additional personnel from the U.S. embassy in Cuba:  pic.twitter.com/yVnkJ6npZo Study says CFPB’s reckless rule may force credit card interest rates to rise. Congress needs to overturn this rule.   Great news for Benton County! … Thanks to Arkansas representatives from Novo Nordisk for stopping by today.pic.twitter.com/DnZmJbRw7H Great to see Paul and David from the Retired Teachers Association today.pic.twitter.com/UmvLXEJfkO Michael, Nelson, and Tim visited my office to discuss Head Start and early childhood development today.pic.twitter.com/sOBioL7KDU Thanks to Sen. Rapert and Mike Nielsen with the National Conference of Insurance Legislators for talking about insurance regulations todaypic.twitter.com/zrSrD5LTXM Congratulations to Col. Robert Kinney on a successful change of command, and thanks to Col. Doorenbos for your service at the 188th Wing.pic.twitter.com/4bT2wbzm3r Thanks to all who participated in the recent VA Townhall in Texarkana.pic.twitter.com/4xaiheMD8N Great dedication of the Robert Layes Pavilion at the Robert Jack VFW in Van Buren. Congratulations!pic.twitter.com/NUQ1lP3EFY The health insurance tax is another example of how Obamacare harms working Americans. More:   I appreciate Kevin from Arkansas for talking with me about adult education today.pic.twitter.com/2bfRZHzT6g Arkansans with the Boys and Girls Club of America came by today to discuss the importance of youth mentoring.pic.twitter.com/Rhe3fFRdYs Thanks to Nancy and Marc Oudin with the Professional Bail Agents of the US for talking with me today.pic.twitter.com/1kcqWdyKyJ Thanks to Lance Arbuckle from Rogers (and principal of the year!) for discussing education with me today.pic.twitter.com/GU4ylDGvCH Proud to support the Healthcare Tax Relief Act which provides relief to working Arkansans from Obamacare.  WATCH my Q&A with General Dunford at today’s @SASCmajority hearing:pic.twitter.com/OibPryg8S8 My deepest condolences to the family and friends of AR Guardsmen Rufus Brown and Justin Ashley. Their service will not be forgotten. Today, AG Sessions offered a strong defense of why universities ought to challenge students, not shelter them. READ:  I joined @newsradio1029 this morning. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/V7WSigRPpJ LISTEN to my interview with @HughHewitt about the RAISE Act and North Korea:pic.twitter.com/ZzC5PBrBF8 Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! My statement on the 60th anniversary of the Little Rock Nine:   #Central60pic.twitter.com/kGwsDbEJOl Don't miss this week's newsletter! Sign up here:   I want to wish all those celebrating Rosh Hashanah a happy, healthy, and sweet new year!  Shanah tovah! ICYMI – I joined @newsradio1029 yesterday to discuss immigration. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/anYA4NEVzF We owe it to our troops to get them the support they need. My statement on Senate passage of the NDAA:  …pic.twitter.com/rmlDYEljEY WATCH my Q&A at the @SASCMajority hearing on recent US Navy incidents at sea:pic.twitter.com/OuSu70l7X3 For 70 years, the men and women of the CIA have put themselves in harm's way to protect our country:  … The CFPB's rule on arbitration ignores the consumer benefits and treats Arkansans like helpless children:   I joined @chucktodd on @MeetThePress on Sunday to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/CF5cV7qpJB WATCH my Q&A at the @SASCmajority hearing on recent US Navy incidents at sea:pic.twitter.com/jw1QIne8L8 We owe it to our troops to get them the support they need. My statement on Senate passage of the NDAA:  …pic.twitter.com/UKtBsuAdk9 ICYMI – I joined @newsradio1029 this morning to discuss immigration. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/D1wBRmqsdC Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! WATCH my remarks live at the @Hillsdale College Constitution Day Celebration:  We owe it to our troops to get them the support they need. My statement on Senate passage of the NDAA:  …pic.twitter.com/PiL4lERuRl Senate Dems had a chance to support our troops and repeal sequester. Instead they hid. WATCH:  WATCH my interview with @hughhewitt on @MSNBC  I joined @chucktodd on @MeetThePress yesterday to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/YssfJEJACs WATCH my interview with @hughhewitt on @MSNBC yesterday:  I joined @chucktodd on @MeetThePress this morning to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/a2oK3yWv4D Joining @MeetThePress shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt on @MSNBC shortly. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/gLjcLxnPke Huvepharma in Van Buren recently achieved the 25 Years Accumulative Safety Award. Great work!pic.twitter.com/nuBXXiPjrA My statement on the Trump administration’s support for reauthorization of FISA Section 702:   Thanks to Nice-Pak in Jonesboro for hosting a great “Made in America” event recently.pic.twitter.com/FLR1JCfCI5 I joined @marcorubio in urging the State Department to maintain additional security-assistance funding for Israel:   Congratulations to Overton Brooks VA Medical Center on a successful ribbon cutting for your new parking garage to help our veterans.pic.twitter.com/2ON8Fa1YqV Secretary Tillerson should expel Cubans in the US and close our embassy in Cuba over attacks on our diplomats:   Great news for Arkansas! … Thanks to Arkansas members of the Susan G. Komen Foundation and American Heart Association for stopping by to share about their work today.pic.twitter.com/0IgfWvX43I Thanks to Jax for traveling all the way from Arkansas to see me today.pic.twitter.com/0HghBe2FFl READ: 'Repeal the Budget Control Act' via @WSJ  READ: 'Abolish the Sequester' via @weeklystandard  Special thanks to @TomCottonAR for sharing your insights and your support for the #creditunion industrypic.twitter.com/UnziOnB43F .@SenatorTimScott, @SenThomTillis & @SenTomCotton discuss the CU difference, reg burden at #NAFCUCaucus  pic.twitter.com/m26jMckUzX Thanks to Mike and Kevin with the Arkansas Farmers Union for meeting with me today.pic.twitter.com/0AkAlLERN7 Kathy and LaShannon with Community Health Centers of Arkansas stopped by to discuss healthcare today. Great to talk with you!pic.twitter.com/iXBQjiBOVU Great to see Arkansans with the Automobile Dealers Association today. Thanks for your time!pic.twitter.com/3b5WTG3UI0 I joined @newsradio1029 yesterday to discuss relief funding, the National Defense Authorization Act, and more. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/LaXuBmlE5D My statement on the Trump administration’s support for reauthorization of FISA Section 702:   I joined @marcorubio in urging the State Department to maintain additional security-assistance funding for Israel:   Thanks to Dr. Dinehart from Little Rock with the Dermatology Association for your time today.pic.twitter.com/PfjZMmXat9 Thanks to Arkansans with the American Cancer Society for talking with me about cancer research today.pic.twitter.com/kyh1669evg Thanks to Karl with the American College of Cardiology for discussing cardiac rehabilitation today.pic.twitter.com/NSvIF37n7T Great to meet with Denise, Jim, and Matt with the Retired Senior Volunteer Program today.pic.twitter.com/phBGHYFRr7 I joined @marcorubio in urging the State Department to maintain additional security-assistance funding for Israel:   My statement on the Trump administration’s support for reauthorization of FISA Section 702:   I joined @newsradio1029 today to discuss relief funding, the National Defense Authorization Act, and more. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/C0bMQ0MQvU Joining @newsradio1029. Tune in! My statement on the Trump administration’s support for reauthorization of FISA Section 702:  pic.twitter.com/ppBgvBtOR2 ROTC cadets climb thousands of stairs to honor first responders on 9/11  pic.twitter.com/ZPOVkUIcME September 11 is the day we’ll never forget.  pic.twitter.com/3halCMBfu9 It’s good to see Arkansas veteran and Pearl Harbor hero Joe George receive the recognition he deserves:   Any legislation to codify DACA must be paired with reform of the green-card system that protects American workers.   It’s almost game time! Cheering on the @ArkRazorbacks this afternoon. #BeatTCU #WPS Congratulations to Memorial Field in Hot Springs on receiving a DOT grant to improve infrastructure.   I honored Hurricane Harvey heroes on the Senate floor this week. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/vD36Y3G4V8 Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   I joined @Morning_Joe on Wednesday to discuss DACA and the RAISE Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/tahNp5t2HB Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   I honored Hurricane Harvey heroes on the Senate floor this week. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/eU5NxhCEHE Congratulations to Memorial Field in Hot Springs on receiving a DOT grant to improve infrastructure.   I joined @CBSThisMorning on Wednesday to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/fwqfU7jsiQ My statement on Senate passage of Hurricane Harvey relief funding:   On Tuesday I joined @IngrahamAngle to discuss DACA. LISTEN:  Any legislation to codify DACA must be paired with reform of the green-card system that protects American workers.   It’s good to see Arkansas veteran and Pearl Harbor hero Joe George receive the recognition he deserves:  pic.twitter.com/K0O1z2AYRh I joined @BretBaier on @SpecialReport earlier this week to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/qBLHRvgj0Y Any legislation to codify DACA must be paired with reform of the green-card system that protects American workers.   On Tuesday I joined @IngrahamAngle to discuss DACA. LISTEN:  I joined @BretBaier on @SpecialReport earlier this week to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/BAhqHOpDLE My statement on Senate passage of Hurricane Harvey relief funding:   pic.twitter.com/0Z40UFlIb0 I honored Hurricane Harvey heroes on the Senate floor this week. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/pgND9jHUZQ Congratulations to Memorial Field in Hot Springs on receiving a DOT grant to improve infrastructure.   Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   I joined @Morning_Joe yesterday to discuss DACA and the RAISE Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/uTOpnfxTsy Yesterday, I joined @CBSThisMorning to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/YOcZGBuB5a Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   ICYMI – I joined @hughhewitt yesterday to discuss DACA. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/xywPIC2dTe Listen to my interview on @newsradio1029 yesterday on DACA:pic.twitter.com/wosreBQDKl I joined @IngrahamAngle yesterday to discuss DACA. LISTEN:  Any legislation to codify DACA must be paired with reform of the green-card system that protects American workers.  pic.twitter.com/671uLTVyBj I honored Hurricane Harvey heroes on the Senate floor yesterday. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/pCaq2cF4Yi My statement on the rescission of DACA:   I joined @BretBaier on @SpecialReport yesterday. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/TsPXFqMZS0 Ambassador Haley is right to warn that simply holding Iran to the nuclear deal is not enough.   I joined @Morning_Joe today to discuss DACA and the RAISE Act. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/o2DKVOYdJz I joined @CBSThisMorning to discuss DACA. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/lCJJQtWhCL Joining @Morning_Joe shortly. Tune in! I joined @BretBaier on @SpecialReport tonight. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/8DvgG0DrYw I honored Hurricane Harvey heroes on the Senate floor this afternoon. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/SiRCKrHZC6 Joining @BretBaier on @SpecialReport shortly. Tune in! Ambassador Haley is right to warn that simply holding Iran to the nuclear deal is not enough.  pic.twitter.com/NlChyhKBtH My statement on the rescission of DACA:  pic.twitter.com/pSydF8w4gB I joined @IngrahamAngle today to discuss DACA. LISTEN:  Listen to my interview on @newsradio1029 this morning about DACA:pic.twitter.com/CsQNOlTov9 ICYMI – I joined @HughHewitt this morning to discuss DACA. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/WA563he4DW Joining @IngrahamAngle shortly. Tune in! Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Today, we celebrate the American worker, the engine of the American economy. My statement on Labor Day:  pic.twitter.com/G2wMzEds2a Cheering on the @ArkRazorbacks as we kick off the 2017 season @WMStadium! #GoHogs My statement on the closure of three Russian diplomatic facilities in the U.S.  pic.twitter.com/3SrEtaDSa9 READ: ‘Senator to students: Participate in politics’ via @TheSenRec … ICYMI – I joined @RobyBrock on @TBArkansas for a wide-ranging discussion yesterday. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/s9xfoWld06 I appreciate the service of the @arkansasguard. Arkansans support our neighbors in TX and LA, and all those affected remain in our prayers. … Thanks to the Ouachita River Valley Association for inviting me to give an update at their annual convention in Royal today.pic.twitter.com/R9mFQprLGC Enjoyed talking with students at @LHSAnnounce about becoming good citizens today.pic.twitter.com/x2m6BsUOzv Joining @5NEWS live shortly. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/cYQAASyX6e Couldn't agree more:  … … Great to be with the AIPAC Christian-Jewish Leadership Caucus in Conway today. Thanks for your time.pic.twitter.com/sJ9vJh0yEd READ: ‘Cotton, FDA commissioner discuss Rx prices, opioids’ via @pbcommercial  It was an honor to present military medals to the family of WWII veteran George Anderson. WATCH via @KARK4Newspic.twitter.com/jnrSedDJDY READ: ‘Daughters finally get dad's WWII service medals’ via @ArkansasOnline  I am grateful for the service of WWII veteran George Anderson and pleased my office was able to recover his medals. WATCH via @THV11pic.twitter.com/prUKKSeoXh It was an honor to present recovered medals to the family of WWII veteran George Anderson today. We are grateful for his service.pic.twitter.com/kuVH3XzASZ Thanks to the Danville Chamber for inviting me to speak at their annual dinner yesterday. Great to see so many friends!pic.twitter.com/wI7VbWkQsz Great turnout for the AR Valley Alliance announcement of the ConAgra facility expansion in Russellville.pic.twitter.com/Lmqh09poQU Thanks to all who took part in the Community Clinic Health Center Celebration in Springdale last week.pic.twitter.com/YV00C6iUdw READ: ‘Cotton, FDA commissioner discuss Rx prices, opioids’ via @pbcommercial  LISTEN to my interview on @newsradio1029 from this morning:pic.twitter.com/zZ0fpZEfBI Great to meet with officers from @HotSpringsPD today. Thanks for your work to keep the community safe.pic.twitter.com/F1ZRWHfXaf I joined @HughHewitt this morning to discuss Afghanistan. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/GeibIbdBSZ Joining @hughhewitt shortly. Tune in! Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! The president gave a strong speech tonight, and I support his decision on Afghanistan.  pic.twitter.com/x3uSVMh6xu Thanks to @SGottliebFDA for joining me at NCTR in Jefferson this afternoon to meet with employees and learn more about their work. @US_FDApic.twitter.com/oq7w7wwdzo .@SGottliebFDA & @SenTomCotton receive update on research capabilities at National Center for Toxicological Research lab in Jefferson, Ark.pic.twitter.com/a8eAUEGUsw Great to have @USOCC Comptroller Keith Noreika in Little Rock with me to meet with @ArkBankers today.pic.twitter.com/6HyW4k8aJW Our men and women in uniform face danger every day, even in peacetime. Thinking and praying for our missing sailors. … My statement on the jailing of pro-democracy protestors in Hong Kong:  pic.twitter.com/ILvHihL7dH My statement on the passing of Frank Broyles:   Russian treaty violations need to have consequences.  READ my letter to the editor in the @WSJ ‘RAISE Act Will Rationalize Legal Immigration’  I joined @JessiTurnure on @CapitolViewAR yesterday to discuss the RAISE Act, North Korea, and more. WATCH:  READ my letter to the editor in the @WSJ ‘RAISE Act Will Rationalize Legal Immigration’  I sat down with @KATVChrisMay on @TBArkansas to talk about my immigration legislation, the RAISE Act.  WATCH:  Russian treaty violations need to have consequences.  Today, college football lost one of the greats. My statement on the passing of Frank Broyles:  pic.twitter.com/ESfr49dONx I sat down with @KATVChrisMay on @TBArkansas to talk about my immigration legislation, the RAISE Act.  WATCH:  READ my letter to the editor in the @WSJ ‘RAISE Act Will Rationalize Legal Immigration’  I joined @JessiTurnure on @CapitolViewAR this morning to discuss the RAISE Act, North Korea, and more. WATCH:  My statement on the violence in Charlottesville:  pic.twitter.com/50mptAz2Pv Don't miss this week's newsletter! Sign up here:   READ my op-ed in @USATODAY with @sendavidperdue: 'Our immigration plan is pro-worker and pro-growth’  I joined @ChrisMayKATV for a discussion about the RAISE Act today. Be sure to tune in to @KATVNews tonight to hear it.pic.twitter.com/iWKOusHVqB UCA was pleased to host @SenTomCotton this morning for a breakfast with the @Conway_Chamber.pic.twitter.com/yBvETVlZXs Immigration Anxieties, Then and Now. Good take on the RAISE act and immigration by @wrmead. … Great to see so many friends at the Dardanelle Rotary Club lunch today. Thanks for having me!pic.twitter.com/3ljN9bHxAX READ my op-ed in @USATODAY with @sendavidperdue: 'Our immigration plan is pro-worker and pro-growth’  America Deserves a RAISE. More on the RAISE Act:  pic.twitter.com/nXnZnwHAZk The RAISE Act focuses on the needs of working families in reforming our immigration system.pic.twitter.com/FWHlPrrXDw WATCH the press conference outside the @WhiteHouse on the RAISE Act:pic.twitter.com/juHozClYVb The RAISE Act would raise working Americans’ wages by giving priority to the best-skilled immigrants.pic.twitter.com/fgSq6tAy65 Congratulations to Bank of the Ozarks, Home BancShares, Simmons, and Bear State Bank on being named top-performers:   WATCH my remarks at the @WhiteHouse on the RAISE Act:pic.twitter.com/5abQyZNsn9 Joining @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation shortly to discuss the RAISE Act. Tune in! The RAISE Act would raise working Americans’ wages by giving priority to the best-skilled immigrants.  pic.twitter.com/Qq6vJeVnLN America Deserves a RAISE. More on the RAISE Act:  pic.twitter.com/xMAELZpkWX ICYMI - I joined @sendavidperdue and @TuckerCarlson to discuss the RAISE Act earlier this week. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/RuNk1oACUs The RAISE Act focuses on the needs of working families in reforming our immigration system.pic.twitter.com/9PI629L91O I talked with @newsradio1029 about immigration and healthcare. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/GBmWwiqOhk I joined @Morning_Joe to discuss raising working Americans’ wages by giving priority to the best-skilled immigrants:  LISTEN to my interview with @hughhewitt from yesterday on the RAISE Act:  LISTEN to my interview with @IngrahamAngle on the RAISE Act:  I talked with @ShannonBream on @AmericaNewsroom about my legislation to raise wages for American workers. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/UXIurXft63 I joined @TheLeadCNN yesterday to discuss reforming our immigration system to focus on raising wages for American workers. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/t1Taa9pRXD My statement on the confirmation of Arkansan Michael Platt as an assistant secretary of Commerce:   WATCH my remarks at the @WhiteHouse on the RAISE Act:pic.twitter.com/RRu3EpZZ4M Congratulations to Bank of the Ozarks, Home BancShares, Simmons, and Bear State Bank on being named top-performers:   LISTEN to my interview with @DaveElswickShow on the RAISE Act:  LISTEN to my interview with @DaveElswickShow on the RAISE Act:  My statement on the confirmation of Arkansan Michael Platt as an assistant secretary of Commerce:   I joined @TheLeadCNN this afternoon to discuss reforming our immigration system to focus on raising wages for American workers. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/t0E5TBhMFD Joining @jaketapper on @TheLeadCNN shortly. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/9RhrQR7430 Joining @DocWashburn on @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @DaveElswickShow on @965FMTheAnswer shortly. Tune in! Big news! The Cotton Sand Lizards beat team @JohnBoozman & won the Golden Razorback! It's the beginning of a long winning streak.pic.twitter.com/zvux2nz3Tl I talked with @ShannonBream on @AmericaNewsroom about my legislation to raise wages for American workers. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/SBUQvLt0wY LISTEN to my interview with @IngrahamAngle on the RAISE Act:  LISTEN to my interview with @HughHewitt this morning on the RAISE Act:  I joined @Morning_Joe to discuss raising working Americans’ wages by giving priority to the best-skilled immigrants:  One more supporter for the RAISE Act!pic.twitter.com/7FzHrFx3y0 I talked with @newsradio1029 this morning about immigration and healthcare. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/sZcKjWNqD4 Joining @AmericaNewsroom shortly to discuss the RAISE Act. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/456Sz2Zuv5 Joining @IngrahamAngle shortly to discuss the RAISE Act. Tune in! Joining @newsradio1029 shortly. Tune in! Joining @morning_joe shortly to discuss the RAISE Act. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/IQwEVxcZLe Joining @hughhewitt shortly to discuss the RAISE Act. Tune in! ICYMI - I joined @sendavidperdue and @TuckerCarlson to discuss the RAISE Act tonight. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/7WNXdFgSLN Joining @TuckerCarlson shortly to discuss the RAISE Act. Tune in! The RAISE Act would raise working Americans’ wages by giving priority to the best-skilled immigrants.  pic.twitter.com/Y5fa4pfL1j America Deserves a RAISE. More on the RAISE Act:  pic.twitter.com/TMVLzlGIBh The RAISE Act focuses on the needs of working families in reforming our immigration system.pic.twitter.com/KvNRYV4fXr WATCH the press conference outside the @WhiteHouse earlier on the RAISE Act:pic.twitter.com/NFXq3Giw6Z The RAISE Act would raise working Americans’ wages by giving priority to the best-skilled immigrants.   WATCH my remarks at the @WhiteHouse on the RAISE Act:pic.twitter.com/HqLCDsMbTa I joined @sendavidperdue today in introducing the Reforming American Immigration for a Strong Economy Act. MORE:   Watch LIVE as President Trump makes an announcement with @SenTomCotton and @sendavidperdue:  pic.twitter.com/WqyGmzonsX My Washington, D.C. office is now seeking fall interns. More info:   My Washington, D.C. office is now seeking fall interns. More info:   Thanks to Reince Priebus for his service to our country. (2/2) John Kelly is a great American. Anna and I are proud to call him and his wife, Karen, friends. He's an outstanding choice. (1/2) Congratulations to the new Garland County Sherriff’s Deputies. Thanks for your work to keep the county safe.pic.twitter.com/jNahbW7q7R READ my op-ed in the @WSJ - 'Repeal the Budget Control Act’  Congratulations to Young Children's Home at Chaffee Crossing on a successful dedication yesterday.pic.twitter.com/Pyi5B0CHcT Don’t miss this week’s newsletter! Sign up here:   Thanks to all who came out for the ribbon cutting of the new Highway 25 bypass in Conway this week.pic.twitter.com/osQJUNbm6l READ: “Repeal the CFPB's Anti-Consumer Ban on Mandatory Arbitration Clauses” via @Forbes  Thanks to Garner and Kathlyn for discussing juvenile diabetes research with me yesterday.pic.twitter.com/xfxNkC67YM Thanks to Arkansans with RESULTS for sharing with me about their work to end poverty.pic.twitter.com/0cPatxHyVh READ my op-ed in the @WSJ - 'Repeal the Budget Control Act’  Thanks to DuShun with the Arkansas MLK Jr. Commission for talking with me about the commission’s work yesterday.pic.twitter.com/Dzin2reR0f Congratulations to Staff Sgt. Tasheenia L. Wallace on making history & being the first woman to complete the @arkansasguard infantry course. … READ my op-ed in the @WSJ - 'Repeal the Budget Control Act’  Glad to meet with members of ACCSES this morning and discuss ways to help those with disabilities. Thanks for your time.pic.twitter.com/JPLfBeAbt9 Thanks to all who came out in Van Buren to learn about Project Lead the Way, a hands-on science and engineering learning curriculum.pic.twitter.com/BdX0xDKjE4 .@ArFB recently held a successful officers and leaders conference in Hot Springs. Thanks for your work!pic.twitter.com/0UqWr6wjuD READ my op-ed in the @WSJ "Repeal the Budget Control Act’"  Congratulations to Ivy Owen on receiving the 2017 John Lynch Redevelopment Leadership Award for his work at @ChaffeeFS.pic.twitter.com/MRMOB9pw4F Great turnout for the Linebacker II Memorial Rededication event at Eaker Air Force Base in Blytheville.pic.twitter.com/DwvN8ecPYP READ: “Repeal the CFPB's Anti-Consumer Ban on Mandatory Arbitration Clauses” via @Forbes  Jeff Sessions is a good man and a fine Attorney General. Statement:   Thanks @SenTomCotton for meeting w @FarmCreditWEAR to discuss the #FarmBill & supporting rural communities & ag in Arkansas! #FarmCreditpic.twitter.com/rw8eTyLE7u READ my op-ed in the @WSJ ‘Repeal the Budget Control Act’  This vote is the first step toward solving the problems created by Obamacare. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/i426fTRPWA Jeff Sessions is a good man and a fine Attorney General. Statement:  pic.twitter.com/g44J2cjWEX READ: "PEARL HARBOR RESCUE: Arkansan's heroics to get due in D.C." via @ArkansasOnline  READ: “Repeal the CFPB's Anti-Consumer Ban on Mandatory Arbitration Clauses” via @Forbes  I joined @SenCoryGardner in introducing legislation to enhance the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. MORE:   I joined @newsradio1029 this morning to discuss healthcare and the Taiwan Security Act. LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/jE9UFgKevM I joined @SenCoryGardner in introducing legislation today to enhance the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. MORE:   READ: "PEARL HARBOR RESCUE: Arkansan's heroics to get due in D.C." via @ArkansasOnline  President Trump today urges Iran to return Robert Levinson and all other US hostages @HelpBobLevinsonpic.twitter.com/VpKGd5hIgc I joined @RobyBrock on @TBArkansas to discuss healthcare. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/xxoFg1gi8u Yesterday my colleagues and I filed a resolution disapproving of the CFPB Arbitration Rule:  My statement on @USDA agreement allowing rice exports to China:  pic.twitter.com/0HLWVg0JOK I had the honor of visiting with USS Arizona survivors yesterday in D.C. WATCH the story via @KARK4News:pic.twitter.com/uVq6MqkLIf Great to meet with Taylor, Dean, and Charlie with the National Retail Federation yesterday. Thanks for coming by!pic.twitter.com/HSq1XDPVpZ Thanks to doctoral students from Texarkana for discussing education policy with me today.pic.twitter.com/BcfkjqOyXZ 