One of our jobs as Senators is to protect our democracy, and therefore to protect the independence of the Special Counsel and the integrity of the Russia investigation. Rosenstein oversees the investigation, and must stay in his job. I joined Rachel Maddow last night to discuss:pic.twitter.com/Y7f8hWBC84 The opioid epidemic is a serious issue impacting millions of Americans. We’ve passed bipartisan legislation to address the crisis, but pharma lobbyists tried to use the legislation to get $4 billion for drug companies. We can’t let that happen. … Voting is the best way for people to ensure they have a voice in our democracy. My resolution recently passed in the Senate to make every 4th Tuesday in September #NationalVoterRegistrationDay. Register to vote, make your voice heard at the polls.  Prescription drug costs are skyrocketing. Now drug shortages are causing more price increases. This is not o.k. I passed a bill that has helped prevent hundreds of shortages & have called on the FDA to do more. Consumers can’t afford to wait.   … image2.png Thank you to @amyklobuchar staff for welcoming not only the @ACSCANMN delegation for a meeting today, but also our 12 delegates from 5 partner cancer organizations across the world! We are appreciative of Senator Klobuchar’s support of cancer issues. #CancerLobbyDaypic.twitter.com/6BcJcgffeH "Not all angels have wings"-Senator @amyklobuchar while presenting her Angel from Minnesota, Judith Eckerle at this morning's senate Breakfast  #day2 #AdoptionAngelspic.twitter.com/E3s6M1Fyks We lost a legend. Barbara Flanagan & my dad started out as the “Twin columnists” for the Twin Cities & they always had fun together, including co-hosting the old downtown council style show! We’ll miss her. Legendary journalist Barbara Flanagan dies at 94.  Another major event is has chosen Minnesota as host! The @NCAA Women’s Final Four will be held in Minneapolis in 2022. Looking forward to welcoming these accomplished athletes from around the country.  … image4.png Senator @AmyKlobuchar on Rod Rosenstein's future:  I'm very concerned. This is a man that is #2 in the Justice Department overseeing a national security investigation, the Mueller investigation about whether a foreign country cyber-attacked our own country.pic.twitter.com/SVVUFnV7KN Good to be on @maddow show tonight talking with Rachel about why Rod Rosenstein should keep his job & the importance of special counsel investigation.  At its core, this investigation is about a cyber attack against our country. Here’s a brief clip: … This whole thing is outrageous.  Rod Rosenstein is a career prosecutor & is overseeing the Mueller investigation. He should stay & the investigation should be protected. Rosenstein to stay in job for now, will meet with Trump on Thursday, White House says … As we work to close the digital divide, it’s critical that we understand where broadband is available and where it’s not. @SenCapito and I have called on the FCC to utilize consumer feedback to map broadband availability and strength. All Americans deserve reliable, fast service. Great to be in Shoreview with @TinaSmithMN, @VoteBetty, and Minnesota State House candidate Kelly Moller who works in my former office—the Office of the Hennepin County Attorney.  Another MN community fired up to drive turnout to the polls for the next 44 days!pic.twitter.com/NiCRoXyNVh Joined the Minnesota Alzheimer’s Association @alzMNND yesterday at their yearly RivALZ flag football game to raise awareness and help #EndAlz. Some strong women out there on the field!pic.twitter.com/20DftOCoOA Good luck to the @Vikings as they take on the Bills at home today! I ran into @ViktortheViking and the #Skol Line at yesterday’s @RivALZtc event.  We’re all looking for a win today (done with ties!)pic.twitter.com/yOspFQI9Gr Hey @buffalobills, wrong state.  That’s the state of the team we tied last week. This week the @vikings are going to win!  #BUFvsMINpic.twitter.com/aHbBUATc2q Happy 50th anniversary to Normandale Community College @normandale_cc! I was glad to be there to celebrate with you today. Here’s to another 50 years of building brighter futures for our state.pic.twitter.com/RyHpuhuHHm Happy Birthday to Minnesota’s next Lt Governor, @peggyflanagan!  What better way to spend it than on the campaign trail?    On the Daily Show w/ @TrevorNoah last week, I made the case for the importance of voting. Early voting is already open in many states, including MN. Vote!  P.S. You’ll like his joke about what would happen to a nightclub that had the same ratio of men:women as the Senate...pic.twitter.com/jvxdgnhQvf Kicked off this morning at the Run Like A Girl 5k with @womenwinning. They’re working to elect women candidates across MN, like @angiecraigmn & @TinaSmithMN. @CecileRichards and I got to greet the runners on a beautiful day. Now it is time to lead, fight, win, & run like a girl!pic.twitter.com/J1ru8huY10 Great crowd at the @MNAFLCIO convention today! Unions have helped keep our state strong. Thank you for standing for our state and standing up for our country.pic.twitter.com/w7QNoVhXI2 Made a fun stop at the @MidtownGlobal Market today with @TinaSmithMN and @CatherineForNV!pic.twitter.com/Il6OBKUG1U Last night I joined Serving Our Troops to serve up a meal to our troops & families to thank the 650 @MNNationalGuard service members leaving for a 10 month deployment in Kuwait. We’re so proud of these men & women & thankful for the sacrifices they make to keep us all safe.pic.twitter.com/vZnbD5Q6Ox Had a great discussion with members and leaders of our Latino community today with @TinaSmithMN, @CatherineForNV, Edwina Garcia, @peggyflanagan, @TorresRayMN, @MelisaFranzen, Maria Gonzalez and many others about what’s on the line in our election this year.pic.twitter.com/H4EwWCzP7T Thank you @SenTinaSmith and @amyklobuchar and @VoteBetty for supporting our troops!pic.twitter.com/iBPqQLQpGe I was a cosponsor of this bill and I am glad it got through the senate...finally!  Good for those who write and perform music...And we could use some music right now! … Thanks @AngieCraigMN for focusing on our students and apprenticeships and workforce training!  So important in our state. … .@KamalaHarris and I are asking  the White House to simply get the FBI to finish its background check on the nominee and establish the facts.  The American people are owed the facts when it comes to a nominee for the highest court in the land. … Before we proceed on the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh, the White House must ask the FBI to reopen its background check. A full vetting is standard procedure for our nation’s highest court. The American people deserve to know the facts. … Unwanted robocalls & telemarketing spoofs are the top consumer complaint to the FCC and - by 2019 - could make up over half of U.S. calls. So let’s pass our bill to make it easier to go after robocall & spoofing violations. … Now the President is saying he “doesn’t have an Attorney General,” casting further doubt the future of the Mueller investigation. We need to protect the independence of the Special Counsel and allow the DOJ & law enforcement to do their jobs.  … image1.png Thanks Ken Burns for what should be a really good documentary about the story of Mayo Clinic.  @MayoClinic  … via @PB_News This is a big deal. Americans deserve to know who is paying for political ads. This ruling is a win for everyone fighting to shine a light on dark money. … Something to think about: Women don’t just face a gender pay gap. They also suffer from a stock options gap. … A federal judge in GA expressed concern that the state’s electronic machines could be vulnerable to hacking—this is 1 of 5 states that have no paper ballot backups. Another reason to pass my Secure Elections Act to help all states improve election security … FBI handles background checks for all federal judges at all levels & US Attorneys. FBI also follows up on issues raised in the course of the checks so senators have the info to make a decision. They give us a written report. They have also reinvestigated when new info comes out. … Good news: my bill with @SenMarkey to fund research into a universal flu vaccine has been approved by the Senate. Last year’s flu was the worst we’ve seen in years, and with the next flu season starting soon, we have to be prepared. My statement from 2 days ago still stands—we need an impartial investigation by the FBI of Dr. Blasey Ford’s report. The FBI does background checks for all federal judges & always provides us with the info.  There’s absolutely no reason it shouldn’t get done for the highest court … To all my friends in the Jewish community on Yom Kippur—May the new year bring you strength and prosperity. So sad....looking down at your phone while driving a car at 60 mph is like driving the length of a football field blindfolded: Distracted driving 'epidemic' blamed for crash that killed teacher, daughter in S. Minn..  Thanks to the city of Fergus Falls and Green Plains ethanol for hosting me last weekend. We discussed the important role of biofuels and what we can do to even the competitive playing field with oil - like making E15 year-round. … Last night, the Senate passed a bipartisan package of bills to address the nation’s opioid crisis, including my bills, the STOP Act & SALTS Act. This epidemic is devastating families across the country, and its important that we address it together. … We need Dr. Ford’s testimony and an investigation.  Even Kellyanne Conway & several of our Republican colleagues agree. And we still need thousands of documents.  Why would we ram this through on Thursday?  We must have an investigation & get the documents … The devastating flooding from Florence is expected to continue for days, putting even more lives at risk. We must support the people of North and South Carolina, and help them to recover and then rebuild. #HurricaneFlorence … For weeks we’ve witnessed a full-fledged effort to ram this nomination through without thousands of critical documents or investigative followup. I’m glad GOP Senator Flake has now joined us in calling for a delay of this week’s committee vote. This is our nation’s highest court For any nominee-whether it’s district court or any judge-if a report like Ms. Ford’s comes to light I expect it to be seriously investigated by the FBI before we vote. We thank her for coming forward and need witness interviews and report back. Also still need remaining documents Dad and I getting psyched for the ⁦@Vikings⁩ game.  At age 90 he doesn’t do a lot of selfies, so this is a first!pic.twitter.com/ebOEwqiZSI Had a wonderful night in Fargo with my friend @HeidiHeitkamp at the @nddemnpl’s annual Burdick Dinner. Thank you for having me, North Dakota!pic.twitter.com/8hQSPjzd5b Thnx for rec on this version.  Just came out of meeting w/Ada soybean farmers. With no place to sell their beans & no farm bill & tariffs, “fields of gold” could be as nostalgic as the song.  Farming is way of life. Eva Cassidy -Fields of Gold   via @YouTube Took this MN soybean field photo on a  Sept day & played Sting’s “Fields of Gold”:Many years have passed since those summer days among the fields of barley You can tell the sun in his jealous sky when we walked in fields of gold When we walked in fields of gold. #GoodToBeHomepic.twitter.com/l0a77wgNYC Want to get some homemade Minnesota tomato  salsa for the Vikings/Packers game tomorrow? George is selling it in front of the senior center in Ashby today.  His friend Wes is back there on the bench.  They say not to worry, even the “Hot” version isn’t too hot.pic.twitter.com/ivjAfaJMfJ In St. Joseph this morning rallying volunteers in support of MN State Senate candidate @JoePerske & house candidates Heidi Everett & Jim Read. Lots of great people from 89-year-old door-knocker Irene to Abby, Pres of College Dems at St. Ben’s & St. John’s. @MinnesotaDFLpic.twitter.com/N8gd2foS68 Today 10,000 Minnesotans are at Target Field marching for a cure and better treatment for Alzheimer’s.  We must continue to invest in finding a cure, and we must pass my bipartisan Alzheimer's Caregiver Support Act. #ENDALZ @alzMNNDpic.twitter.com/wWvwULn4r1 Congrats to Watkins Inc. and @WuolletBakery and Winona on the World Record biggest layer cake!  #OnlyinMN     … … Poisoning people, downing passenger planes, hacking elections..it’s cyber/chem/tech warfare & we must be prepared & as sophisticated as those attacking democracies. Pass Secure Elections Act now. Russians Planned Attack on Lab Testing Nerve Agent Swiss Say … Good news: my bipartisan bill to help veterans exposed to toxic burn pits is headed to be signed into law. This legislation will help ensure we have the staff and resources to treat the health problems of our veterans exposed to burn pits. The U.S. is the only country that’s not part of the Paris Agreement, which I’ve long said is a mistake. But this gives me hope that - even without the Administration - local leaders, private citizens & businesses are making strides to reach its goals. … We’re close to passing my STOP Act with @senrobportman through the Senate. This is a huge step in helping close the loophole that lets synthetic drugs into the US. With opioid-related deaths at an all time high, this can’t come soon enough. … Proud of these Minnesotans who have volunteered to head to North Carolina before Florence hits. We stand with our friends in North and South Carolina. … Asked about the Port of Duluth today at Commerce transportation hearing.  It is the largest & busiest port on the Great Lakes hosting about 1000 ships carry 35 million short tons of cargo per year.  @cityofduluth @duluthnews Three hearings this morning!  Thanks to Minnesota Farm Bureau and Minnesota Farmers Union for having so many people at the ag hearing today as well as being such strong advocates for the Farm Bill.  @MNFarmersUnion @MNFarmBureau At hearing where Sen. Whitehouse & I made motion to obtain 102,000 hidden documents about the nominee from the White House.  It was denied. We haven’t even been given a reason why each document has been withheld and we also asked for that. This is the highest court of the land! Good bedtime reading: ‘Jaws of Life' used to free bear with head stuck in milk can near Roseau.  Wonderful evening representing Team @amyklobuchar at the Carlton County Chili Cookoff!pic.twitter.com/T9uiOCdqUb so cool to see @amyklobuchar on @TheDailyShow talking #NeverthelessWePersisted & @Trevornoah reading frm the book. YES!!  …pic.twitter.com/NREC569HAy Though Mark Westpfahl’s St Paul 6th graders weren’t born yet on September 11, 2001, they took the day to learn about this important moment in our history.  You’ve given your students a memorable lesson, @MarkJWestpfahl. … The Administration called the relief efforts in Puerto Rico after the hurricane an “incredible unsung success.” With the death toll close to 3,000, this is not a cause for celebration - it’s a tragedy. … A drug company hiked the price of an antibiotic 400 percent and called it a “moral requirement.” These companies put profits over people. We need to bring down the cost of Rx drugs & pass my bills to lower costs & allow Medicare Part D negotiation. … Thinking of my friends in North and South Carolina as the hurricane approaches.  As I’ve seen with Minnesota floods, safety (including inland with the heavy rains) and following emergency recommendations should be number one priority right now. Love this one!  Joe Mauer's grand slam helps Twins score rare victory over Yankees.  Thanks Michelle! I’ve been to the Edward Kennedy Institute and saw the desk.  What a great place to bring students.  Thanks for letting me know!  Now tomorrow I will be back to sit in the actual desk! … It’s National Suicide Prevention Week, which serves as a reminder to us all that the power of connection can save lives. If you need to talk, there is always someone ready to listen.   @afspnational #StopSuicidepic.twitter.com/mo9aXS4mvY More evidence that we need to strengthen our election system by using paper ballots and conducting post-election audits. Congress should pass my bill, the Secure Elections Act. … Bald eagle swoops in to join firefighters’ 9/11 tribute in Minnesota.  Hard to believe it’s been 17 years since thousands lost their lives in New York City, at the Pentagon, and in Pennsylvania.  Today we remember the victims, including Minnesotans Tom Burnett Jr, MSG Max Beilke, Gordy Aamoth Jr, and Gary Koecheler. Now it is methane: Trump Administration Wants to Make It Easier to Release Methane Into Air … Transcript of Obama’s speech: “Don’t boo, vote.” … This is great news. Minnesota has a high voter turnout nationally, and it’s encouraging to see so many young people investing in their future. Be sure to vote on November 6! … This is a really critical issue, @barbrastreisand. Still working to pass my bipartisan bill, the Secure Elections Act, to upgrade our election security and require paper ballots and post-election audits. Americans deserve to have confidence in the democratic process. … Worth a read: Dignity was vanquished at U.S. Open. Then Serena Williams and Naomi Osaka showed us how to recover with grace. … Jon Nowacki column: Vikings QB Cousins proves his mettle … I saw the damage from these floods firsthand and called for federal support. These crucial funds will help our communities rebuild. … Congrats to @Vikings on a really good start to the season with a 24-16 victory over the 49ers.  There’s only one way to end the Super Bowl drought: start with a win! Ok, this is pretty funny. A rap about Minnesota has gone viral on social media. Yes, we do have more miles of shoreline than California, and it really is duck, duck, gray duck! … In Shakopee yesterday to kick off construction on a new Hwy 169 and Hwy 41 interchange, improving safety for everyone. There will be only one light now in Jordan from the Twin Cities to St. Peter on 169 and that’s my next project!pic.twitter.com/gJFsaWzY4C Good luck to the Minnesota @vikings who are starting their season today vs the 49ers! You make Minnesota proud. #Skol Burn pits used by our military overseas have exposed servicemembers to harmful substances & led to serious health issues like cancer. @SenThomTillis & I are calling for our bill helping veterans exposed to burn pits to be passed in the final appropriations bill. "What’s going to fix our democracy is you."  Strong, inspiring words from President Obama. If you haven’t seen his speech from yesterday, it’s worth a watch. … At Supreme Court hearing: Former Nixon counsel John Dean testifying.  He just said: If Judge Kavanaugh gets confirmed, it will the the most “presidential power friendly court in the modern era.” Thanks @CedricRichmond for testifying today at Kavanaugh hearing. As you note states have enacted more restrictive laws since Court took away voting protections in Shelby County. Court needs to protect voting rights, not take away the umbrella (see Justice Ginsburg’s #RBGdissent) Back on day 4 of Supreme Court hearing. Thanks to my fantastic legal staff Elizabeth Farrar & Rosa Po, pictured here in our make-shift hearing conference room (ok it’s a closet). A few days ago, in search of a Dr. Pepper, @BenSasse stumbled (literally) upon us &snapped this photo … In Supreme Court Hearing: Asked questions of judge tonight about #NetNeutrality   He dissented and wrote opinion that said rules protecting net neutrality were unconstitutional.    #BadSign for consumers, small businesses and anyone that uses the internet but isn’t rich Thanks Mayor.  Dr. Wanyama is well loved at Augsburg and Clara Haycraft and our state office worked hard on this as they do on so many constituent cases! … Asked Judge Kavanaugh about campaign finance law today as well as voting rights. These questions couldn't be more important -- too many states have restricted access to voting with new laws that weaken the right to vote and campaign contribution limits have been eroded by Court. “A popular Government, without popular information, or the means of acquiring it, is but a prologue to a farce or a tragedy; or perhaps both.”  Those are Madison’s words I quoted in the hearing today. Yep. I think we should get out of the last century & televise Supreme Court hearings. Audio tapes are good but when the Court is deciding people’s health care & rights to marry & vote, all should watch, not just people who can afford to come to D.C. &be lucky enough to get a seat … Yes..Hidden in all the legal density are 3 key consumer issues I focused on: his overruled opinion finding the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unconstitutional; his dissent in which he tried to strike down net neutrality rules; & his pro-merger antitrust opinions #Pattern … Re Supreme Court: The 4 “confidential” 2002 docs I got made public are a treasure trove on campaign finance, including nominee saying candidate contribution limits have “constitutional problems.” That’s why we need ALL documents. Today’s Senate intel hearing will discuss the real threat of foreign interference on social media platforms. We should  pass the Honest Ads Act to get transparency on social media ads & so Americans know who’s paying to influence our democracy. We need a strong contract for @steelworkers and the whole Iron Range economy. My grandpa was a union member & miner whose work put my dad through college - we've got to keep these GOOD jobs for the next generation #steelstrong A little break in my day to celebrate this...the biggest Fair in the Country (we don’t count Texas because they are open too long): Minnesota State Fair breaks attendance record, surpasses 2 million for first time  This weekend the President rebuked federal law enforcement for prosecuting two congressmen-one for insider trading & one for campaign theft. Why? The defendants are his supporters& his friends. Now he handpicks a nominee who wants to expand presidential power. This is not normal. … Thanks @FullFrontalSamB for watching, for speaking out, and for making this hearing real.  My daughter will like this one. Back to the hearing! … Thanks David.  I really wanted to explain the gravity of our duty here.  For our democracy to weather the storm we’re in, our nation’s highest Court must serve as a ballast...not be anchored to the White House … 189,000 pgs of documents given to senators are supposed to be kept “secret.” These are the 12 pages (re campaign finance) which the majority party deemed secret that they now released. I was the one who requested they be public but I also requested the other 189,000 be public!pic.twitter.com/2cQhusfiQr Here at Supreme Court hearing.  I’ve requested that we postpone the hearing so we can obtain 100,000 documents about the nominee that have been kept secret by White House. Exec privilege has never been invoked to shield docs in Supreme Court hearing including for Roberts & Kagan. Monday night document Massacre!  That means you bury your inquiring senators in 42,000 more Kavanaugh documents the night BEFORE the hearing starts.  I work late and read fast but not even I could read them before we start. #MoreCoffee. #postpone Congratulations to @wccoradio’s @JohnHinesMN on his last show today. Enjoy retirement!pic.twitter.com/D96F6NE5nO Had such a fun time at the @mnstatefair as a family today. We always love having Abigail home!pic.twitter.com/AbloqlSdTu Thanks @Richardtrumka for your strong leadership of the @AFLCIO  (and yes we want to see Canada  as part of any North American trade agreement). Happy Labor Day!  Direct from the Minnesota State Fair, a Rosie the Riveter working women’s photo.  So proud to stand with you.  Thanks to all the men and women who work hard every day.pic.twitter.com/9OGzPS6P9J Today we laid an American hero to rest. There were hundreds of midshipmen lining the walk from the Annapolis chapel to the cemetery, each saluting as the horse-drawn caisson went by. We’ll miss you John McCain. It was an honor to be part of the last decade of your incredible life Kavanaugh hearings start on Tuesday, and we just found out the Administration is blocking access to 100k docs on his time in the White House. What are they hiding? There are also 148,000 that we can’t talk about and the public can’t see. #UnBlockTheDocs. … Here now in Annapolis and this will be a tough afternoon for everyone.  As noted by President Bush yesterday, a man who never liked to rest is being laid to rest. McCain ends 81-year journey with burial at Naval Academy.  John and I stopped by the @MNFarmersUnion last week at the @mnstatefair to talk about their food this year - an amazing BLT and nitro brew! There’s never been a more important time to support Minnesota farmers.pic.twitter.com/88Sri8OuMV Good to work with the @MNFarmBureau this year. Thanks for having me at your @mnstatefair booth this past week!pic.twitter.com/pbvoqBjkIh Major research on Alzheimer’s going on now at ⁦@MayoClinic⁩ and University of Minnesota! Precision medicine opens new frontier in Alzheimer's fight.  Our daughter Abigail greeted visitors to my @mnstatefair booth today while John and I attended Sen. McCain’s funeral. Thank you, Abigail!pic.twitter.com/4l1Hv9ehju Thanks Betsy.  So glad our great team is there at the fair today. … The Capitol ceremony was beautiful yesterday. I will be attending the Cathedral service today as well as the burial tomorrow when John McCain’s journey will end where his service started—at the Naval Academy. Thanks Cindy and family for your strength. … This is a good step by the FDA, but we need to do more to combat opioid abuse. So let’s pass my bill with @senrobportman to help curb synthetic drugs & keep them out of our communities.  … Thanks for all your good work Maddie! @madelinehormann … Best day at the Fair and so good to meet the girls. … Rumors are we’ll pass the million visitor mark at the @mnstatefair today. Here’s four of them visiting with me at my booth this morning!pic.twitter.com/Fi9t3pKpSQ Good to see that other social media platforms are taking steps to address fake ads and news. Now we must pass my Honest Ads Act, so we have transparency on social media ads & Americans know who’s paying to try to influence our democracy.  … image1.png Chatted with Dave Lee on @wccoradio this morning live from the @mnstatefair. Love our yearly tradition!pic.twitter.com/qWaoNxkZvn What an amazing story about Jack Morrow, a selfless volunteer who quilts blankets for newborns in need. Jack recently turned 95 and made a goal (that he hit!) to sew 500 by the date. The world needs more people like you, Jack! … (Thread) Sen. @amyklobuchar announces to #ALconv2018 that passage of Senate resolution naming Aug. 24-30 "American Legion Week." Applause from the crowd.pic.twitter.com/BlOBpBweRj When so many children around the world need homes, we need to make adoption easier for families. That’s why @RoyBlunt and I have introduced legislation to improve the intercountry adoption process. Thanks to the @AmericanLegion for having me speak at your conference! Minnesota is honored to host your 100th National Convention.pic.twitter.com/Sb3UHlsg0v New staggering numbers confirm that 2,975 people lost their lives in Puerto Rico, compared to the 64 reported in the official death toll. This report reveals the true scale of the tragedy. We cannot forget the people of Puerto Rico- we must help. … I visited the Minnesota Farm Bureau booth at the State Fair this week. As a member of the Ag Committee, I’ve worked to ensure the Senate Farm Bill works for Minnesota’s farmers and ranchers - and everyone else in our state. Thanks for your hard work.pic.twitter.com/Rhzz2oBW3H This is a big deal for our state and something our state government and federal Delegation have been pushing for for years in the courts, Congress and with the executive branch: Trump administration to pay New York, Minnesota for lost health-care funds … Congrats to Nancy Brasel our new federal judge!  This got done today and it makes the August Senate session more than worth it.  Eric Tostrud will be confirmed next week! #OnThisDay in 1963, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his “I Have A Dream” speech on the steps on the Lincoln Memorial.  His powerful call to action still resonates today, as we continue the fight for justice and opportunity for all Americans. Was on the floor for Senator Lindsey Graham's tribute to his best friend, John McCain. Such beautiful words. I’m again calling on Republicans to #UnBlockTheDocs. Judge Kavanaugh’s critical documents from his time in the White House are still not public. This isn't normal. Americans deserve transparency for a nominee to our nation's highest court. So many people are pulling for Denise, @WCCORosen. Keeping you and your family in our hearts.  … Thinking of Randy Shaver today. He beat cancer once before and we know he will do it again. Sending you good wishes and strength. … The crop art at the State Fair is always the best. This year portraits of Prince, Aretha Franklin & others, all made out of kernels and seeds. Thanks to Marge Moe, a 12 y/o from Saint Paul, for creating my first work, coming in 3rd for her age bracket. Her title? “Amy Cropuchar.”pic.twitter.com/NT0RwPbNg1 News to share with students (and their parents): U.S. student loan watchdog resigns, saying Trump policies will cause 'far-reaching harm'.  We’re still collecting photo submissions of your Amy Klobuchar bumper stickers! Is your sticker on your car? Motorcycle? Bicycle? Submit your photos through the link. We’ll publish some of our favorites soon! … One thing about Senator McCain: He took his work and his duty seriously, but he didn’t always take himself seriously (which made him a lot of fun to work with). Here are some lighter memories I shared with @MSNBC’s @Kasie Hunt.pic.twitter.com/NP0V0tEgAJ Minnesota was recently ranked #2 in the nation for women’s equality, as well as #1 in both educational attainment gap and unemployment rate gap for women. Our state knows that empowering women builds a bright future for all. … Not only are we sure Russia attacked our election systems, but they’re also using bots to spread misinformation about vaccines, putting American lives at risk. We can’t let this continue. … As a fmr prosecutor, I’ve seen firsthand what it takes to protect kids from kidnapping, exploitation & abuse. I intro'ed a bipartisan bill reauthorizing the Nat'l Center for Missing & Exploited Children. We must do everything possible to protect our kids. … The apple of my eye and a new apple at the Minnesota State Fair!  Stopped by the Horticulture Building to try the University of Minnesota’s “First Kiss Apple” which is really good. Thanks to my husband John for bringing the apple’s name to life! #1stpic.twitter.com/oVvhI8LvGd Two staff members who have gone on to do great things! Thanks @hannahquinnnn and Kayla!  Good seeing you at the Fair today! … Had a great time at @MinnesotaCooks today with fellow tasters Lori @sturdevant, Carrie Tollefson, and farmers Larry Schultz & May Lee. What I love about the @mnstatefair & this event is that they bring people from all across our state together. Thanks @MNFarmersUnion for hosting!pic.twitter.com/2NAjQseSmk Something else I learned from John McCain? Resiliency. Plane shot down, POW, loses presidential race..instead of giving up he returns to senate to do good work & pass on a whole lot of lessons to the rest of us. His words? “Who am I to complain? I’m the luckiest man on earth.” I am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of my friend and colleague, Senator John McCain. Full statement:  … I’ve known @SenJohnMcCain for a long time. He’s a man of unbelievable conviction & has been a mentor to me and so many others in the Senate. Here are some stories that remind us why he’s an incredible person and friend. … John and I had a great time at the @mnstatefair yesterday! It was a lot of fun to see so many Minnesotans out celebrating our great state—even in the rain. Thanks to everyone who came out to say hello!pic.twitter.com/KM9Pv1jAOP As I used to say in my old job, crimes committed in the boardroom belong in the courtroom (and that includes tax evasion): Why Manafort and Cohen Thought They’d Get Away With It … Days away from Kavanaugh Supreme Court hearing & we still don’t have critical documents from his time in White House. Only 6% of docs have been given to Senate & only 3% made public! What are they hiding? #UnBlockTheDocs & postpone so we can read them. That’s how democracy works. At the ⁦@mnstatefair⁩ and paid a surprise visit to our Princess Kay of the Milk Way butter bust carving booth and got to meet Melendy Miller of Plainview as well as say hi to our butter carver extraordinaire Linda Christensen!  Stop by!pic.twitter.com/9WlNSrTTaX My heart is with John and Cindy McCain today. My husband and I visited them last month. John is a fighter, and I know he is facing this difficult time with the same bravery he has shown his entire life. I am grateful for his friendship and for his service.  Show us your stickers! Whether you have a new bumper sticker or want one (we will send you one for free!), we want to see where you’re sporting your Amy Klobuchar bumper stickers! Submit your photos through the link. We’ll publish some of our favorites! … Facebook has removed hundred of accounts linked to Russia and Iran, which is a good step, but not enough. We must pass my Honest Ads Act, so we have transparency on social media ads & Americans know who’s paying to try to influence our democracy. … Thanks team! … Stop by our booth at the @mnstatefair and sign up to be part of Team Amy and get one of our buttons -- Amy at the Fair! Can’t wait to see you at the Great Minnesota Get-Together!pic.twitter.com/ff6BOG35ix Happy first day of the @mnstatefair! Wish I could be there at the gate for opening day, but in DC voting! If you’re from MN, you know how important and special this time of year is. Check out @RickNelsonStrib’s favorite foods over the past 20 yrs. … Cohen plea and Manafort guilty verdicts show that no one is above the law.  News today is more than enough proof that the Mueller investigation should be protected and Rosenstein & DOJ & law enforcement allowed to do their jobs.  Patriots pay their taxes.  Criminals evade them. Minnesota was ranked #2 in the US for best community & tech college systems! I know the value of community colleges -- both my sister & dad attended one. We’ve built a strong system in MN and should support it along w/ apprenticeships and skills training. … Another cyberattack on a candidate has been reported in California. With the election just 77 days away, we need to take action to prevent these attacks from happening and pass my bipartisan bill with James Lankford—the Secure Elections Act. … The @mnstatefair starts this Thursday! What are you most looking forward to seeing (and eating)? Stop by our booth and say hi!pic.twitter.com/NyMOJEzAN5 We’re shattering records (and glass ceilings!) when it comes to women running for office. It’s exciting to head into November with this energy! … An update from the August Senate session: This is when you know it’s a slow news day...but it was a really good potato  @politicopic.twitter.com/ePMrDyVChC Thanks Mitch!  Nothing like a good Hoghead Parade photo to start my morning off on a good note.  Hello to my long-time friend Rep. Mary Murphy! … Thanks Nate! … Thanks kamal and volunteers! … There’s room for everyone on Team Klobuchar! As summer wraps up and we enter the home stretch of this campaign, we need volunteers like you to help us make a difference in November. Sign up today!  I met with the White Earth Reservation Business Committee last week to discuss a number of issues, but particularly the impact of the opioid epidemic on their community.pic.twitter.com/AZ58sweoDh Good news: the @US_FDA has approved a generic version of the EpiPen! People will now have access to a less expensive alternative, but we need to do more - like passing my bills to bring down prescription drug prices. … Now an “enemies’ list”? Going after our nation’s security experts? Security clearances allow them to share info w/successors to protect us regardless of what president they worked for. Stop! White House drafts more clearance cancellations demanded by Trump … I met with officials last week in Koochiching County about the Borderland Substance Abuse Court--a successful program that connects addicts with recovery resources. That’s why I’ve led the effort to secure funding for these vital programs in the Senate.  … This week we learned that there are still 565 migrant children separated from their parents. This has gone on long enough. The Administration owes us answers on what they’re doing to make sure these kids are reunited with their families. … We’ll see who comes out on top in September, @SenJohnThune. #SKOL @Vikings … Sad to hear that former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has passed away. As a proud @Macalester alum, he made a difference here in Minnesota and around the world. … I had a great time visiting with teachers at the Bug O Nay Ge Shig High School in Bemidji this month. After years using a converted pole shed as their school, they’ve built a state-of-the-art facility that will bring students together from around the region. Thanks for having me!pic.twitter.com/bRIwTjY5JD Another great year at Game Fair! Stopped by last week to catch up with @RonSchara. Also visited with @pheasants4ever to talk about their conservation efforts to protect pheasants and other wildlife. It’s going on all weekend!pic.twitter.com/sdECVT0xMb These intelligence leaders are right —  deciding who should and should not hold security clearances must be based the safety of our country, not political views. … The State Fair is all about tradition, but perhaps the @StarTribune is taking a detour from normal State Fair flavors?? At least they didn't pick asphalt or car exhaust! … The Supreme Court hearings for Judge Kavanaugh begin in just a few weeks and we still don’t have access to critical documents about his past White House record. We need to have all the facts — this decision is too important and the American people cannot be left in the dark! It was an honor to present the family of Albert M. Hanson his long overdue Purple Heart for his courageous service in World War I. Because of his family’s work and commitment to tell Albert's story, we were able to commemorate his service. … .@joeradinovich not only won the 8th CD primary on Tuesday, but he also got engaged to one of my favorite women leaders—former state rep @carlymelin!  Congrats on both fronts Joe and Carly. Nothing better than an Iron Range wedding....but only if you serve potica for breakfast.pic.twitter.com/ZMI9LjElKn Yesterday, more than 300 newspapers around the country banded together to make clear to the Administration that freedom of the press is a fundamental right in America. The Senate stands with them—unanimously for a change. … good FCC hearing today.  I focused on rural broadband.  Commissioners announced that they are starting the registry for my rural call completion act.  Kids that grow up in rural MN should be able to live there. The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, left us today - but leaves behind a wealth of amazing performances. One of my most memorable will be seeing her perform at President @BarackObama’s first Inauguration: … This week marks the 10 year anniversary of the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act. This vital act has helped make many products, especially toys, safer for children by eliminating lead and other chemicals. We need to keep pushing for safety measures like this. A record 72,000 people overdosed in the U.S. in 2017, many from synthetic opioids.  This has got to stop. We must pass my bill w/ @senrobportman to help curb synthetic drugs  & keep them out of our communities.  …   Thanks to Margaret Anderson Kelliher @MAKforCongress and Patricia Torres Ray @TorresRayMN for your hard work and positive campaigns. Thanks also for your gracious support for @ilhanMN. So many great women and so much work to do! Thanks. Congratulations to my friend Ilhan Omar @ilhanMN on her major win last night. I look forward to working with you toward November’s elections, and beyond! #mnprimary Voters made their voices heard yesterday and set record numbers at the polls. Now we must come together. It’s time to unite behind a ticket that is ready to work for the people of Minnesota and ready to win in just 83 days. #mnprimary Minnesota always has one of the highest voter turnouts in the nation, & yesterday was no different with the most primary votes cast since 1982. Enthusiasm & interest in our democracy benefits us all. I am proud to represent a state that cares so much about our future! #mnprimary Excellent! … Thank you, Minnesota! Your support means so much to me, today and again in November. Thank you for helping us build a brighter future for our state and country. I promise to keep working hard for you in the Senate.  #MNPrimarypic.twitter.com/G8A5GWrWhD Congrats to @Tim_Walz and @peggyflanagan on the Governor primary win. Just heard @epmurphymn give a very gracious and heartfelt speech & endorsement. Thanks also to Lori Swanson, Rick Nolan and @ErinMayeQuade for your service. Looking forward to a unified ticket in November! Congratulations to @TinaSmithMN on your victory tonight! She’s a good friend and a great colleague.  Tomorrow we head back for the Senate August session but tonight we celebrate. #mnprimary Thinking of Norm and his family today.  We were just together in Washington a few weeks ago and his spirit is stronger than any cancer.  Former U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman says cancer has returned to his lungs, 'shaken my soul'  There’s still a few hours left for Minnesotans to vote in the primary! If you haven’t yet, head to your local precinct soon. You can register to vote when you get there. Don’t know where to vote? Find out here: … Minnesota is now the #1 ranked state for girls participating in sports! With so many powerful female athletes out there (looking at you Lindsay Whalen @Lindsay_13), there’s never been a better time to play like a girl. … Our bill to create a National Firefighter Cancer Registry has been signed into law! Now we can begin to help our heroes who have developed cancer on the job. We owe it to them to study this dangerous link. … Not sure what the primary means? Check out this helpful guide from @mprnews. As they point out, yes you can take a selfie at the polls! … Today is Primary Election Day. It’s a critical time in our state and our nation, and voting is how you make your voice heard! Same-day registration is easy, so make your way to the polls today and proudly wear your “I voted” sticker. … Good question. You can vote in-person at your normal precinct tomorrow and you won’t need to bring your mail-in ballot if you didn’t end up using it. For more info on Election Day voting, check out this website:  …  … Extraordinary visit to Grand Rapids Second Harvest. They’re serving thousands a week.  Rural poverty rate is really quite high. Farm Bill is important for food shelves. Thanks  to community leaders & volunteers & people who rely on food bank for spending time w/me. @food4every1 … Congratulations on your retirement, Lindsay Whalen @Lindsay_13! We'll miss seeing you play on the @minnesotalynx but glad we'll still be able to catch you in action as the coach of the Gophers women's basketball team. @GopherWBB … Remember Minnesota the primary is tomorrow! Be sure and vote.  It is easy with same-day registration. @duluthnews  … image2.png Got to meet w/Adam Ronning, MN dad who IRS had accidentally declared dead (remember this if you’re having a bad day). He was very much alive & I’m glad we were able to get him his refund: what needs to be done when you get buried in red tape  …  image4.png Watch this and share it if you know someone who looks at their phone when they drive: Video: State troopers hope video makes drivers put down phone.  Our championship robotics team from Greenbush is about to get even more of the spotlight. Twin Cities filmmaker Joe Brandmeier has captured a documentary short on this amazing team. It’s premiering August 15 at Roso Theatre in Roseau. Congrats! … We’re only 86 days away from the November election. Want to show your support? Sign up to receive a free lawn sign! … John&I at the beautiful Wabasha MN wedding of my incredible staff member Adam Yotter & his wife Chelsea!  Sweeping cornfields on one side & the hills to the river below.  A magical way to start a marriage! Congrats Adam&Chelsea. We’ll see you post-honeymoon at the State Fair! pic.twitter.com/l7d0H4JTvx After an epic last season, the Minnesota @Vikings kick-off their preseason today in Denver. Can’t wait to watch this team in the fall. Good luck today! #SKOL Patrick Reusse is one of Minnesota’s best known names in radio. He worked with my dad when he was a journalist at the Star Tribune. I’ll miss hearing him! Thanks for your dedication to MN sports, @PatrickReusse. Congratulations to Dr. Gianrico Farrugia, the new CEO of @MayoClinic. Mayo is a leader in health care globally and its voice is critical as we continue to address our nation’s health care challenges. … Every summer, Minnesota’s North Woods becomes home to our future Ambassadors - the campers of Concordia Language Villages @ConcLangVillages. International Day is a great reason to visit Bemidji and I had a wonderful visit with the campers. … Companion bill to Secure Elections legislation I have w/Sen. James Lankford introduced in House today. Our bill will be voted on in committee this month and we expect it to go to floor soon. Our bill calls for backup paper ballots and info on hacks immediately given to states! … Supreme Court nom hearing set for Sept 4th, yet archivist said we won’t have critical documents re Kavanaugh’s time in White House before Oct. No lawyer goes to court without reading the documents first. Certainly the same standard should apply to the highest court of the land! Thanks Mayor Albrecht!  What a great group of language students gathered at Bemidji’s Concordia Language Camp! @BemidjiRita @ConcLangVillage … .@SenAmyKlobuchar speaks @ConcLangVillage International Day 2018! Thank you to @amyklobuchar for supporting #AmericasLanguages !pic.twitter.com/dDaDAZDxIc Kahler Automation was honored to host U.S. Sen. @amyklobuchar, D-Minn., on Wednesday as part of her annual visit to each of Minnesota's 87 counties.   Click through to view photos of the Senator's tour. … Today marks 25 years since Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg became the 2nd woman to sit on the US Supreme Court. We are grateful for her service & for her continued fight for justice and equality for all. Here’s one of our daughter’s favorite photos (Abigail, me and “Notorious RBG”)pic.twitter.com/5cYYUAbiu4 Exciting things happening in Hallock (where yes you can almost see Canada from your porch).  Check out the tasting room at @FarNorthSpirits; @RevelationAles Works Brewery and here I am at the Bean and Brush cafe with owners Frank and Kate. … Congrats ⁦@minnesotalynx⁩ on 8th consecutive playoff spot!   True Champions!  Lynx clinch WNBA playoff spot with victory in Las Vegas.  There’s never been a more important time to support Minnesota farmers. We can start by passing a strong bipartisan Farm Bill.pic.twitter.com/nALKFYoPKH Good visit to Fairmont!   … Always good to talk with @LFNupdates, especially at @MNFarmfest. This is a critical time for our Ag industry, and I’m proud to be a voice for MN farmers on the Ag Committee.pic.twitter.com/YgWQuwGL7Y It’s always one of my favorite @MNfarmfest highlights: having a @mnfarmbureau Pork Chop on a Stick!pic.twitter.com/WGX7k4AzjY Good to spend time with @MNFarmersUnion at @MNFarmfest where broadband was a hot topic. Precision ag requires high speed internet. We can’t have farmers going to the McDonalds parking lot for internet service. We must have broadband in every corner of the state.pic.twitter.com/wLKpfQZmjx Still waiting for the thank you note from my daughter thanking me for making her recite multiplication tables over & over and do math workbooks on every summer vacation. You’re welcome Abigail: Make Your Daughter Practice Math. She’ll Thank You Later. … Today I was in Waseca to present a flag to Barry Erickson honoring his work. Since his son Caleb was killed serving in Afghanistan in 2014, Barry has been a comfort to many Gold Star parents and carried on Caleb’s spirit of service by standing up for vets.   Met with Blue Earth County prosecutors, judges, rehab staff in Mankato today about the good work they are doing with their drug and veterans’ courts. Thanks for all you do. … Congratulations on your retirement, @CapitolChatter! Thank you for covering the Capitol all these years. Firefighter Chuck Brynteson was only 48 when he passed away from cancer. We need to better protect our firefighters who are getting sick on the job. My new bill -- which is now law --creates a National Cancer Registry to help get answers. … Minnesota regularly has the highest voter turnout in the country, and this year early voting numbers are up 14% around the state! If you haven’t voted yet, don’t forget to vote in the primary by Tuesday. Make your voice heard! … With Arvonne and Don Fraser on Thanksgiving...While Arvonne advocated for women’s rights across the globe she was always grounded in her friends, family, neighbors and home.  She loved walking and gardening and the river (both the Mississippi and the St. Croix)!pic.twitter.com/NtBuSrsrIe Some people in politics are all heart and some are all policy and numbers.  Arvonne Fraser understood both.  She was my neighbor and friend and pushed so many women to go into the fray and do good.  Thinking of Don, my buddy Jean, and their family.  Got to spend time in Maple Grove, Eden Prairie, and Minneapolis today for National Night Out! It’s always great to see communities coming together to promote safer and more caring places to live. Here are some photos with me and a few new friends!pic.twitter.com/vHwgJyoPq5 Thanks to @MN_Chamber for including me in your discussion about human trafficking today. … 53 years ago this week the #VotingRightsAct was signed into law. We must keep working to expand, not suppress, voting rights. It’s time for Congress to #RestoreTheVRA & #ProtectTheVote! #VRA53 Had good discussions about Farm Bill, broadband, and manufacturing in northwestern Minnesota. @CrookstonTimes @mjceditor … We heard it again from the heads of our intelligence community this past week: the threat of foreign interference in our elections is real and it is happening now. I was on Meet the Press and talked about the need for every state have backup paper ballots.pic.twitter.com/IkDEYjqRAh This is cool: Minnesota group of synchronized swimmers - known as the Subversive Sirens - are heading to compete for gold. And they’re swimming to a Prince medley! These women are remarkable and put a new face on competitive sports. … The Perkins bill that includes my provision to promote career & technical education is now law. We need 21st century education to prepare our students for the jobs of tomorrow that our businesses are creating today. 1996 Duluth East High School graduate and two-time Olympian @karagoucher is gearing up to release her first book. But she’s also not quite done with her running career. You'll find success on any path you take, Kara! … Sad to learn of the passing of @mnstatefair Chief of Police Art Blakey. Not only did he keep thousands of Minnesotans safe during the Fair, but was also a great leader and friend to many. He will be missed. … .@Vikings Hall of Famer @RandyMoss can now add another accomplishment to his list: being inducted into the @NFL Hall of Fame. Congratulations from all of us in MN, Randy!  … Grace Besek celebrated her 104th birthday on Wednesday at the Newcomb Valley Inn outside of Arcadia, which her father built in the early 1930s. The highlight of the evening? Grace doing the chicken dance! Happy birthday!  … We have paper ballots in Minnesota, but unfortunately 9 states have only partial paper ballots (in some areas) and 5 states don’t have them at all.  That’s why we need to pass my bipartisan bill with James Lankford—the Secure Elections Act.  Thanks for caring about this issue. … Darrel Johnson suffered a stroke, but that hasn't stopped him from doing what he loves. On Tuesdays, Darrel can be found yodeling at the Cottage Grove VFW. “The doctor told me to keep singing and dancing,” he says. “So I am.” Way to go, Darrel! … The enemy of the people? No, a free press is the foundation of our democracy. As the Administration’s attacks on journalism continue, it’s more important than ever that reporters are able to do their jobs. … The cost of insulin is soaring-- it tripled between 2002-2013! This is unacceptable. I have bipartisan bills to bring down these prices. Let’s vote on them. It’s past time for us to stand up to the big prescription drug companies. … Like I’ve said before, there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud--and it turns out the President’s commission agreed-- but there is lots of evidence of foreign attempts to hack into our election infrastructure. … Wishing President @BarackObama a very happy 57th birthday! Thank you for your continued leadership and service to our country. Here’s a photo of the President and Abigail from a couple of years ago. pic.twitter.com/b9HdMBmmqL OK this was something I hadn’t heard about before and worth a read...thanks @MsPeters14 Respect for these incredible women comes in part by watching a game& seeing how very good they are: I’m a WNBA player. Men won’t stop challenging me to play one-on-one. … Explains why going backwards on fuel efficient cars is a big bad idea: How Big a Deal Is Trump’s Fuel Economy Rollback? For the Climate, Maybe the Biggest Yet … Enjoyed touring Ericco Manufacturing in Viking today. We talked about the importance of training more workers for open manufacturing jobs & my bill to create and expand apprenticeship programs. (Thanks to Ericco for the photo!)pic.twitter.com/fvLgnJAAR2 Up in East Grand Forks for a farm bill meeting with area leaders and who do I run into at City Hall but my favorite City Councilmember, WWII vet & Purple Heart recipient Henry Tweten.  He’s 94 and still serving on the Council.  Now that’s lifelong service to your country!pic.twitter.com/uZdXFyROW3 Was in Red Lake Falls w/Mayor Bertilrud & leaders. Checked in w/ @washingtonpost @_cingraham, the reporter who, based on USDA data, once wrote it was the worst place to live, but then visited & now lives here & loves it. Congrats on new baby Chris! … Important interview with @SenatorLankford and @amyklobuchar the “two senators [who] have been on the leading edge in Congress pushing legislation to bolster election security heading into the midterms” about the #SecureElectionsAct w/ @mkraju  Up in NW Minnesota in Red Lake Falls, Thief River, Viking and East Grand Forks.  When we had storms all over the state & the flooding in southern MN they had millions of dollars of power line damage up here too..Here’s photo from Polk County.  They should get FEMA funding to helppic.twitter.com/QpnOUYxRDC The planet is getting hotter.  Gas prices are going up.  The ice is melting.  The fires are raging. Stand up for science and not for this: Trump Administration Unveils Its Plan to Relax Car Pollution Rules … It is good to see security leaders Including General Nakasone standing up but there are only 96 days before the election.  We need to also pass the Secure Elections Act.  White House asserts 'vast' effort to protect elections.  Protecting our democracy from attacks isn’t a partisan issue. That’s why @SenatorLankford & I have a bill to strengthen election cybersecurity & protect against foreign interference in our elections. It’s time to act. The election is only 96 days away. … Joined @SenatorLankford to speak with @mkraju on @cnn about interference in our elections & our bipartisan bill to protect our democracy. With news of a new coordinated influence campaign on Facebook this week, it’s time to pass our Secure Elections Act now.pic.twitter.com/BA5QnQsr7U Thanks to our great group of @amyklobuchar volunteers who helped us out on the phones tonight!   Plenty more to do before November, sign up here:   pic.twitter.com/J5ljiPInkP Good move by the MN Board of Pharmacy. We need to crack down on these drugs. I’ve introduced legislation to make it easier to prosecute the criminals who sell and manufacture them. … Congratulations to Beth Ford, the newest (and first female!) CEO of MN’s @LandOLakesInc! Women continue to make great strides in business and leadership. Glad Beth can add her name to the impressive list of female Fortune 500 CEOs. 11 years ago today the 35W Bridge collapsed tragically killing 13. Though we’ve rebuilt, our infrastructure still needs upgrades. We must work together to build roads, bridges, dams, & rail that work for this century, not last. It’s not just gradual temperature rising-- experts say global warming is behind recent extreme weather disasters, like wildfires & droughts. Yet we’re the only country not in the international climate change agreement. We need to take these warnings seriously. Great feature on MN's own @WeaveGotMaille! Once on the verge of closing, they bounced back w/ the help of fiber internet & post office access & helped the community of Ada’s economy grow. Broadband access in our rural areas helps build a strong economy. … Good news: the Perkins Career & Technical Education Act has been signed into law, including my provision to involve teachers & parents in encouraging tech training. We need 21st century education to prepare our students for the jobs of tomorrow our businesses are creating today. Congratulations to @mitchellreports on 40 years with @NBCNews! You are an inspiration to other rising journalists and a force to be reckoned with. Here’s a photo of us announcing last year’s Congressional Women’s Softball Game with @DanaBashCNN!pic.twitter.com/Ii86yEJ2ps Joined @Morning_Joe to talk about the Administration's inhumane policy that still has hundreds of kids who have been taken from their parents. One of the witnesses yesterday said it was like “summer camp.” Well you come home to your parents after summer camp! 711 kids have not.pic.twitter.com/c9sgJG0mDz W/Facebook finding more post-2016 fake accounts buying political ads, it’s time to pass Honest Ads Act: one way to stop foreign interference is to not run political ads unless you know who is paying for them (duh!)(Facebook started doing it already, bill provides others do same) This will save lives but now we should also pass the bill to make it permanent: Federal judge blocks posting of blueprints for 3-D-printed guns hours before they were to be published … Do ankle sprains really require an opioid prescription? (No!) A new study published in the Annals of Emergency Medicine reports that 25% of patients with ankle sprains received an opioid for treatment. … The one twitter account is official through the office and the other is the one (that we are on) that I’ve had for awhile that I use to write personal notes to people like you. Thanks for asking! … Haven’t you done enough for those that have the most?  Meanwhile the debt gets bigger and the rich get richer.  Ask some young people what they think.  I mean they have a stake—you’re handing them the debt.  Trump weighs $100 billion tax cut for wealthy.  BREAKING: Facebook has identified a coordinated political influence campaign ahead of November’s elections. We need more transparency in online political activity. Time to pass my Honest Ads Act now! … In Judiciary hearing where I’ll question Administration on heartbreaking policy to separate kids from parents. Will ask about families like mom I met at border fleeing abusive husband in Honduras separated from her 10-year-old for a month.  She thought she lost her son forever. My dad was a reporter. The freedom of the press is a basis of a strong democracy. We must keep standing up for journalists and the 1st Amendment against these attacks. … Kicking people off their insurance or charging them more because of a preexisting condition is wrong. Period. QT … This weekend marks 100 days until the election. We only have 100 more days to protect our democracy from foreign interference. We must pass my Secure Elections Act with @SenatorLankford now.pic.twitter.com/lC9wsi0DZU With 100 days until Election Day, now’s the time to show your support! Sign up to receive one of our free lawn signs today: … Thanks Bobbi.  That was a tremendous gathering of African American business leaders in Bloomington!  Keynote speaker @carlaannharris was really good. @AALFTwinCities … Worth a read re rural agenda  (and why we could have used a few points (each point down was 100 billion) of that federal tax cut on investing in education and infrastructure etc): Minnesotans: Your undivided attention, please.  Helen Woods of Baxter turned 103 recently and did what any “reel” Minnesotan would do on her birthday: went fishing! Not only did she fish, but it sounds like she caught the most fish, too: “I outfished everybody!" Happy birthday, Helen!  … 82 year-old cancer survivor Mike Jordan has been chosen as the honorary chair for today’s 27th Annual Relay for Life in Mower County. Mike was recently re-diagnosed with prostate cancer, but his spirits are high. You're an inspiration to us all, Mike! … Our veterans deserve well-paying, quality jobs. Nonprofit group Helmets to Hardhats offers apprenticeships & jobs in construction for those coming back into the workforce. Our veterans have sacrificed so much for our country, it’s our turn to help them. … OK I look short. That’s what happens when you’re standing with Women’s NBA all-stars (game in MPLS today). Rooting for @minnesotalynx players @mooremaya @SylviaFowles @seimoneaugustus @twin1532. Also thanks ⁦@WNBAPrez⁩ Lisa Borders & @dessadarling singing National Anthem!pic.twitter.com/fWyX3X02b9 The threat of a foreign cyberattack has never been more serious. That’s why @LindseyGrahamSC & I have introduced a bipartisan resolution that reaffirms our confidence in the intelligence community and promises immediate action if attacked. … The ⁦@WNBA⁩ all-star game is in Minneapolis tomorrow! Great to be at the opening night ceremony with our ⁦@minnesotalynx⁩ all-star women’s NBA championship team including Maya Moore! ⁦@MooreMaya⁩pic.twitter.com/nm7ZMZhRVe There’s a new sculpture next to our world’s biggest hockey stick in Eveleth! That’s me and the Mayor and the sculpture of hockey great John Mariucci.pic.twitter.com/jSz078nk2p Great day in Duluth today with the State Building Trades and then got to meet with the employees at Northshore Community Bank!  Thanks everyone!   … Americans have the right to know who’s paying to influence our elections. That’s why @RonWyden & I are leading a group of 49 senators in calling on @USTreasury & @IRSnews to reinstate the requirement for orgs to identify the source of their contributions. Transparency matters. Good news: The Perkins bill that includes my provision to promote career & technical education is headed to be signed into law. There are many paths to a successful career & everyone should have access to the skills & education they need for a high-paying, 21st century job. As the President holds his national security meeting today, I’m calling on National Security Advisor Bolton to hold Russia accountable for election interference & ensure the feds are working with states so both are ready to respond to future attacks. … Minnesota regularly has the highest voter turnout in the nation & it looks like we’re on track to break new records. There’s never been a more important time to vote. Vote early, vote in person or vote by absentee ballot. Make your voice heard, Minnesota! … FYI: Climate change is supercharging a hot and dangerous summer … Who takes a crocodile sculpture?  Note the reward.  160-pound crocodile sculpture stolen from downtown St. Cloud street display.  We can’t just trust drug companies when they say they won’t raise prices—they’ve hiked them over & over for years. We need to pass commonsense legislation like my bills to allow Medicare Part D negotiation & importing cheaper drugs from Canada. … There are only 11 reps doing this & we must stand against them & for justice. This cannot happen.  The Deputy AG is prosecuting foreign agents who attacked our democracy. He is doing his job. House conservatives move to impeach deputy attorney general.  Reliable broadband is critical for businesses, families & farmers. In today’s Commerce Committee hearing, I asked the major telecommunications companies about what they're doing to ensure rural areas are not left behind from the 5G revolution. Mystical Fire flame colorants have made at least 4 MN kids sick because their wrapper looks like candy packaging. I’m calling on the Consumer Product Safety Commission to evaluate the packaging & work with manufacturers to prevent more kids from getting hurt. Federal Court reverses rule that banned early voting sites on university campuses. Good news! We should make it easier for everyone to have their voices heard. Now let’s pass my bill to automatically register people to vote when they turn 18. … A @NYUStern report says that passing my bipartisan Honest Ads Act with @SenJohnMcCain & @MarkWarner is a critical step in combating Russian election interference. It’s time to make social media companies play by the same rules as TV and radio. … great Minnesota photo!  1 Hen, 76 Ducklings: What’s the Deal With This Picture? … Thanks to the U.S. Ambassador of @Canada for having 15 Democratic and Republican Senators at the embassy for a discussion about the long-standing friendship between the U.S. & Canada. Canadians have fought next to U.S. soldiers & bought lots of American goods. They are our allies Here at Commerce hearing w/Michigan State University, the US Olympic Committee & USA Gymnastics about the necessary changes they are implementing to ensure athletes are protected from abuse. We can't let what USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar did ever again. “The American people deserve the unvarnished truth, just as Senate Republicans rightly demanded of President Obama’s nominees.” Patrick Leahy: Uncover the Truth About Brett Kavanaugh … Glad to work with @marcorubio on this important bill.  Patients should come first and patient brokering must be stopped.  Thanks to the Sober Homes Task Force for their work on this. @aronberg … Everyone should have access to affordable, high-quality health care, but not all rural residents do. Some have to travel long distances to see a doctor. We have to do better. My bill w/ @ChuckGrassley would strengthen support for rural hospitals. … Don’t try this at home: Phillies Fan Catches Home Run Ball With One Hand While Holding Baby … As we work to bring kids back to their parents, know that despite cold-hearted policies there are good-hearted Americans working & volunteering to help families in need, like Sister Norma at @CCharitiesUSA & her staff & volunteers in Texas. Was an honor to be in their presence.pic.twitter.com/bnqmNPo6aW Well reasoned editorial from @Mankatonews Mankato Free Press! Immigration reform bill needed for entire state!  … | Our View: Immigrants needed for healthy economy This is about standing up for Radio Free Europe and Voice of America at a time when Putin is trying to muzzle the voices of democracy in his own country: Putin takes a swipe at U.S.-funded news organizations … Someone told me about it @RoseSage6 but I hadn’t seen a screen shot until now.  It appears @CartoonPres has upgraded the seniority of a number of us, including @CoryBooker and me.  Always appreciated. Also like the new suit they found for me. … Abigail all grown up!  Like the dress.pic.twitter.com/VBeMRhRXMG Research out of Clemson University: Russian trolls tweeted 18,000 times on Oct. 6, 2016.  Thanks Kamal and team! … Fantastic energy and spirit from Team @amyklobuchar marching and dancing our way through the Rondo Days Parade in St. Paul!pic.twitter.com/qgopmLqxD4 OK I had to end this week with a moment of joy (if you haven’t seen it yet, it’s 20 seconds that will make you smile). … Nice piece on Mondale’s historic speech.  Minnesota’s economy is stronger because of immigrants and refugees.  They don’t diminish America.  they are America.  Decades of humanitarian aid for refugees are now at risk.  Ahh...someone new to blame: the Fed!  Instead of Harry Truman’s “The buck stops here” we get “I blame anyone but the guy in the mirror.”   … Some good news for the end of the week: Our championship-winning @mnlynx women’s NBA players are the best.  Congratulations to @SylviaFowles @MooreMaya & @seimoneaugustus on being named WNBA All-Stars! … Dan Coates has been speaking truth about what Russia did &how they are getting “bolder.” Wonder why? Shoot down plane & kill 300, invade Ukraine, poison opponents, attack elections, lie about it & that gets you invite to White House. Is Assad invited too? … Administration granting our bipartisan request to extend legal temporary status for thousands of immigrant Somalis means they won’t be deported. This is their home. @SenTinaSmith @senrobportmanpic.twitter.com/S0g0DbMs3I Breaking: Administration just agreed with our request to extend the temporary status for Somali immigrants who are in this country legally. It would be dangerous for them to return and America is their home. #GoodResult Breaking: Oregon ninth circuit nominee Bounds just withdrawn because there weren’t enough votes!  I spoke on the floor on this late Tuesday night. It’s clearer than ever that we need to protect our elections & make sure they're free & fair. Congress should act now. We can start by passing my Secure Elections Act with @SenatorLankford. I discussed the bill on @MorningEdition this morning. … Competition is good for American consumers.  The FTC should examine the European Commission’s findings and take action for any antitrust violation. … We’ll consider this award for best moment of the season as the honorable mention for not going to the Super Bowl: Magic Moment: Stefon Diggs' game-winning catch vs. Saints wins ESPY award.  A new study shows what we know: Duluth’s shipping industry is one of Minnesota’s true economic engines. We need to keep it strong and realize the economic potential of the Great Lakes … Remember the video of Minnesota high school baseball players reminding us that friendship comes first? They’re being given honorary ESPY awards! This is what Minnesota sportsmanship looks like. Congrats, Ty & Jack! … We can’t let OPEC dictate gas prices here in the US by manipulating international markets. That’s why I introduced a bipartisan bill with @ChuckGrassley so the federal government can take action against price fixing and protect Americans at the pump. … Would or wouldn’t. Yes or no. Walk backs and "misunderstandings" coming from the White House. This isn’t the time for mistakes. This is the time for clear, direct leadership. … Members of both parties are calling on the House to bring back #netneutrality. Ending it only hurts consumers, small businesses and rural communities. This is our shot to #SaveTheInternet. … Multiple past presidents from both parties have made sure that the Temporary Protected Status for Somalis living in the US continues. @senrobportman & I are urging Secretaries Pompeo and Nielsen to extend it.  America is their home. Good luck to everyone in tonight’s MLB @AllStarGame, especially @JoLaMaKina of the @Twins. Make Minnesota proud! In judiciary briefing on Administration response to judge’s order to reunite families separated at border. I will keep pushing that all families who’ve been separated are reunited by the court’s deadline. We need a PUBLIC hearing so you can hear this too! He’s right — this is significant. The rule of law and the future of our democracy is at stake. We must protect the Mueller investigation but it is important to note that the prosecution of  Butina was actually brought by DOJ as a separate independent prosecution. … If we want to regain our global leadership in innovation, we must do more to invest in women entrepreneurs. This is the focus of today’s TechNet/@politico panel featuring @amyklobuchar @LindaMooreDC @apalmerdc @AlexReeveGivens @tvangrack @nvca's Bobby Franklin & Gazelle Hashemianpic.twitter.com/HVlnYUNZYI On @donlemon CNN tonight talking about my meeting today with European allies.Also focused on Republicans who have forcefully come out condemning today’s Putin/Trump press event. We need more of them to do the same.  We need people to stand up for the rule of law and our democracy The President was asked specifically if he believes his intelligence officers or Putin. He refused to side with the Americans who have dedicated their lives to serving our country. Instead he chose to side with the man who attacked our democracy. This says it all: “When President Vladimir Putin sits down with President Trump for a meeting he has long wanted, he will already have accomplished virtually everything he could reasonably hope for.” Just Sitting Down With Trump, Putin Comes Out Ahead … .@TimShriver has wonderful last word at @starkeycares & accepts award for his work for @SpecialOlympics  He reminds everyone to lead from the heart like those with disabilities who show their strength every day against incredible odds. They don’t learn from us. We learn from them .@BillClinton just gave an extraordinary speech @starkeycares event. In talking about Starkey’s donating 2mil hearing aids worldwide he said: “You tamp down on resentment when you give people a chance at opportunity.” So that applies to a lot of things today. Thanks Pres. Clinton Cool to run into former Viking Ahmad Rashad at the ⁦⁦@starkeycares⁩ Foundation event tonight.  He told me he has saved a number of my dad’s columns from many ⁦@Vikings⁩ games.  Thanks for helping out with a good cause ⁦@NBATVAhmad⁩pic.twitter.com/jtP7X8gYTx A new report from @TuckerCenter ranked the U of M (@UMNews) among the best in the country for hiring women as head coaches for women's sports. Of the 12 women's sports at the U, 9 of the head coaches are women. Go Gophers! … This is great news, @Jabs_13! Had the honor to meet Jack Jablonski when he was at Courage Center right after he was injured many years ago.  Also have met his family.  Jack & family are a good reminder of true inspirational faith on a Sunday morning. … Wonderful to be with MN non-profit ⁦College Possible tonight...an incredible group which helps low income high school kids get into college and graduate!! ⁦@CollPossibleMN⁩pic.twitter.com/2odklIZbmH The latest Special Counsel indictments are another reminder about our election vulnerabilities. The next election is only a little more than 16 weeks away. It’s past time to pass my Secure Elections Act with @SenatorLankford to protect our democracy. … No wonder the drug companies were so happy with the President’s Rx drug plan that their stocks went up when he announced it: they wrote it!  And even worse, they paid for access to the President so they could get it to him. This is outrageous. … Your own U.S. prosecutors indict a country’s top cyber thugs for spying on America & hacking into our election & the answer is?? By going to this meeting the President signals to the world that messing with America means you get rewarded; being a loyal ally means you get berated … The EPA answered the letter from @ChuckGrassley and me & told us that former Secr Pruitt & the agency granted all but 5 requested oil refiner waivers for 2016 & 2017.  They granted 48 of 53 since 2016. This completely undermines the renewable fuel standard.  Now we want the names This is a direct link to Putin and his government. This is evidence and this was a crime and a form of warfare. Our democracy was formed to allow for self-governance and no foreign influence. Patriotism means taking this on. … Welcome to Minnesota, Rodney! We are lucky to have this visitor bringing joy to our state. Rodney is going to all 50 states to mow lawns for the elderly, single moms, and veterans. Thank you! … Breaking news and why the President shouldn’t be kowtowing to Vladimir Putin. This is a foreign country that was hacking/smacking our democracy: Mueller indicts 12 Russians for hacking into DNC  … via @politico The consequences of berating our allies: As Trump rattles NATO, 42 percent of Germans now want U.S. troops out of the country … Thoughts are with Rachel’s family, and her grandparents who I know.  Very sad.  She did a lot in her 27 years.  Rachel Chazin, Star Tribune social media producer, dies at 27.  The Administration already instituted a policy of separating young children and parents at the border. Now their latest policy abandons domestic violence survivors seeking protection. This is not the America I know. … Postponing increases is not a solution that brings down the skyrocketing costs of Rx drugs. We need the President to make good on his promise to lower the price of drugs & we need to pass my bills to lower costs & allow Medicare Part D negotiation! … Happy birthday to Minnesota’s oldest living person, Evelyn Kleine, who turned 111 this week!  “Wow, I’m old,” she said. … At Judiciary.  Once again requested oversight hearing on Administration’s inhumane policy of separating kids from parents. Senator Grassley says if he had known three weeks ago what he knows now he would have had the hearing. Appreciate the candor. But now we need the hearing. Henry visits the Senate!  Enjoyed a royal visit from Henry, son of our former DC staff member extraordinaire Paul Zygmunt and his wife Emily.  Welcome Henry!pic.twitter.com/UI3Ac1DDed Most people know what it’s like to purchase an airline ticket, only to be hit later with hidden fees. Consumers deserve to know what they’re buying when they buy it. That’s why I’ve introduced legislation to help ensure transparency across all airline ticket sellers. The Administration has missed a court-ordered deadline to reunite children under age five who’ve been separated at the border from their families. Less than half of young kids detained have been reunited. This is unacceptable and needs to be fixed now. … The attacks on Americans' health care continue-- this time the Administration's actions will "make health care harder and more expensive for people" in Minnesota. We need to stand up for quality health care for all Americans. … We questioned cybersecurity leaders today in the Rules Committee about the upcoming election & how we can prevent foreign interference in the future. We can start by passing my Secure Elections Act with @SeantorLankford which would help ensure elections stay secure, free & fair. Having met with leaders in the Baltic Nations, this just isn’t true.  We should stand by the world’s democracies & our allies (especially those right on the Russian border): Trump Derides NATO as ‘Obsolete.’ Baltic Nations See It Much Differently. … I’ve met with many caregivers across the state who are selflessly dedicating their lives to helping others. So now I’m working on a bill that would help families offset expenses of up to $6,000 a year. Let’s help those who help others. … .@MNFarmBureau President @kevinpaap and I had the opportunity to sit down with Senator @amyklobuchar to talk about the importance of the Farm Bill and the work that still needs to be done in conference committee. We greatly appreciate her leadership on the @SenateAgDems Committeepic.twitter.com/CjZMjQuMQI @amyklobuchar shares her passion for the value proposition of rural broadband with NTCA women executives out in DC for the day!pic.twitter.com/HQAnW7td14 Happy 25th Anniversary to my husband, John. It isn’t the most romantic anniversary we ever had with you in Minnesota and me at a caucus lunch in Washington, but I love you all the same. Here’s to 25 more!  xoxopic.twitter.com/5ZZA8yyzSN This explains why a Supreme Court nominee must answer questions about settled law before the Senate.  Our job is to do “the people’s business, not the president’s.” … Many thought this could never happen but the Divers and first responders worked as a team and it did: All 12 Boys and Their Soccer Coach Are Freed From Thai Cave … Serious concerns I have about Judge Kavanaugh in addition to the obvious health care & separation of power issues: He ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was unconstitutional (reversed by full Circuit Court) & went out of his way to dissent against net neutrality Our bill to create a National Firefighter Cancer Registry has been signed into law! Now we can begin to help our heroes who have developed cancer on the job. @IAFFNewsDesk @IAFC @firenation @usfire There will never be another Barbara Carlson!  She had a zest for life and everyone that met up with her learned something new.  Thinking of Barbara’s family and friends today.  Barbara Carlson, former talk radio host, politician and bon vivant, dies at 80.  The continued attacks on the Mueller investigation have to stop. We must ensure the integrity of the investigation. It isn’t about politics. It’s about the rule of law/ future of our democracy & it’s critical to Americans' confidence in their government. … It was a sunny day in Winthrop for yesterday’s Farm City Fun Fest parade! Glad to have had my friend and colleague @collinpeterson with me.pic.twitter.com/Esg0hw4weo So pleased for the four boys.  What a rescue.  What a team effort on the part of the divers....now we hope for another rescue soon.  Four members of Thai soccer team rescued after more than two weeks in flooded cave … This is a big deal and good news to many in our state who have met with me about the Ethopia/Eritrean conflict.  20-year military standoff, Ethiopia and Eritrea agree to normalize ties in historic breakthrough. … .@collinpeterson and I are in Windom and Tracy today. The flooding has overtaken parks, roads and people’s homes. We will do everything we can to federally to support Minnesotans in the flooded areas. Heading to New Ulm next.pic.twitter.com/lM3f5hNooJ Windom ballpark is underwater. River cresting. @collinpeterson & I are here & in Tracy today. Federal aid kicks in at 7.7 mil in damage & I think we’ve made that. It pays for 75% of public infrastructure. This video says it all. We will do all we can to ensure these towns recoverpic.twitter.com/UUrC0cGSI5 The town of Tracy got hit hard by the storms this week.  Down here w/ @collinpeterson, Mayor Cooreman, Chiefs Johnson and Lichty and a great group of first responders who saved the town from further flood destruction this week.pic.twitter.com/m16iriKI2U These are immigrants our military recruited to join our forces! I will be asking the administration why them too? The refugees, dreamers, temporary status immigrants, soldiers...all came here legally!  Army discharging some immigrant recruits: report … In '09, as an aide to Sen. @amyklobuchar, I had the privilege of leading her bipartisan effort to draft and usher a bill through Congress to set the strongest standards in the world for formaldehyde in common wood and furniture products. Great reporting, @AnnElizabeth18! … Important story about one family who took on the drug companies when a life-saving medication for their son skyrocketed 97,000%-- you read that right. We have to get outrageous costs like these under control.  … We have to get my bipartisan bill to help our heroes who have been exposed to toxic burn pits across the finish line. (It recently passed the Senate.) Our veterans are counting on us. … Spoke to mayors in a number of these communities tonight & will be in the area during the next week. Will do everything possible on the federal side & will coordinate w/state as their aid kicks in at a lower threshold. Thinking of all in the flooded areas … It was great to be in beautiful Gooseberry Falls State Park today.They are the first Minnesota park to develop an interactive app to help with walking trails. Check it out!pic.twitter.com/tWgrEs0Hcr Finally. … In Duluth today talking with veterans about my bipartisan bill to make sure we have the staff & resources to treat the health problems of our veterans exposed to burn pits. Read this editorial on why we need to get this done. … Thanks to Duluth Mayor Emily Larson and her husband Doug for dinner at Hoops last night.  One more great new Duluth place to visit!  It’s hopping up here in Duluth! ⁦@LarsonForDuluth⁩pic.twitter.com/f1A7353lDA Thanks to Richfield for being such friendly hosts yesterday!  Here are some happy Parade watchers and me BEFORE it rained!pic.twitter.com/pY4fwgVTbl You're welcome—we loved seeing you in fun, arts-filled #Lanesboro! So glad to have you working so hard in Congress for us w/ all these passed laws already:  … Thank you for helping on #SJR5 as a sponsor for #ERANow to achieve our fair U.S. #equalrights, too!pic.twitter.com/jQY4vne7tL I’m glad the horses were behind us and not in front of us. … Thanks Eveleth for hosting our volunteer team in the parade and congrats on your new hockey statue.  How cool that you had the winning U.S. gold medal curling team there for the celebration!  Will come to see it soon!  … The Delano parade is a great one and I wish it would have worked on the schedule.  It is a wonderful parade.  Thanks volunteers! … Good to run into @MelisaFranzen, legislator extraordinaire.  Thanks for your good work Melisa! … But the sun came out in Ely, my dad’s hometown! Thanks volunteers! … OK it looks like it got a little wet in Eagan and Apple Valley but good spirit all the same! … Thanks Ian to you and all the wonderful volunteers yesterday.  Looks like they had a big crowd in Chanhassen! … Sorry to have missed her Kevin. I will have someone call you so we can set up another time to see her.  I am glad she is done with chemo!  There were a lot of parades all over the state yesterday! … The rain didn’t stop my 90-year-old dad Jim from taking part in the 4th of July parades today! John and I are in Richfield and then onto northern Minnesota! Happy 4th of July!pic.twitter.com/doMeiVhtXf Happy 4th of July! In 1776 patriots risked everything to establish a new nation. And on this anniversary of our nation’s independence, there’s no better time to honor those who stand up for something bigger than themselves. That’s America! … Breaking: Edina 4th of July parade delayed by pouring rain for 15 mins but nothing will stop the Edina Middle School (@edinaschools) marching band! Watch their spirit in the rain outside the Edina Perkins.pic.twitter.com/Gq4TPQ0zEa Had a fun time at the 4th of July parade in Albert Lea! Here I am with the youngest and oldest (age 95) parade spectators.pic.twitter.com/NTl3sP2qTB Today I joined with @cityofalbertlea firefighters to discuss our bill to help firefighters who have cancer (it just passed Congress and will soon be signed into law). Firefighters constantly sacrifice their safety to protect us, we must help protect them. … Celebrating #FourthofJuly a day early in @cityofalbertlea with @danielfeehan and Terry Gjersvik. Great turnout for the parade!pic.twitter.com/If6GoBOAZI In Austin today with John visiting the @SPAMMuseumMN -- our very own GuggenHAM!pic.twitter.com/Sr8AOu9GZJ Remember when the Administration promised to lower the cost of Rx drugs?  Well, they are going up! We need to get serious about bringing down the cost of Rx drugs & pass my bills to lower costs & allow Medicare Part D negotiation. … Had a great evening with DFLers from Fillmore, Winona and Houston County at Lanesboro’s @HighCourtPub last night. Thanks for coming out!pic.twitter.com/rmig1ONGRI Had a great visit to the Hinckley Holstein dairy farm in Chatfield. Family-owned dairies are so important to our state & I worked on changes to the Senate Farm Bill to make sure we keep them in MN. Remember: Senate-passed bill is bipartisan & good on SNAP. … Hey DFLers!  Did you know it is easy to vote early for the primary on August 14th?  Here’s how you can make sure your vote is counted!  A beautiful day at Hinckley Holsteins dairy farm... thanks to AMPI dairy farmer-owners! … Good to be with Dale and Marlys at their Southeastern MN family dairy farm in Chatfield this afternoon.  We talked dairy and why the bipartisan senate farm bill is so important right now as we head into negotiations with the House. … Welcome @JoeWalsh⁩ and the Eagles to Minnesota today and thanks for your work for Vets Aid!pic.twitter.com/FSDy3lszAL Big crowd at the Somali Independence Day celebration in Minneapolis today as well as the Keep Families Together march!  Immigrants don’t diminish America, they are America.pic.twitter.com/of8kwgjLlh Powerful to see so many coming together in Minnesota and across the nation to tell the Administration that #familiesbelongtogether. Thousands of children and their parents are still separated. This cannot go on. News for people over 50: There’s a shortage of the new shingles vaccine. The CDC recommends healthy adults over 50 receive this vaccine since shingles can be painful and can result in lasting nerve pain. I’m calling for action from the drug maker to quickly resolve this problem. Thanks for the photo Ryan...and a week later we got their sister home.  Thanks also for standing up for refugees. … My bill with @SenThomTillis to help veterans affected by toxic burn pits passed the Senate this week. We need to create this VA Center of Excellence to study & help treat these health problems. Our service members deserve better. … Unwanted robocalls are a huge hassle and the top consumer complaint to the FCC. That’s why I introduced the Do Not Call Act with @SenCortezMasto this week. Our bill will improve enforcement & impose tougher penalties for illegal robocalls. The 2018 Farm Bill passed the Senate with strong bipartisan support. It will help strengthen our rural economy & includes a strong farm safety net, conservation provisions, support for dairy farmers, & protections for farmers from economic hardship. … We are pleased US Senate passed their version of the #FarmBill w strong bipartisan support. Thank you @AmyKlobuchar & @SenTinaSmith 4 your support. We are proud to support a bill that will continue to provide risk mgmt tools that farmers need. @KevinPaap   BREAKING: The bipartisan Farm Bill just passed the Senate. It will provide a strong boost to our rural economy. I led several amendments including one to restore funding for the energy title and provide additional support for dairy producers. Sen. @amyklobuchar now highlighting important role the farm bill plays in helping farmers facing disasters and challenging times. Also highlights vaccine bank. Thanks for her work!pic.twitter.com/XuJlmFwq7p Minnesota's Senator @amyklobuchar is now on the Senate floor talking about the 2018 Farm Bill. Thank you Senator for your leadership on the Ag Committee and the work you have done on behalf of MN farmers and ranchers. There are 2 types of people that run towards disasters -- 1st responders & reporters. Today I am especially grateful for both. The victims and their loved ones in Annapolis are in our hearts today. We have to stop gun violence. #enough With threats of election interference growing @MarkWarner & I are urging the FEC to implement strong transparency & accountability rules for online ads as they examine them for a 2nd day. We must also pass my Honest Ads Act so we know who’s paying to influence our elections. Joined NPR @morningedition today to discuss Justice Kennedy’s retirement. The recent 5-4 decisions remind us how important each seat is- and Kennedy’s shouldn’t be filled by an ideologue. McConnell rule—re no votes during election year—should apply. … It’s been a week since the Administration said they’d reunite children with their parents, but fewer than 1% of the separated children have been reunited since last week. This is unacceptable. We have to #keepfamiliestogether … Thanks to @MichaelJMorell, @amyklobuchar, and Secretary Chertoff for joining us today at our Policy Blueprint launch. Archived live stream available to those who missed it:  …pic.twitter.com/Vpf1i5DpdR #Justice Kennedy was a swing vote in a critical case that affirmed Roe v. Wade.  He was a key vote on gay marriage.  He cannot be replaced by an ideologue.  The American people must have a say. The T-Mobile/Sprint merger would combine 2 out of top 4 wireless carriers, raising antitrust concerns. This afternoon I’ll question company leaders at hearing @SenMikeLee & I are chairing about how the proposal could result in higher prices. We need more competition— not less. My mom moved to MN for a good #union teaching job. I know what unions mean to our families-- they help all Americans succeed. Today's decision in Janus v. AFSCME is not the last word. We'll stand with American workers and stand up against this attempt to weaken unions. Just read “Restless Wave” by my friend @SenJohnMcCain⁩. Read it & you’ll see why this is the wrong guy to go after. Patriot held in cell for 5 yrs for serving our country. Insults hurled at a guy courageously battling brain cancer? Who’s the tough one? … Justice Sotomayor writes dissent on travel ban decision reached "by ignoring the facts, misconstruing our legal precedent & turning a blind eye to the pain & suffering... [of] countless families & individuals, many of whom are United States citizens"  … Today's 5-4 Supreme Court decision doesn't mean the President's order is right. Refugees and immigrants don’t diminish our country.  They are our country. The acting chief of our top weather and oceans agency has suggested removing ‘climate’ from its official mission statement. Seriously? … Amie Muller of Woodbury died of cancer at 36. She served in Iraq & was around toxic burn pits. I’ve worked with her husband Brian who's fighting to save others. Yesterday my bill to help treat these health issues passed the Senate. Time to get it thru the House & signed into law.pic.twitter.com/7ld7s54FiZ Comments by @amyklobuchar this morning sharing words from @SenJohnMcCain --she's just returned from Sedona early this AM. This work  is bipartisan work. We must stand together to secure our elections,  secure our democracy.pic.twitter.com/37Ppesjerj – bei United States Capitol Building At launch of @SecureDemocracy’s Policy Blueprint to counter authoritarian interference with @amyklobuchar @MichaelJMorell and Mike Chertoffpic.twitter.com/CUh9TDwjbV Securing democracy should be "an issue that unites us all," says Democratic Senator @amyklobuchar. Homeland Security Secretary under @GeorgeWBush, Michael Chertoff, looking on, adds that we need to focus on expanding information about democracy in the US. @SecureDemocracy @gmfuspic.twitter.com/ixDspbC1Nn Thanks to #Parkland students for coming out. You inspire us all! #roadtochange @AMarch4OurLives … Good news: The House passed our bill to help firefighters who have cancer & it’s heading to the President’s desk. Now we'll be able to start research we need to help people like my friend Steve, a St. Paul firefighter who had lymphoma. @IAFFNewsDesk @IAFC @firenation @usfirepic.twitter.com/NsDCzt9vuD The Minnesota @WhitecapsHockey team signed former Gophers and 2018 Olympic Gold Medal winners @hannahbrandt16 and @LeeSteck2. You make us proud! #RollCaps … Today marks 5 years since the Supreme Court struck down the heart of the Voting Rights Act. Some states then enacted voter suppression measures to make it harder for people to vote. It’s time for Congress to #RestoreTheVRA & #ProtectTheVote! Thanks, @amyklobuchar, for marching in today's @TwinCitiesPride Parade and showing your support for the #LGBTQ community. #tcpride2018 #tcpride #minneapolispic.twitter.com/yvPJN3ynhL Ultimate family bonding today: whole Perry family marching with @amyklobuchar in the @TwinCitiesPride Parade! #tcpride2018pic.twitter.com/W7EaiN09S8 Just watched Paul McCartney on James Corden Car Karoke.  A great one.   … via @youtube Thank you to Beth and everyone with @alzMNND that came to share their story with me today. We must do more to support our selfless caregivers and find a way to #ENDALZ . … Brian Werner, my DC Ag staff member who grew up in Marshall was in Minnesota this week talking to folks about the Farm Bill. Thanks for all of your hard work on the Farm Bill Brian! @IndependentMN:  … Had a great time at the 2018 Scandinavian Summer Fest today! Check out this lutefisk shirt!pic.twitter.com/SkylIjTAqo .#Parkland students in town!  They’re speaking out and standing up to pass gun safety laws, and it’s time to listen. #MarchForOurLives #RoadToChange @AMarch4OurLives Wishing all of my LGBTQ friends a happy #Pride  ! Great turnout at today's parade.pic.twitter.com/rufzio4kZ0 nice story.  Susie and Steve had lots of friends and will be very much missed....she worked in our office for a time and I am glad their dog found a good home...Blaine officer adopts dog after motorcycle crash kills colleague, wife.  This week we heard from farmers, conservation groups & business leaders about the importance of the Farm Bill & boosting the economy. We hope to get this bipartisan bill passed in the Senate by July 4th!  … We should all care. #familiesbelongtogether Image by @justinteodoropic.twitter.com/KcQ87nWxZQ Reader's Digest has named Mower County one of its 2018 "Top Ten Nicest Places in America." The list is based on kindness and respect, something we could all use a little more of these days! #MinnesotaNice … The @mnstatefair announced their new foods for 2018. Nothing like a Nordic Waffle … We're a country built by immigrants. This week the President came to MN & said “we’re sending them the hell back.” At yesterday’s hearing I asked Republicans to stop acting like his rhetoric is acceptable and work to pass comprehensive immigration reform … The makers of the world’s top selling prescription may have used "Pay for Delay" tactics to keep cheaper drugs that are almost identical--called biosimilars--off the market and unavailable to consumers. This week @ChuckGrassley and I urged the FTC to investigate. Thanks Katy!  You had such an impressive group of @alzMNND End Alzheimer’s advocates!  #ENDALZ … Pushed for passage of my bipartisan Secure Elections Act at the Rules Committee Hearing on Election Security. Those on the front lines of our elections like @MNSteveSimon must have the tools they need to keep them secure, free & fair. … Read this piece on family separation and the work we still have to do from @SenTinaSmith. I spoke on the floor last night about the challenges ahead. … An honor to receive the Antitrust Achievement Award from @AntitrustInst. Time to pass my bills that would promote competition and protect consumers. And as I said today, let’s make antitrust cool again.  BREAKING: Today’s Supreme Court decision is a big win! It will help local Main Street businesses compete on a level playing field against out-of-state Internet retailers. A great day for states and #marketplacefairness. … With all the rancor out there, I'm proud that the resolution I led with @JeffFlake recognizing the right of Muslim-Americans to practice their religion freely and the work they have done for our country (including serving in our military) passed unanimously in the Senate! Wow. My relatives were immigrants when they came to northern MN and Wisconsin (thru Canada)...my grandpa didn’t get his citizenship & was classified as an alien for years.  And how about those pharma prices? We’re Sending Them the Hell Back,’ Trump Says … Thank you to Senator @amyklobuchar for her approved Farm Bill amendment that restores mandatory funding to the 2018 Energy Title programs! The legislation, titled the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, will now be considered by the full Senate.  pic.twitter.com/TzNU4hh0Yf Tonight on the senate floor I spoke about administration’s policy of separating kids from parents.  Over 2000 kids separated since it started.  Exec order is one thing...we need comprehensive immigration reform After party at the women’s congressional softball Game.  Mia Love wins MVPpic.twitter.com/taaSec4tu5 .@DanaBashCNN and I announcing the women’s congressional softball game.  The Press won this year but we’ll be back! … The Supreme Court ruled that states can purge voters from their voter rolls for not voting. If you registered, you should be allowed to vote. Today @SenSherrodBrown & I introduced a bill to clarify that states can't use this as a reason to remove registered voters. Facts to share on administration’s family separation policy: 1.  America’s doctors: causes kids “irreparable harm”  2.  75 former US Attorneys: “radical departure”  3.  Laura Bush: “cruel..immoral..breaks my heart” 4.  Lindsey Graham: “President could stop this with a phone call” Last week the Administration argued that legal protections to stop insurance companies from kicking you off insurance for having a preexisting condition are unconstitutional. That's wrong. I’ve called on HHS to tell us how it plans to deal w/ coverage losses & premium increases. Happy Birthday to our daughter Abigail!!  We are so proud of you!pic.twitter.com/RCs3ZBngim BREAKING: Bipartisan group of 75 former US Attorneys calls on Admin to end family separation: "the Zero Tolerance policy is a radical departure ... it is dangerous, expensive, and inconsistent with the values of the institution in which we served." … Almost half of diabetics are skipping treatment due to extremely high medical costs - like the cost of insulin, which has tripled in 10 years. This is unacceptable. I'm working to bring prices down. We need a vote to see if senators are with us or not. … All 5 first ladies speak out on family separations at border.  49 senators — every Senate Democrat — now support our #KeepFamiliesTogether Act. It’s time for our Republican colleagues to step up and do the same. Separating children from their parents is unacceptable. We must get this done. No excuses. Here’s link to shorter 20 page summary of Inspector General Report re FBI investigation of Clinton. It thoroughly explains issues w/Director Comey’s announcements re Clinton’s emails. It also has recs going forward.  Hearing is happening now.  … The bipartisan Farm Bill approved by the Ag Committee last week will provide a strong boost to our economy. I led the amendment to restore funding for the energy title and provide additional support for dairy producers. Next step: Getting this passed in the Senate by July 4th! Important hearing this afternoon at 2 pm eastern time in Senate Judiciary.  I will be asking questions. Tune in! … Laura Bush: Separating children from their parents at the border ‘breaks my heart’ … Seniors shouldn’t be banned from negotiating less expensive drug prices under Medicare. CREATES Act is finally headed to floor but now we need vote to allow price negotiation under Medicare: Take steps to lower drug costs before asking seniors to pay more.  So this is how the decision was made...How do we change it?  We have something called Congress. We are now at 43 senators to reverse it.  Call on Republicans to join us.  Trump hard-liners push splitting migrants' families at border.  John and Abigail, Father’s Day in Brooklynpic.twitter.com/WSefX72kzk Congratulations to St. Paul Central's Iyanna Hutchinson who competed in her 3rd straight state golf tournament. Iyanna is the only member of Central's girls team, but that doesn't stop her! She says it's "cool to be different." … Congratulations to the Klingsporn family and all the farms that will be honored by the Minnesota State Fair as Century Farms. The Klingsporns have farmed near Pine Island for 150 years and 3 generations are working and living there now. … Happy Father’s Day to all the dads, especially my two personal favorites — my husband John and my dad Jim. Here are some of my favorite pictures from many years ago of Abigail and me with each of our dads!pic.twitter.com/zNkWJtbuP8 Susie was a health fellow in our office in 2016. She was such a caring respected person and had many friends. My prayers are with Susie and Steve’s families and their coworkers in Blaine & the U of M. Blaine police officer, wife killed in motorcycle crash.  This is how Putin buys influence in the West … You truly have to see these numbers to believe them. Rx drug prices are outrageous! We need real solutions to make prescriptions more affordable. Let’s pass my bill with @SenJohnMcCain to lower Rx drug prices by importing safe, cheaper drugs from Canada. … The bipartisan 2018 Farm Bill that we just passed out of the Senate Agriculture Committee works for Minnesota. In fact, it’s not just good for our hardworking farmers, it’s good for our state’s economy too. Read more about the bill . … I’m an original co-sponsor of this bill and we are now up to 43 senators.  We need republican co-sponsors to get to 60. This must stop. … If you’re willing to read an antitrust article about the AT&T/Time Warner merger w/no conditions ruling on a Friday night consider yourself cool! This was a “big deal” & it’s worth looking at how it could have come out differently&what it means for future … In the market for a lighthouse? This one on Lake Superior is free to a responsible owner who will maintain and preserve it. … June is National Alzheimer’s & Brain Awareness Month. With 1 in 10 Americans age 65 & older suffering from this life altering disease, we must continue to invest in finding a cure, and we must pass my bipartisan Alzheimer's Caregiver Support Act. #ENDALZ Good news: The House passed my bill w/ @SenRobPortman to close loopholes that allow dealers to bring foreign synthetic drugs into the U.S. The opioids crisis is devastating families & this is a big step toward helping keep drugs out of our communities. Now the Senate must act! Drug courts and veterans courts save money AND lives. … I am an original co-sponsor of this bill.  This shouldn’t be happening. … .@SenatorLankford & I have been calling for passage of our Secure Elections Act for months. June 20 is our first election security hearing in the Rules Committee where I will continue to push for its passage...it’s only 143 days until the next election. We can’t wait any longer! No one loved being a lawyer more than Ron...thinking of his family today.  Prominent defense attorney Ron Meshbesher dies.  .@SenMikeLee and I are holding a T-mobile/Sprint hearing on June 27. If approved that merger would mean only three major cell phone service provides. A real competitive market brings down prices & increases innovation. (3/3) Not enough resources for antitrust enforcement with more mega mergers? How about my bill that will give DOJ the resources needed to investigate by upping corporate fees on mega mergers. Or my bill that will update the legal standards to adapt to the 21st century economy. (2/3) Comcast announces bid for Fox after federal judge approves merger between AT&T/Time Warner. Justice Department can't be on its heels after this week's decision --- must examine these new proposed deals closely. (1/3) BREAKING: Our CREATES Act passed out of Judiciary Committee! It would deter drug companies from blocking cheaper generic alternatives from entering the marketplace--helping consumers access lower-priced alternatives. It’s an important step towards lowering the cost of Rx drugs. In case you missed it — please share our video.pic.twitter.com/cTQOVzZ7Ay Thank you @amyklobuchar & @ChuckGrassley for speaking out & standing up for the #RFS again today during the farm bill markup. Blending volume has been reduced from 15 bg to 13.8 bg. Grassley called on Pruitt to reallocate lost gallons now that he's said he can do it & will do it. If the Administration was serious about bringing down the cost of Rx drugs, we could start by passing my bills to lower costs & allow Medicare Part D negotiation. Instead, the drug industry was relieved by the plan and prices are not coming down. … Glad to hear the #MPRaccoon is safe and sound. … I have long supported diplomacy in North Korea but we have a long way to go - as noted below the announcement included no time tables and no specific concessions for denuclearization … Voting on #farmbill2018 right now in senate Ag committee!  On a vote of 20-1 it passes! On to the floor where plan is to get it passed by the Fourth of July! Was able to pass my amendment to do more for dairy farmers who have been most hard hit in farm economy. Thanks to @SenGillibrand for her work on this.  Thanks also to @SenStabenow and @PatRoberts At the ag committee for the farm bill markup! Good safety net for farmers, nutrition and conservation programs...and hemp is in! Mitch McConnell joined markup today and said the bill will go to the floor before 4th of July...(When the corn is knee high) Honored to receive Voice for Women Award from @NatlWomansParty along with @RepSpeier @SenJoniErnst for work reforming sexual harassment policies in Congress. Changes will help victims seek justice, increase transparency & hold Members accountable.  Congrats Joni and Jackie! Questioned experts on the critical issue of election interference in Judiciary Committee today & discussed how to make our elections more secure. I have 2 bills- Secure Elections Act & Honest Ads Act- that could help. We should pass them now. The election is only 21 weeks away As a former prosecutor, I know how important it is to help those who take great risks to flee their abusers. The DOJ’s decision to abandon domestic violence survivors seeking protection is wrong. America should not turn its back on them. … Competition leads to lower prices, better service & more innovation, & I'm concerned that AT&T's acquisition of Time Warner will undermine those benefits for consumers & encourage more corporate consolidation. I urge the DOJ to appeal this judgement. … If you haven't seen this video of a Minnesota high school baseball championship, it’s worth a watch. This is Minnesota sportsmanship. Thank you Jack and Ty for reminding us that friendship comes first. … Honored to receive Voice for Women Award from @NatlWomansParty for reforming sexual harassment & discrimination policies in Congress along with @RepSpeier. Our efforts will help victims seek justice, increase transparency & hold Members accountable. Thanks Bridget Walsh & team!pic.twitter.com/8JeMVtOyAD This week the DOJ argued the law that makes insurance companies cover people with pre-existing conditions is unconstitutional. That's wrong & I'll fight it. Join me and stand up for people like my friend Pete who has ALS—a pre-existing condition:  …pic.twitter.com/QGLjUj2J1I At this @senjudiciary hearing, @amyklobuchar urges the Secure Elections Act, which aims to boost info-sharing between the IC and state election agencies, to be included as an amendment to the NDAA. Worth a read. … The repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect today, but we won't stop working to save it. The Senate took action-- now it’s time for the House to vote to #SaveTheInternet … Great to have my friend @ValerieJarrett in MN to celebrate women. Thank you for speaking at our 36th annual @WinningForWomen lunch!pic.twitter.com/jGqmZRZVpu So many of you have had my back, shared your views, and helped to make a difference. Here's a short (I promise!) video about what we've done together and where we go from here. Thanks!pic.twitter.com/wqM6wISnOF BREAKING: #SCOTUS decision that allows states to remove eligible voters from voter rolls because they haven't voted hurts our democracy. Justice Sotomayor has important dissent on how decision sanctions purging minority & low-income voters that Congress was trying to protect. “This is not a slippery slope. It is a ski jump into lawlessness.”  ⁦@RuthMarcus⁩ The Justice Department abandons the ACA — and with it, the law … Nice column by ⁦@anamariecox⁩ about how a kind gesture or going the extra mile for someone can make all the difference: Celebrities aren’t the only ones who struggle to appear perfect — or who need help … A wake-up call for new approaches to suicide prevention … Steve Hunegs and @amyklobuchar speak at the #JCRCevent to a full house.pic.twitter.com/Y97SQ2Olab Congratulations and good luck to the Henry Sibley High School marching band! They will march in the Independence Day Parade in our nation’s capital next month. … Keeping children away from their parents is wrong. Our country is better than this. That’s why I’m urging this Administration to end its policy of separating children from their parents at the border. … Many people have written in about family members with preexisting conditions today.  Thanks. I will share them in Washington. That is why we must keep the protection in place to ban insurance companies from throwing them off of insurance and why I oppose DOJ effort to change it. … Thanks Brian and congrats Graham. … Great taking part in the @IBEW Women’s Conference this morning! I come from a union family and know our workers are the backbone of America’s middle class. We need to support a competitive agenda that helps workers find good-paying jobs.pic.twitter.com/oQdxKc6ojZ Joined Minnesotans to stand up for workers. Promises made should be promises kept. That’s why I joined @SenSherrodBrown to introduce a bill that would put pension plans back on solid footing & ensure that they can meet their obligations to retirees & workers for decades to come.pic.twitter.com/KQgfiVl8Dl This is my friend Pete. He has ALS—a pre-existing condition & takes on this devastating disease w/ an incredible spirit. This week DOJ argued the law that makes insurance companies cover people like him w/ pre-existing conditions is unconstitutional. That's wrong & I'll fight it.pic.twitter.com/0o1hJLdS1f President proposes this after Dutch investigation shows Russian military downed passenger jet over Ukraine, killing 298 innocent people & our intel shows they tried to hack our election #WRONG Trump Attends G-7 with Defiance, Proposing to Readmit Russia … Nice words from Minnesota chef @andrewzimmern about his friend Anthony Bourdain … It’s been 3 weeks since the Senate took action to protect a free and open internet and voted to maintain #NetNeutrality. Now it’s time for the House to do the same & vote to #SaveTheInternet. Big news in the Senate! I'm on the Ag Committee and we've reached a bipartisan agreement on a new Farm Bill that will help strengthen Minnesota’s rural economy. This is what we can accomplish when we put politics aside and come together to create real solutions.pic.twitter.com/YuSVrKIlnL .@amyklobuchar @SenatorLankford introduce Secure Elections Act amendment to NDAA to help secure our elections from cyberattacks … Congrats to the @minneaotalynx on the big win today against the DC Mystics.  An exciting game and you pulled it out in the end like a four-time national championship team would do!pic.twitter.com/kScZidUIhP BREAKING: Facebook software bug made private posts public for as many as 14 million users. … Today would have been #Prince's 60th birthday. Minnesotans across the state are celebrating his life today including in Henderson, close to where Prince's Purple Rain was filmed. We miss our superstar next door.   … Businesses in rural areas shouldn’t be denied opportunities to sell their products internationally because of their zip codes. I’ve joined @SenJohnHoeven to introduce a bipartisan bill to boost exports & advance innovation in rural communities. #SCOTUS decision this week was a missed opportunity to stand up for one of our country's most fundamental principles: All Americans are created equal. This won't be the last word on LGBT equality.   … Firing 25 consumer watchdogs? The 1st responsibility of government is to protect its citizens. But this Admin is eliminating people that help defend Americans from scams. This dangerous pattern of rolling back protections must stop. … We learned this week even more user info was shared without consent. This has to stop. As pointed out in this @NYTimes editorial, my bill w/ @SenJohnKennedy lets people opt out of data collection, ensures notice of breaches & improves privacy policies. … The WNBA champions @minnesotalynx may not have been invited to the White House but they showed what true champions are by serving DC kids today. Good to be with them there & on the team bus!pic.twitter.com/FJrZHUpATR The opioids crisis has never been worse & synthetic drugs continue to come in through the mail. We must pass my bill w/ @senrobportman to help curb synthetic drugs  & keep them out of our communities. … ALERT: The deadline for MN dairy farmers to enroll in the Dairy Margin Protection Program has been extended to 6/8. Our hardworking dairy farmers deserve support during periods of low prices like we're experiencing now. Those who aren't enrolled need to do so by Friday! As a former prosecutor, I know that child abuse is a life and death issue. That’s why Senators @ChrisCoons, @RoyBlunt, and I introduced a bipartisan bill supporting Children’s Advocacy Centers that provide victims with a safe place to heal. Our 21st century economy needs 21st century infrastructure & that includes broadband access for everyone, no matter where you live. That's why @SenJohnHoeven & I introduced a bipartisan bill to help provide more Americans with high speed internet. The Admin’s continuous efforts to undermine the Special Counsel investigation are alarming. The Senate should vote on the bipartisan bill to protect the investigation, which I voted for in Judiciary Committee & passed with strong support. We must stand up for the rule of law. Extremely concerning news today that even more personal user info was provided without consent. This has to stop. My bill w/ @SenJohnKennedy would let people opt out of data collection, ensure they're notified of breaches & improve online privacy policies. … The Admin has delayed a rule—for the 5th time!—that fines pharma companies for intentionally overcharging hospitals for drugs. We should be cracking down on these kinds of unfair practices so we can bring down drug prices for the American people. … This month marks 1 year since thr U.S. withdrew from the intern’l climate agreement. We’re now the only country not in it. But while this Administration won’t act to combat climate change, cities, states, businesses & universities are taking the lead. … Great group of @amyklobuchar   volunteers out here for the @grandoldday parade, including Brittany Carlson who hasn’t missed a parade since 2016pic.twitter.com/9Y6HAnXmvo More than half of Americans turning 65 will need long-term care. While assisted living helps, the majority of care comes from adult children. We passed our bill to create a strategy to help families but we must do more to support them. … Thanks Niccole.  We miss Prince in Minnesota.  … As delegates vote, I want to thank my volunteers, interns, and staff for a great #DFL2018 Convention!pic.twitter.com/etE0TrvJ4I Celebrated with DFLers and Abigail last night with a Prince tribute band! How else?  #DFL2018pic.twitter.com/jpUcZIrs7M Congratulations to my friend and partner in the Senate @TinaSmithMN on the DFL nomination. From AMY to TINA congrats!   #DFL2018pic.twitter.com/t7YeFvrRpI Thank you Jessica from Benton County for nominating me for U.S. Senate. Jessica is a 1st-time delegate who got involved because she knows everything is on the line in 2018. Join her and sign up to volunteer!   #DFL2018pic.twitter.com/VSO78OcU7K Good to walk into the convention today to The Bullpen by extraordinary Minnesota artist @dessadarling Video from the convention today!  Thanks DFL! #DFL2018 … Lots of energy in the room at the DFL convention tonight! Here I am with my family on the convention floor! #DFL2018pic.twitter.com/6hYEVYWHDm At the DFL convention in Rochester tonight with John and Abigail!  #DFL2018 … This is great, @IlhanMN! … Heartwarming story about the Rochester STEM Academy women’s fencing team whose Muslim members were inspired to join by Olympian fencer. … These numbers are staggering. They reveal the scale of the tragedy in Puerto Rico. We cannot forget the people of Puerto Rico. They still need our help. … We must stand up for the rule of law & the integrity of Special Counsel investigations. The Senate should vote on the bipartisan bill to protect the investigation, which passed the Judiciary Committee with strong support. … Another great accomplishment for the University of Minnesota! Congratulations to the U for being ranked one of the top 50 universities in the WORLD. Thank you for shaping today’s students and tomorrow’s leaders. … .@amyklobuchar & 18 other Dem Senators sent letter to @AmbJohnBolton urging him to reconsider decision to eliminate Cybersecurity Coordinator role, saying the decision "keeps us from presenting that unified front and does nothing to deter our enemies from attacking us again"pic.twitter.com/3SUjPl8mnp Rx prices are out of control. 4 out of top 10 best-selling drugs have gone up 100%, but having a former drug industry lobbyist help shape drug policy resulted in surging pharma stocks & headlines saying they were “relieved!" We need real solutions. … Congratulations to Brenda Wagner, a runner up in my “Spring Has Finally Arrived in Minnesota!” photo contest. Brenda’s photo of a turtle enjoying the sun is my new Facebook cover & Twitter banner photo.pic.twitter.com/eUdWbwNKbI With growing threats to our democratic process, we shouldn't be eliminating jobs critical to our cybersecurity. That’s why I’m urging National Security Advisor Bolton to keep the top cyber job at the White House. We need to focus more on securing our elections, not less. This is appalling. OxyContin is at the heart of the opioid epidemic & one of the most dangerous drugs ever sold. Now we learn a DOJ  report found the company that sold it knew how addictive it was &  misled people anyway. They must be held accountable. … There’s power in (smaller) numbers for these Minnesota teams! Congratulations to Greenbush Middle River, Frazee-Vergas and Eden Valley-Watkins on their championship performances at the MSHSL Robotics Championships. You make us all proud! … Congratulations to @GopherBaseball for winning a Big Ten regular season title & the Big Ten Tournament title! The Gophers will host the NCAA Tournament Regional for the first time since 2000. Way to go! … What an honor it was to spend time with our veterans and the families of those we have lost this Memorial Day at Ft. Snelling. Today we remember those heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice.pic.twitter.com/Ji1i0I4nxr Today we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country.  Many vets and families at Fort Snelling today.  Here is a list of events..Memorial Day Ideas Here are some ways to commemorate the fallen on this Memorial Day: … Congratulations to the National Letter Carriers Association for another successful food drive. 83,000 pounds — wow! … A fun read for a hot holiday weekend! We've all heard of "big fish" stories, but this is one seriously big fish!   … Separating kids from their parents is wrong. Our country is better than this. … Sajan Bajracharya of Plymouth was a runner-up in my “Spring Has Finally Arrived in Minnesota!” photo contest. Sajan’s photo of a rose-breasted grosbeak is my new Facebook cover & Twitter banner photo.pic.twitter.com/gV6kcT97SM Great to see Mankato companies taking advantage of apprenticeship grants! My bill, the American Apprenticeship Act, would create & expand apprenticeship programs to help our workers get the skills they need for 21st century jobs. … With increasing threats to our democratic process, we should be ramping up our cyber security, not eliminating the top cyber post at the White House. And we must pass my bipartisan Secure Elections Act to help protect the future of our elections. … This is great news! Like I've always said, our economy is the strongest when we make things in America and export to the world. … This Memorial Day, all Fort Snelling headstones will get flags.  Last night we went to see @RBGmovie. When we got there we realized it was opening night for Star Wars’ Solo (ok that’s a contrast). While I missed getting my photo w/the opening night stormtroopers, I thought this pic from years back was just as good.    As a former prosecutor, I know how important it is to help victims of domestic violence. The woman in this case was beaten while pregnant before fleeing to the U.S. I led 11 senators urging Atty. Gen. Sessions to uphold protections for victims like her. … Thanks @wccoradio and Dave Lee for the birthday greetings today!  But do you have a birthday cake bitmoji?pic.twitter.com/Zk2QjlxRwd The EU's new standards to protect consumer info online start today. We need protections in the U.S. too. My bill with @SenJohnKennedy would let people opt out of data collection, ensure they're notified of breaches & improve online privacy policies. #GDPR … Richard Birger of Roseville was a runner-up in my “Spring Has Finally Arrived in Minnesota!” photo contest. Richard’s photo of a loon passing through on its way north is my new Facebook cover & Twitter banner photo. Check back to see others in the coming days!pic.twitter.com/PreCCzo1Lg Has anybody noticed that a lot of companies like @Twitter and @Facebook have been updating their privacy policies recently? Seems like our bill is already working @amyklobuchar. Facebook begins their new issue ad requirements today. Advertisers will now have to verify their identity & location so it’s clear who's paying for the ad. This is a major step but we need to pass my Honest Ads Act so we don't end up with a patchwork of different fixes. Facebook and Twitter have new rules for political ads. Here's how they work   via @CNET .@Twitter announced new requirements for political ads today. Advertisers now have to verify their identity & location. They also have to make clear who's paying for the ad. This is a great step. Now, lets pass my Honest Ads Act so we don't end up with a patchwork of fixes. BREAKING: The Senate just unanimously passed my bill with @RoyBlunt to overhaul Congress’ process for reporting sexual harassment- a process that’s been broken for years. Our bill ensures victims can seek justice immediately, increases transparency & holds Members accountable. More Good news from the judiciary committee today: my bipartisan SALTS Act is headed to the full Senate. This bill makes it easier to prosecute the sale & distribution of new synthetic drugs & gives our law enforcement the tools they need to combat them. In Judiciary right now.  We just got a unanimous vote for our next US Attorney for MN Erica MacDonald.  We now head to the floor where I don’t anticipate any problems. Congrats Judge MacDonald! The Duluth Police Dept has eliminated their entire backlog of untested rape kits leading to charges against at least 9 people. Our recently passed bill will allow more testing like this to happen. Behind every unprocessed case is a victim seeking justice. … Congratulations to Ethny Schuett of Agamim Classical Academy in Hopkins for her big award! She was one of 18 selected from more than 250,000 national submissions for her superb penmanship skills. Ethny’s going *write* to the top! … Sobering new survey: 1 in 5 Americans know someone who's been addicted to opioids. Those numbers are staggering & we have to do more to confront this epidemic. Our bipartisan bill CARA 2.0. would help people get the treatment & recovery services they need … Everyone deserves to feel safe at work. Today @RoyBlunt & I introduced a bill to fix Congress’ reporting process for sexual harassment victims, increase transparency & hold Members accountable. Sexual harassment will not be tolerated in Congress. Period. … Congratulations to @staceyabrams, Georgia's Democratic nominee for governor! … .@royblunt and I have forged a bipartisan agreement on a harassment bill to reform the Senate. The current system is antiquated with decades-old mandatory counseling and “cooling-off” periods used to muzzle victims.  Thanks to all who worked for change. Senate Rules Committee leaders @RoyBlunt & @amyklobuchar release bipartisan legislation to reform workplace harassment on Capitol Hill. Read a summary of the proposed reforms:pic.twitter.com/h0WfomPRy4 !! With two additions, Minnesota claims 19 spots on Fortune 500 list.  “Don’t get mad, get elected.” @amyklobuchar … Thanks so much to all the incredible advocates at @CARE ! … We’re just 24 weeks away from Election Day. It’s time to pass my Honest Ads Act so Americans know who’s paying to try to influence our democracy. We will miss David who was such a good guy.  Thinking of Bethy and their four children today.  David Weinlick, whose buddies picked his bride at Mall of America for instant wedding, dies.  We can & must do more to identify eating disorders so people get treated- only 1/10 currently do. @SenBaldwin @SenCapito & I are asking @HHSGov to implement training & education programs to help doctors & nurses recognize these diseases (authorized by the 21st Cures Act in 2016). Congratulations to Teresa Quernemoen of Lester Prairie, the 1st runner-up in my “Spring Has Finally Arrived in Minnesota!” photo contest. Teresa’s photo of these colorful tulips is my new Facebook cover photo & Twitter banner photo. Check back soon to see more finalists featured!pic.twitter.com/wzxJ6kYFsj Happy Birthday Al! … I disagree with this decision and it is no surprise it is a 5-4 split.  More reason than ever to support workers and unions. … Hundreds of thousands of young people took part in the March for Our Lives to demand action to end senseless gun violence. Now they're registering to vote in record numbers to make their voices heard at the ballot box in 2018 and beyond. … Today remember this: The Justice Dept must follow the law. Criminal investigations are about facts & law. Those that work in justice-like the prosecutors I used to work with-take oaths to uphold the law. If that breaks down we have lost our constitutional grounding as a nation. Mourner in Texas re lack of U.S. gun safety laws after foreign exchange student’s body sent home: “We have gotten off track. And it’s been going on too long.” Sabika Sheikh embraced U.S. culture. One of its darkest elements — a mass shooting — killed her. … Close game and go Lynx!  Rematch of WNBA Finals the past two seasons is today at Target Center in Minneapolis: defending champion Lynx vs...  … 83-year-old Bob Erickson has been volunteering at C.E. Jacobson Elementary School in Rush City for the 15 years since he retired… now he’s retiring again. Congrats and thank you “Grandpa Bob!” … Got to share the stage with fantastic student speaker Ruby DeBellis at @UMMorris commencement. Looking forward to seeing what she does next! pic.twitter.com/PJD4k5RPYX Love the royal  hats as a backdrop to the beautiful gospel choir!  Royal Wedding: Hear ‘Stand By Me’ performed by Karen Gibson and the Kingdom Choir … .@GlamDollDonuts is a great neighborhood hangout. You’ll never know who you’ll run into there! @CoryBooker @SenTinaSmith @Jacob_Freypic.twitter.com/wiLQ1MtM25 We welcomed Senator @CoryBooker to Minnesota this weekend.  On the stage at the Humphrey-Mondale dinner!pic.twitter.com/8rgB8wwGMh Another school & another community devastated by gun violence. My heart goes out to Santa Fe, TX & Santa Fe High School students, teachers & parents. As I've said before, parents should be able to drop their kids off at school & expect them to come home safe. It's that simple. Spoke about women running for office as part of the Women’s Leadership Forum this morning. They’ve been encouraging women to get involved in politics for 25 years. And more are signing up to run than ever before- we're up to 30,000 looking to run since last year! Congrats to @Ecolab and @CEOEcolab Doug Baker on the sustainability award tonight!    A great Minnesota company! … Congrats to Minnesota’s own Ecolab on World Environment Center’s 2018 Gold Medal Award for Corporate Sustainability, which I got to present to them today. They bring water conservation and energy saving solutions to businesses and people around the world. Rx drug prices are out of control. The @FDA's announcement that they'll publish a list of companies using anticompetitive tactics - like refusing to give samples to generic competitors - will help, but we still must pass our CREATES Act so consumers can get cheaper alternatives. Good news: The House passed my bill with @JohnCornyn that gives prosecutors the support they need to address the rape kit backlog & help solve cold cases using DNA testing tools. As a former prosecutor, I know that behind every unprocessed cold case is a victim seeking justice. Honored to co-host the screening of the HBO documentary about the life of my courageous & good friend @SenJohnMcCain. I’ve known John for a long time. He’s a man of unbelievable conviction & has been a mentor to me and so many others in the Senate. Not only was Judge Diana Murphy a friend & mentor, but as the 1st woman to serve on the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals, she helped break the judicial glass ceiling & pushed for more female judges. She was adored by all who knew her & did her work with humor, joy and oh so well. Nick Coleman knew how to find stories that mattered & dedicated his career to challenging the status quo. As I told Laura today, I have a soft spot for sometimes cantankerous & always witty columnists (being the daughter of one myself) We will miss Nick … Big win for #NetNeutrality yesterday in the Senate...now it’s time for round two. The House can’t hide. It’s time to take the vote to #SaveTheInternet. Breaking: the U.S. Senate just voted 52-47 vote on the bill to restore #NetNeutrality  and to protect a fair and open internet. Amazing victory for consumers, small businesses and rural communities. Final vote at 3.  Watch on CSpan! Breaking: the U.S. Senate is about to vote on the bill to restore #NetNeutrality and to protect a fair and open internet. Ending Net Neutrality hurts consumers, small businesses and rural communities and this is our shot to #SaveTheInternet in the Senate. Watch on CSpan! At Hearing on Cambridge Analytica’s improper data use. We need to protect Americans’ private info! My bill w @SenJohnKennedy would improve online privacy, have a right to opt out & notify users of breach. Whistleblower Wylie says there must be a law in place to make this happen. I once went to see Tom Wolfe speak in Minneapolis after he wrote Bonfire of the Vanities (one of my all-time favorite books & book titles & especially appropriate now).  The focus of his talk was how truth can be stranger than fiction...A life well lived. … The Admin has eliminated the top cybersecurity post at the White House even though we need this work more than ever! It's never been clearer that we must pass my Secure Elections Act with @SenatorLankford to help protect the future of our elections.   … null The #StateofHockey gets another all-star team! The@MinnesotaWhitecaps are the first non-east coast team to join the NWHL. It will be great to have even more athletic talent headed to our state. … What’s the next stop after Queen Charlotte's debutante ball in London? The @SPAMMuseumMN! Sunday's @waitwait told the story of Savile Lord (whose ancestors were at the signing of the Magna Carta!) & who is now the director of the SPAM museum in Austin, MN.  … This year was one of the worst we’ve ever seen for the flu. Our current vaccine is only 60 percent effective at best, so @SenMarkey and I are urging the Administration to create a universal flu vaccine which would be a stronger and better option to protect us. This week’s report from @mnhealth is more proof the opioid crisis is hitting MN hard. Our state had nearly twice as many fentanyl-related deaths in 2017 as in 2016. We should pass our bill to crack down on synthetic drugs coming from foreign countries through the mail. We have our “Spring Has Finally Arrived in Minnesota!” photo contest winner! With over 700 votes, the photo taken by Douglas Hartford of crocuses in his backyard in Arden Hills will be my new Facebook cover photo & Twitter banner photo. Thanks to everyone for your submissions!pic.twitter.com/RQubNatJzg Facebook has suspended 200 apps for misuse of user data! This is a huge problem & we must act! My bill w @SenJohnKenndy would let ppl keep their online data private, get alerted quickly when there’s a violation, & see terms of service in plain language. … "DRUG INDUSTRY RELIEVED BY PRICE PROPOSAL" Yep, that’s what the headline was in @WSJ the day after the President’s speech on Rx drug prices. How about some relief for consumers, for seniors rationing insulin & families of kids with cancer struggling to pay for cancer drugs?pic.twitter.com/T1yVVa81vB My thoughts are with @SenatorReid and his family. I'm praying for successful treatment and a speedy recovery. I joined Minnesotans this weekend who are fed up with the soaring costs of insulin which tripled in price between 2002-2013. I'm fighting for solutions to bring down these prices. It’s past time for us to stand up to the big prescription drug companies. … There are just a few hours left until we pick a winner for my "Spring is Finally Here in Minnesota” photo contest! The winner will be both my Twitter banner photo and Facebook cover photo. Vote for your favorite before noon today:  … note to White House...This is how you do it: “She should never have said it and we apologize to Senator McCain and his family for her remark.”  Just try it some time.  No apology forthcoming for ‘he’s dying anyway’ quip about McCain … Thanks Dean Coleman.  A lot of U of M spirit at the graduation today!    … Congratulations to the @umncla graduates! It was an honor to speak to you today. I can’t wait to see what this class of Gophers does next. Ski-U-Mah! … There are less than 24 hours left to vote in my "Spring is Finally Here in Minnesota” photo contest! The winner will be both my Twitter banner photo and Facebook cover photo. Vote for your favorite on Facebook:  … Hey, everyone! My mom let me take over her Twitter today to say Happy Mother’s Day. (A bold move since one Mother’s Day she called me out via tweet for sleeping in late.) To my mom—you inspire me in how hard you work every day & esp early in the morning. Love you! - Abigailpic.twitter.com/0g1u5BqqMq Thanks John!  And thanks for protecting us...now we need to protect you.  #FirefighterCancer … .@amyklobuchar stood alongside Nicole Smith-Holt and James Holt Jr., the parents of Alec Smith. They lost their son last year at the age of 26 from diabetes after he began rationing insulin.pic.twitter.com/Igvt641790 Getting ready for a rally about insulin affordability. Thank you @amyklobuchar for being here and taking this matter so seriously. #insulin4allpic.twitter.com/vnoZqAxRSp Wonderful to speak at the University of Minnesota Morris @UMMorris commencement.  Your trip on the stage was something you will always remember Liv! Congrats today!  @livvyuh … Radioman 2nd Class Quentin Gifford of Mankato was 22 when he was killed during the attack at Pearl Harbor. Today his remains were finally returned home. It was an honor to join Quentin’s family as he was laid to rest at Ft. Snelling. Submissions to my "Spring is Finally Here in Minnesota” photo contest are in. We got over 100 amazing Photos and narrowed it down to 11.  The winner will be both my twitter banner photo and Facebook cover photo.  Vote for your favorite on Facebook:  … Harassed by robocalls? How would you like to get paid?.  This is all you need to know: “Pharmaceutical investors expressed relief after the announcement, and shares of most top drugmakers rose Friday, including Pfizer, Johnson&Johnson and Eli Lilly.” Few teeth in Trump's prescription to reduce drug prices  @ABC  Thanks to all the volunteers and community leaders who put together the Willmar/Spicer/New London Governor’s fishing opener picnic today!  Rain is better than snow... #MNGFO2018 … Every week a new RX price skyrockets. We have bills on the table—most w bipartisan support—that could pass immediately to bring down prices. Americans are waiting & need action! Administration should support my Medicare Part D negotiation bill. We have 33 cosponsors #drugpricing … OK, understatement of the year: AT&T Chief Says Hiring Michael Cohen Was a ‘Big Mistake’  Spoke at the @RidgewaterColl commencement in Willmar today. So many proud students—with even prouder parents—crossing the stage, ready to take the next step! The Senate has passed our bill to create a national cancer registry for firefighters. Cancer is now the leading cause of death for firefighters. For all they do to protect us, we need to protect them & this bill will help us get the research needed to do that. Met with MN assault & abuse survivor advocates today about adding the Abby Honold Act— or victim-focused law enforcement training for rape cases— to the Violence Against Women Act. Thank you @abbyhonold for the courage to share your story. #VAWA Congrats to University of Minnesota School of Dentistry graduates! Got to wish them the best at their ceremony today (& definitely remembered to floss!). More coming out about the Equifax breach- this time we learn passport info & photos were part of last year’s breach. We must continue to get to the bottom of how this happened & figure out how to prevent it in the future. This is too important to ignore. … Heading to Willmar today to join @GovMarkDayton at the 71st Annual Minnesota Governor’s Fishing Opener picnic. Good luck to all the anglers out there. Here's to another great year of Minnesota fishing… this is me with my first catch!pic.twitter.com/Ity3u5EvOU Worth a read (and an answer): Tell us how this ends … Talk is cheap but drug prices aren’t: Trump to Drop Call for Medicare to Negotiate Lower Drug Prices  The price of a life-saving cancer drug has spiked 1,400% since 2013 - putting it out of reach for too many. I joined @SenBlumental & @SenatorBaldwin to call on drug company CEO to lower price immediately. Families should be able to focus on getting well, not how to pay for meds. My mom taught 2nd grade until she was 70. Every year, she’d teach a unit on monarch butterflies. It was her favorite & the kids loved it. It’s #TeacherAppreciationWeek & thanks to all the teachers - like my mom - who make a difference in their students’ lives.pic.twitter.com/mDmuROgeQJ Congrats to Chris Coleman on his new post.  He’ll do a fantastic job...and thanks to Sue Haigh for her good work. Ex-mayor Chris Coleman to lead Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity.  RX drug costs are out of control & keep going up. Let’s pass my bill to lift the ban on negotiating drug prices under Medicare Part D. 41 million seniors could drive a pretty hard bargain & we should let them! Joined @SenSanders @SenSchumer @RonWyden today to say just that. BREAKING: 3,500 ads were released this morning that show Russia’s direct & malicious use of social media as a weapon against our democracy. They'll do it again. We must take immediate steps to expose them & fight back. We must pass my Honest Ads Act. … This is the final day to submit your photo to my “It's Finally Spring in Minnesota Photo Contest!" Follow the link to submit your best photo of spring in our state. Photos will be accepted until midnight, so please share this post with your friends!  If only my Minnesota dreamer kids had $1.2 million to pay Michael Cohen....  ‘I’m crushing it’: How Michael Cohen, touting his access to President Trump, convinced companies to pay millions … No one has brought us more stories of what it means to love the outdoors as a Minnesotan or been a better advocate for conservation than Ron & his famous dog Raven. Congratulations Ron on a well-deserved retirement and we’ll still see you at Game Fair! … And the Mama bear waited “patiently” by....Bear cub sneaks into Duluth family's basement; police reunite it with its mother.  Politics has no place in antitrust law enforcement. That's why @RepCicilline & I are asking the DOJ about reports that AT&T made payments to the President’s lawyer while the Administration was investigating AT&T's proposed acquisition of Time Warner. Our nationally-acclaimed U of M medical program is celebrating another success. Their patient questionnaire made to improve treatments for heart failure was one of the 1st resources accepted into a new Food and Drug Administration program for med devices. … Good news: The Lewis & Clark pipeline, which I met with Worthington community leaders about last week, is getting more federal investment. Completing the pipeline is critical to SW Minnesota’s economy & will bring reliable clean water to over 300,000 people. Facebook has announced new issue ads guidance requiring advertisers to verify their identity, location & who is paying for the ad. This is a good step, but we need to pass my Honest Ads Act so we don't end up with a patchwork of fixes. … (3/3) I also believe we should be negotiating a more comprehensive agreement moving forward that includes Iran’s ballistic missile tests and destabilizing activity that pose a direct threat to Israel, which we can do without withdrawing from the agreement. (2/3) We cannot allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons and—as we head into negotiations on North Korea’s nuclear weapons—we cannot be backing away from international agreements and nuclear inspections. (1/3) Attached is the statement I made in 2015 explaining why I supported the Iran agreement. … We’re one vote away from saving #NetNeutrality in the Senate. If you support a free & open internet, now’s the time to make your voice heard! … Stunning @60Minutes story on drug company price gouging. We have to lower prices & President should include my bills on negotiation w Medicare Part D, prohibition against pay for delay & ideas for more generics & competition like my bill w @SenJohnMcCain. … Thanks to @SenBlumenthal @maziehirono @SenMarkey @SenatorSanders @SenTinaSmith @SenatorTomUdall @SenWarren for standing up for consumers and joining me to urge FCC scrutiny of the T-Mobile/Sprint merger. Proposed T-Mobile/Sprint merger would combine 2 out of top 4 wireless carriers & raises serious antitrust concerns. I led group of Senators urging the DOJ to seriously consider whether the proposed deal could result in higher prices for American consumers. … Good to see the new menu labeling rule go into effect today requiring restaurants with over 20 locations to post clear calorie info about their food. It's important for Americans to have the info they need to make healthy choices about what they eat. … Congrats to Kelly Holstein of Tokata Learning Center on being named Teacher of the Year! As the daughter of a teacher, I know the importance of educating our future leaders. Thanks to all teachers out there for your dedication & commitment to students. … Too often farmers & ranchers can't take advantage of new tech because of limited broadband access. My bill with @SenatorWicker that recently moved forward in the Senate would help fix that & give MN farmers the ability to improve business, reduce costs & boost crop yields. With 50 Senators supporting the bill to save #NetNeutrality, we’re just 1 vote away from protecting a free & open internet in the Senate. On May 9th we’re taking a big step to bring our bill for a vote. Watch & share this video w @SenMarkey & @SenTinaSmith & help #SaveTheInternetpic.twitter.com/HeNQgAby0h One argument for antitrust scrutiny (and why we should be having judiciary committee oversight hearings re multiple sectors in the senate).  FYI and why we need to pass new legislation to deal with this on the federal level: Yes, It’s Bad. Robocalls, and Their Scams, Are Surging.  As the weather warms up, so does the risk of getting an insect-related illness. This is especially important in Minnesota and why @mnhealth’s Vectorburne Unit tracks these diseases & researches the best ways to protect yourself from ticks and mosquitoes. … With over 80,0000 Hmong Minnesotans, it’s no wonder we have such great options when it comes to Hmong food! Don’t worry: many places make dishes using *Minnesota* spice levels. … There's still time to submit your favorite photo to my “Spring Is Finally Here In Minnesota!” Facebook photo contest. Just visit the link and submit your photo by May 10!  And John McCain has so many memories to share...you always learn something from them. Adventures, humor but always courage! Nice story by Jonathan Martin..includes one of my memories from our trips. At Ranch, McCain Shares Memories, Regrets With Friends  At the St. Paul Cinco de Mayo Parade with @VoteTrista, @renamoran, @TinaSmithMN, @VoteBetty, Rafael Ortega and @votejohnchoi.pic.twitter.com/eT6muKCfq6 Powerful read about how St. Cloud is a model for how cities build & maintain middle-class jobs. They’re an example of how important training & higher education are to our economy. … Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!  A beautiful morning in St. Paul for the parade.    pic.twitter.com/Aytnku7Nsh Our family once went hiking in Volcano National Park...fond memories of the stark landscape, flames at night, lush land surrounding the Park.  Thinking of our friends on the Big Island today.  In Hawaii, Kilauea Volcano Erupts, Spewing Lava Near Homes  What a great group of new doctors out of the U of M Med School this year.  Thanks for including me in your graduation.  And thanks to your parents and teachers for all the hard work...you stand on their shoulders! … Great speaking at the @UMNMedEd commencement ceremony this afternoon! Today's grads are the doctors, researchers, & teachers who’ll discover new cures and help care for and treat people around the world. Congrats grads! The DOJ has further eroded the freedom of the press since this video, but my response is the same. I believe in the 1st Amendment & will defend it. As the daughter of a frm reporter, I know how important accurate, uncensored journalism is for our democracy … Just under a week left to submit to my “Spring Is Finally Here In Minnesota!” photo contest. Use the link to submit your photo by May 10.  I met with AGCO leaders in Jackson this week & heard about their new apprenticeship program. They're training young people for good-paying careers & helping businesses fill critical job openings. There are many paths to success for our students! @jcpilot  … “May the 4th be with you.” - Senator @amyklobuchar speaking to my inner child at the #usglcMN breakfast session in Minneapolis. @LizSchrayer @USGLCpic.twitter.com/ftRCXg9uQn @amyklobuchar - “Global focus doesn’t diminish America, it defines America.”  #usglcMN … “Even if you want to isolate yourself from the rest of the world, the world won’t let you.” @amyklobuchar speaking about the importance of global investments #usglcmn @CAREActionNow It’s #SmallBusinessWeek. In MN our over 500,000 small businesses help keep our economy strong & competitive. So let's make it easier for them to get loans, improve the infrastructure they rely on & expand high speed internet access. We must support the backbone of our economy. I was in Worthington this week to hear about the Rural Water Program & get updated on the Lewis & Clark Pipeline. MN line is nearly complete & will be a reliable source of clean water to farmers, businesses & over 300k people in Southwestern MN. @dglobe … .@amyklobuchar made her way to Lake Benton yesterday to have breakfast with a few soybean farmers from the area. The farm bill, trade, RFS and the down farm economy were just a few of the topics covered over a cup of coffee. Read about her visit here:  pic.twitter.com/0lNsw41PfJ It’s no surprise MN youth are predicted to turn out to vote this Nov. Good news, but let’s pass my bill to automatically register everyone eligible to vote when they're 18 so more can have their voices heard. … The DOJ has removed language on freedom of the press from their internal manual & further distanced themselves from protecting journalists & supporting the 1st Amendment. A free press is critical to our democracy & we must defend it. … News of the day.  So long Cambridge Analytica....it wasn’t good to know you. … Congrats to Nancy Liberski, Mary Jo Copeland, Beth Leonard & all women inducted into 2018 @NAWBOMINN Hall of Fame. Women have made great strides in business & leadership, but there are still fewer Fortune 500 female CEOs than those named John. Time for more women in charge! Kicking off my “Spring is Finally Here in Minnesota Photo Contest." Follow the link to submit your photo of spring in our state. I'll post finalists for everyone to vote on, & the winner will be my new Facebook cover photo. Last day to submit is May 10.  Synthetic opioids have overtaken Rx drugs as the #1 opioid killer. We need more solutions like Montevideo’s opioid reduction program. I was at their kick off yesterday. They're working to prevent opioid abuse & get people the treatment they need. … Strong statement from Rod Rosenstein in response to question re republican house members considering impeaching him: “The Department is Justice is not going to be extorted.”  Watch the tape: … Good to be in Marshall today to talk about child care.  More kids than there are slots in day cares.    A thoughtful discussion and time to put ideas into action on the state and federal level. … Started the morning in Lake Benton with The Mayor and soybean farmer friends at the Lunchbox cafe. Soybeans are now Minnesota’s biggest ag export. Minnesota moves to B20 Biodiesel fuel today (May 1)!  We’re celebrating at the Lake Benton     Gas (and biofuel) station!pic.twitter.com/H0mS9PNBxj Thanks to @MinnesotaWest and @TGaalswyk for teaching a new generation of MN students skills   that allow them to work at great places like @AGCOcorp in Jackson (just voted Best Plant of the year by several national manufacturing organizations)! … The Implausible Promises of a T-Mobile-Sprint Merger   via @NYTimes  Thanks to three of the Windom High School student council members for coming to our meeting on rural water infrastructure today.  The student council is in good hands! … Lots happening In SW MN! Started day in Luverne &Worthington to discuss econ development & Lewis&Clark water project.  Loved eating at Sterling’s Cafe in Luverne.  Then headed to AGCO in Jackson (great workplace) & water & broadband mtgs in Windom area & Slayton. Onto Pipestone! After 49 years and thousands of jerseys, Minnesota @vikings seamstress Penny Bryce has stitched her last letter. Happy retirement, Penny! … Met with leaders at AGCO in Jackson today to discuss the importance of increasing the number of skilled workers in Minnesota. Apprentice programs like AGCO’s help businesses fill critical job openings while helping workers get the skills they need to get good-paying jobs. Very exciting news: The Lewis and Clark pipeline is nearing its end point in Worthington. It will be a reliable source of clean water to farmers, businesses, and more than 300,000 people in Southwestern Minnesota. … Competition among the 4 mobile carriers has led to lower prices, better services & more innovation. That’s why the announcement that T-Mobile & Sprint plan to merge raises serious antitrust issues. We need to make sure the benefits that competition brings to consumers continue. Nice photos of Lake Superior. Thanks … It’s hard to choose just 1 lake of our 10,000+, but @mprnews has narrowed it down in their Minnesota’s Most-Loved Lake contest. It’s Superior vs Kabetogama in the finals- vote today! … Congratulations to Troopers Zachary Borchardt and Nate Walton on being named officers of the month by the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. In 2016 they rescued a Southern Minnesota man from a river that was only 20 degrees. My friends Dan Rogan&wife Kate Menendez both argued before U.S. Supreme Court...was good to see them in DC..I hired Dan when I was Hennepin County Attorney and congrats to both of them!  County attorney joins wife in arguing in front of U.S. Supreme Court … New Minnesota restaurant is serving up some great recipes from the Iron Range. Including potica -- a classic that my grandma made and that I serve every Thursday AM in my Senate office. … Stopped for lunch at beautiful Glenwood Minnesota where the ice is finally going out on Lake Minnewaska.  Still a lot left to go before the fishing opener... pic.twitter.com/dUraOLxJxS Good to meet with our firefighters at the Minnesota State Firefighters Conference in Alexandria this morning.  Beautiful day too! … The Minnesota National Guard is the best! @MNNationalGuard ‘Blessed Ramadan' lawn sign campaign in Minnesota is unexpected success … I visited University of Minnesota Alzheimer’s researchers earlier this month to learn more about their efforts to cure a disease that impacts 5.7 million Americans. We must continue to support their important work. … More than 60k vehicles still contain the dangerous Takata airbags that can result in life-threatening explosions when deployed. I’m calling on @Honda to get these airbags off the road as quickly as possible. How are they reaching people who own these cars? … We’re only 1 vote away from stopping the repeal of #NetNeutrality in the Senate. @SenMarkey joined @SenTinaSmith & me in MN today to talk about how ending #NetNeutrality hurts consumers, small businesses & rural communities. We’ll keep fighting for a free & open internet. Terrible news out of Superior today. My thoughts are with the families and loved ones of those affected and the first responders.  … breaking: special counsel bill just passed 14 to 7.  We must be a check and balance and stewards of our Constitution and Rule of Law.  Strong statement by Judiciary Committee to protect special counsel investigation. 4 Republicans joined all Dems in voting yes. At Judiciary Committee where we are about to vote on bill to protect special counsel investigations.  Looks like 4 Republicans will be voting for it.  14 to 7 would be a strong outcome and send a meaningful message that the senate judiciary committee stands up for the rule of law A federal judge has ruled that the Administration must accept new #DACA applications. While this is great news, DREAMers must be given clear legal status through legislation. We need to pass the #DreamAct. These kids know only one home: the United States. … It was an honor to meet with Vietnam and Korean War veterans from Carver County and thank them for their service. … Another great year for the annual Hotdish Competition! Congrats to @tomemmer & @RickNolanMN on winning entries. Thanks to @SenTinaSmith for hosting.  Here’s my “Gold Medal Curling Hotdish”—a nod to our Minnesota-based Olympic Curling Team.  … What an honor to have Gold Medal X Country skier Jessie Diggins as my guest at French President’s speech. She’s here talking about climate change & Macron focused on Paris agreement today.  Minnesotans led the way at the Winter Olympics & @jessdiggs is one of our North Stars!  Very strong speech today by French President Macron.  I spoke w/him after about our work in U.S. & international efforts on privacy and social media which he mentioned in his speech.  Also talked with him about climate change.  We must get back in Paris Climate Change agreement Congratulations to my extraordinary rules counsel Lindsey Kerr and her husband Grant on the birth of their twins Ella Josephine and Sophie Elizabeth!pic.twitter.com/iAy14fI0JV An honor to receive the congressional leadership award from @RefugeesIntl.  As I said tonight, our country’s strength is not diminished by refugees, but defined by refugees. … Congratulations to Ashley Hanson, of Granite Falls, for being named one of just 20 Obama Foundation Fellows across the world. Ashley was selected out of over 20,000 applicants for her work to revitalize and connect rural communities using art. Great work! … Questioned Ag Secretary Sonny Perdue (@SecretarySonny) today on how we can better support our rural communities. I’m fighting to expand rural broadband, pass a strong Farm Bill, and make sure that - no matter where you live - no one gets left behind. Today I heard from family advocates & officials working to bring child abductors to justice. Returning missing kids to families is one of the most important jobs of law enforcement. I've worked to pass legislation to help & will keep fighting to get them the tools they need. The drug that’s critical to saving opioid overdose victims is way too expensive & the price has gone up as the opioid crisis worsened. No lives should be lost because a drug costs too much. That’s why @SenTinaSmith & are calling on @HHSgov to lower prices. Social media companies have to do more to protect people’s private information. Today I introduced a bill w/ @SenJohnKennedy so people can keep their online data private, get alerted within 72 hours when there’s a violation, & see terms of service in plain language. It’s National Parks Week & Minnesotans have 6 of our own—from the scenic St. Croix Riverway to Grand Portage on the north shore. National Parks help preserve our land/culture & teach our kids. We should protect & invest in them. … The opioid epidemic impacts every community. We must get people who are addicted the treatment they need. @SenatorCollins & I have introduced legislation to support community prevention & treatment options for families that are struggling. Nice and well deserved story about my friend and mentor, former Hennepin County Attorney Tom Johnson: As Hennepin County attorney, Tom Johnson went after perpetrators of child sexual abuse. Now he's helping victims  … via @pioneerpress Who does @mallofamerica hire to do its gardening? Ladybugs, of course! This year the Girl Scouts of America & Torah Academy released 75,000 ladybugs to maintain the plants inside the Mall, a great tradition that’s been going on since 1992! … Happy Earth Day! Today’s a reminder that (1)science matters when it comes to protecting our world; & (2)we love the outdoors in Minnesota. P.S:we shouldn’t have someone running the Environmental Protection Agency who doesn’t care about protecting the environment (see agency name) Congratulations to my husband John on receiving one of the 2018 USM Regents' Faculty Awards for excellence in research—the highest honor at his university! I'm so proud of you!pic.twitter.com/EByhNs3zY7 Casey O’Brien has battled cancer four times in his life, but nothing stops him from playing football at the University of Minnesota. He is what it means to be a champion. … Prince was MN’s superstar next door. Today on the two-year anniversary of his death we remember a special person who touched hearts, opened minds, & made people everywhere want to dance.   #RIPPRINCE … Longtime volunteers Bernie & Marge Kersting, who deliver meals to seniors in St. Cloud, were selected to do something special this week: deliver meals in a limo! The limo ride is a three decades-long tradition to honor volunteerism. … We need to support our Minnesota farmers. Our state ranks #1 in turkey production and including a disease prevention program in the #FarmBill will help farmers avoid devastating losses in the future. … Break out the shorts and T-shirts. It looks like spring is finally coming to Minnesota! … ‘It’s About Time’: A Baby Comes to the Senate Floor   via @NYTimes  Study says half of Facebook ads w divisive political messages ahead of 2016 election were from suspicious groups. We must pass the Honest Ads Act & make social media companies play by the rules. That way Americans can see who's paying to influence them. … How do you spell irony? E-N-O-U-G-H Kobach helped lead Trump’s election panel. A judge just found him in contempt in a voter ID case … For all firefighters do to protect our families, it’s time for us to take better care of these heroes. From cancer to PTSD, firefighters are being impacted with chronic illnesses at an alarming rate. … Maile Pearl has made her Senate floor debut! Looking forward to having her around as the first (but definitely not the last) baby to spend time here. Congrats @tammyduckworth! … Training commercial drivers to better report human trafficking is critical to fighting this heinous crime that’s happening in Minnesota & across the country. My bill with @SenJohnThune (signed into law this year) is better equipping truckers to help.  … After being told she could never fly, pilot Tammie Jo Shults’ is an American hero. Her calm during crisis- a skill she learned as one of the first American women to fly an F-18- saved lives. … As ranking member of the Rules Committee I “rule” this baby outfit as good to go @tammyduckworth. In fact we need more senators in duckling outfits! It will be historic when baby Maile comes to the floor, and now let’s change policies across U.S. on child care & paid family leave … Ten babies on the senate floor?  That would mean ten more moms/dads.  Sounds good to me! … I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, particularly Senator Klobuchar, @RoyBlunt & @SenatorDurbin, for helping bring the Senate into the 21st Century by recognizing that sometimes new parents also have responsibilities at work →  pic.twitter.com/XR55Dt8XKL Unwanted robocalls & telemarketing spoofs are the top consumer complaint to the FCC. That’s why I'm cosponsoring a bill with Senator @brianschatz to lengthen the statute of limitations for robocall & spoofing violations. We need to end this tactic used to defraud Americans. Thanks for supporting #HonestAds! … Met w/ the Administration today to talk about federal resources to help local communities fight the opioid crisis. This epidemic has spread across Minnesota & the country. We must get those who are addicted the support they need. Nice story: Barbara Bush was as authentic as her pearls were fake … .@ChuckGrassley & I - along w 11 colleagues - are calling on @EPAScottPruitt to stop exempting oil refineries from the renewable fuel standard. The high number of recent waivers lets oil companies skirt the law at the expense of farmers across MN & US. … Tomorrow we hope to pass Tammy Duckworth’s resolution to allow babies on the senate floor during votes. The world is changing &at some point we will have more than one senator w/a baby! Thnx Tammy & @DickDurbin & thanks to @RoyBlunt for working w/me on this on the Rules Committee … My deepest condolences to the Bush family on the passing of Barbara Bush.  I respected her directness.  She was always her own person and loved her family and her country. … Good News:Sun Country just decided to reimburse passengers that were stranded during the blizzard for the full cost of their flight home. That’s good news. We now need to make sure that there are better consumer protections in place for airline customers.Will work on an amendment We’re talking w/ Minnesotans around the state about expanding workforce & employment opportunities. My bill, the American Apprenticeship Act, would create & expand apprenticeship programs to help our workers get the skills they need for 21st century jobs. … Worth noting: In the final stage of life, former First Lady Barbara Bush offers us a parting gift … FYI and not good: IRS electronic filing system breaks down hours before midnight deadline … Our military members risk their lives to protect us. Their healthcare shouldn't be at risk too.That's why @SenToddYoung & I just introduced a bill to increase Congressional oversight of the VA. Every single veteran deserves timely, high-quality health care. .@SenatorLankford & I met w secretaries of state yesterday including @MNSteveSimon to discuss protecting elections from cyber attacks. It’s time to pass the Secure Elections Act now so they have tools they need to keep 2018 elections secure, free & fair. … Sending letter to Sun Country CEO re stranded passengers from storm. If they had no plane, why didn’t they charter one? Why don’t they reimburse passengers for full expense? As original sponsor of passenger bill of rights,will look at amending law to cover these consumer breaches This local Minnesota store is turning plastic dumped into our oceans into furniture. It’s people like Jay and Rachel Dillon who make our world a better place! … Farmers across Minnesota are the backbone of our economy & need support during periods of low prices. With new improvements to the USDA's Margin Protection Program for Dairy, Minnesota dairy farmers will get relief during tough times.  … This week marks the 2nd anniversary of the passing of Minnesota’s very own Prince. Among the many events in his honor is a 3-day Prince symposium at the University of Minnesota with Paisley Park associates & the community. … Social media companies must do more to protect our private information. My bill with @SenJohnKennedy would give users a privacy bill of rights that would allow people to keep their data private and alert them when there is a data breach. … Resilience!  Wild show they can be physical, too, in blowout win over Jets … We are thinking of Barbara Bush and the Bush family today. … For the first time since 2004, the Minnesota @Timberwolves are in the playoffs! Good luck in game 1. We'll have #AllEyesNorth! … We’ll vote on a bipartisan bill that protects special counsel investigations like Mueller’s this week in Judiciary Committee. We must ensure integrity of these investigations. It isn’t about politics. It’s about the rule of law & future of our democracy … The snow doesn’t bother Jessie Diggins! Olympic champion Diggins comes home to Stillwater for parade … Congrats to @AngieCraigMN & @deanbphillips on their endorsements! And thanks to the hundreds of DFLers who caucused & served as delegates today Here is my statement on the U.S./Great Britain/France's targeted strike on Syria:  … The University of Minnesota beat out hundreds of other public colleges nationwide, ranking 16th among them (and 4th in the Midwest). With strong retention rates and excellent professors, the U of M is showing just how much we value education in our state. … Facebook, Twitter and now @Microsoft support the Honest Ads Act to make social media companies follow the same rules for political ads as everyone else. Now @Google needs to do the same. … Backpage CEO finally pled guilty to money laundering & conspiracy to facilitate prostitution. Backpage was one of the reasons we just passed the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act. I met w Ramsey County Attorney John Choi today to discuss helping victims moving forward.pic.twitter.com/WrRMoBuX03 Joe Mauer got his 2,000th hit! What a week for Minnesota sports. @Twins … I’ll take Minnesota April snow over this any day (as in it’s a good day not to be in Washington): Comey compares Trump to mob boss, Trump cries 'slime ball' … Affordable child care is an important element of a strong economy. I'm working on a bill to help give Minnesota parents more child care options at lower costs. … !!! Minnesota men boast nation's longest life expectancy … Protecting the privacy of consumers online has never been more important. That’s why I'm introducing a bill with @SenJohnKennedy to give Americans the right to opt out of data collection and tracking, improve online privacy policies & notify users when a breach occurs. Most sex trafficking across Minnesota & the US is facilitated online. Yesterday was a step forward in the fight to end it as a bipartisan bill I cosponsored that will stop protecting perpetrators & empower victims to seek justice was signed into law. … No one better to lead the @GopherWBB program than @Lindsay_13! Congratulations, Coach. … The integrity of Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation is critical to Americans' confidence in their government. We must pass this bipartisan bill to protect it. It’s about more than 1 candidate or 1 election. It’s about our democracy. … 