Good morning. … Folks are getting emotional and desperate and lots of stuff is flying. There is simply no way to fairly investigate all of the claims and counter claims by Friday. Let’s slow down and do this properly.  … We need to check the power of the President by dividing power and giving the Democrats control over the legislative branch. Whatever you think about social issues or taxes or whatever, this person must be constrained through the separation of powers. I feel like there’s a bad connection and I’m getting every other word. None of this is true. What is happening. .@brianschatz Lays out the bargain. If you want preemption you won't get it by asking for a weak federal privacy law. Raises that the FTC should have rulemaking power and broad authority among other weaknesses in federal law that need to be fixed.  Industry wants none of this. I feel compelled to say to all survivors of the type of conduct that is being alleged today that my heart goes out to all of you and am in awe of your strength The Senate cannot fulfill its constitutional responsibility to provide advice and consent without hearing from Mr. Judge. Ladies and gentlemen, @brianschatz  has captured the wisdom of "Donald Trump the Businessman President" in a single sentence. … Trumponomics. … This is actually accurate … We are borrowing money from China to pay our farmers to not sell their crops to China. … Judge Kavanaugh’s 1982 calendar, submitted to Senate Judiciary Committeepic.twitter.com/VxzMQvgxNE Vote for Democrats because among other things they can do their own questioning in hearings. Call me a stickler but I think we should hear the testimony before scheduling the vote.  … .@lisamurkowski says she has no way to assess whether latest allegations against Kavanaugh are credible without further investigation. The reason they don’t want to bring the Mueller bill to the Senate floor is they know it would pass and they are afraid of the President. Seriously. Protect Robert Mueller. That is all. Kavanaugh nomination is in trouble. That's why McConnell made blistering speech today. Baseball teams mail it in once they are out of pennant race. McConnell trying to get GOPers to run out out every ground ball in effort to salvage nomination. Kavanaugh lacks the votes right now Congress should act now to protect the Special Counsel's investigation into Russian election interference. We need checks and balances with this President more than ever. … BREAKING: almost everything I will go first. Collective bargaining. … The Unitary Executive is a non mainstream legal theory that is held by Judge Kavanaugh, Noel Francisco, and lots of other people who want to consolidate power not just with the executive branch but with the President himself. It is the reason Senators won’t protect Mueller. We should pass the Mueller protection legislation this week. Having dudes in charge of literally everything is not working at all for anyone except those dudes. Imagine reacting this waypic.twitter.com/KRJ4yqJJeW This week I predict lots of furrowed brows among Republicans as they fall into line with the Federalist Society marching orders and mutter their process concerns to their spouses and in off the record convos w press. Privately, several Republicans said they were alarmed by the new allegations, but it is not yet clear whether the party will abandon Kavanaugh. Lots of radio silence from GOP … If this is true they can now call a more complete process. There is simply no justification for a rush, and I doubt that rushing would get them 51 votes. … So, now that they know do they agree with the accelerated and truncated process? … These. Guys. Must. Be. Ousted. Did the Judiciary Committee Republicans know of this allegation while they were threatening to vote tomorrow? In any halfway respectable legislature there would be multiple hearings and an independent investigation. GOP sens & the people actually running this - Federalist Society clique operating out of the White House - have one priority: Get BK on the Court by any means necessary. Damaged? Who cares? Thomas has been damaged goods on the Court for almost 30 yrs. None of them care. This election is at least partly about whether or not to divide power among R’s and D’s in DC, or to let R’s run everything. These guys don’t deserve that kind of a vote of confidence given their behavior. Senate Republicans need to demonstrate to the country that they are capable of conducting a fair, dignified and impartial inquiry here. If they cannot, the reputational  stink will not wash off easily. We are not off to a good start. Friends, just a reminder. If Dems take the Senate, Grassley is no longer Chair of the Judiciary Committee.  The majority on the committee will be made up of people who look like America. So please find a Dem senate candidate and start helping. This is all anyone should tweet for 6 weeks. This is the whole thing. … Heading to Silicon Valley soon to pitch my new app:  GoFundMe for things like teachers’ supplies and people’s healthcare expenses, but really done at scale.  Thinking of calling it Government. This is not a good look for the Senate. Just let her come in on Thursday! I didn’t know it was possible to have so many villains in the same story. They are using the PR firm that did the Swiftboat ads. I’m beginning to think this whole thing is not on the level. There is only one real deadline in terms of R’s taking action on SCOTUS and it’s January 2. The idea that R’s would decide not to take testimony from the accuser because of a disagreement about Wednesday vs Thursday is literally unbelievable. As in, you shouldn’t believe them. imagine you are closest of allies with someone   you’re trying to help him past a controversy involving his high school friends, who you don’t know  you decide to point the finger publicly at a specific old friend of his  before doing that, would you not even mention it to him? … Kavanaugh tells Hatch accusation may be mistaken identity  … via @YahooNews Nice job Mazie.  … We still have only four percent of his files from his life in public service, he thinks foreign spending in American elections is  and he thinks the President is uniquely above the law. Kavanaugh and his allies have been privately discussing a defense that would not question whether an incident happened to Ford, but instead would raise doubts that the attacker was Kavanaugh … I find this alarming.pic.twitter.com/A2bqeJDEId This is why gaining the necessary 23 House seats remains a steep climb for Democrats, who still mostly knock on wood instead of knocking on doors. … In national polling, Kavanaugh is now the most disliked nominee since Bork. I don’t know exactly what the right timeframe is, but we shouldn’t move so quickly that we are finished at the beginning. The Judiciary Committee has an obligation to the court and the country to gather all of the evidence so that the Senate can provide advice and consent. I don’t know for sure but this seems encouraging. Everyone on both sides of the ideological divide should want an orderly, dignified process, and I am hoping that the Committee can find its footing here. … So many amazing savvy people who already know how this is gonna play out I cannot wait to watch TV. I’m kidding just make phone calls for Democratic candidates ok? I went into two meetings and come out and now Twitter is worse. New NBC/WSJ data out now: Opposition to Kavanaugh's confirmation is up 9 points since last month, putting him at 38 oppose / 34 support & making him the first nominee in the poll's history (since 2005) to be underwater on this question.    pic.twitter.com/gLB6dOQsNT I see Roy Moore weighing in so that’s great. I’m just checking in on what John Yoo, Ari Fleischer, and Ken Starr think about this situation, so I can run as fast as I can in the other direction. This is so totally immoral. Also I don’t need a poll to know this will be very unpopular and people should make ads. … One way they could keep the money for cancer research is to STOP SEPARATING FAMILIES. … The Majority Leader literally controls what we vote on and when. R’s control the Senate until Jan 2/2019 no matter the election outcome. Therefore the only hard deadline for SCOTUS vote is 1/1/19. So if there’s time, why would R’s shut this down so abruptly? *too I’m also sending money to @kyrstensinema because she’s in a very tough race for Senate in Arizona. Please help. Today I’m sending small checks to Joe Radinovich (MN-08) - @joeradinovich  Lizzie Fletcher (TX-07) - @Lizzie4Congress Ben McAdams (UT-04) - @BenMcAdams Richard Ojeda (WV-03) - @Ojeda4congress Liuba Gretchn Shirley (NY-02) - @liuba4congress and I’m hoping you do to if possible. Merrick Garland … Merrick Garland. Scalia's seat was held open by Republicans for more than 400 days. … I’m so mad I’m gonna send more money to Democrats today. Why? … Why? … NC governor: “When you have two 500-year floods within two years of each other, it’s pretty clear it’s not a 500-year flood."  Why? … They aren’t even bothering to make an argument anymore. It’s we got the votes and what are you gonna do about it. Ford atty to cmte: “..an FBI investigation of the incident should be the first step in addressing her allegations. A full investigation by law enforcement officials will ensure that..the Committee is fully informed before conducting any hearing“ We must complete work on this nominee by the end of September. Also, Merrick Garland. GOP strategists are dreading a hearing where Ford testifies about Kavanaugh. They know it’ll be a disaster: "“Eleven old white guys questioning a woman about teenage sex, what could go wrong?”   by @Robillard There is a lot of money being raised for Democratic causes and if this is true some of that money should be pulled from a generic TV ad and put into STAMPS. … Yeah, I think people who are reporting this as a statement she won’t appear are out over their skis. … I ask my colleagues: The Senate owes the country a dignified, fair, thorough, unhurried process, and only 51 people in the USA have power make sure this is done right. Please help our institution to rise to the occasion. Let us not repeat the mistakes of the past. None of this will change until we take back power. They have shown that they are incapable of governing in a balanced, responsible, lawful manner. It’s the Trump Party now, and it must lose decisively. Please do whatever you can. What happens is up to all of us. Thank you. There were 22 witnesses for the Anita Hill hearings. The 2018 GOP wants to call 2. There. Is. No. Rush. We need a more diverse bench. It’s the same people from the same high schools and law schools who are running a whole branch of government and that’s not good for anyone except them. I’m not sure this is legal, but if it is I’m certain this is misuse of his authority. … 49 days. There is no legitimate reason to rush. 50 days left. "[Kavanaugh] is not just a conservative jurist. He's not John Roberts. He's not even Neil Gorsuch. He's a Republican operative who is posting as a judge" — @brianschatz #lovettorleaveit  pic.twitter.com/Tl8scdqnGG It is not unreasonable to give the Senate more time to conduct its constitutional responsibility to provide advice and consent. There is no rush, and the end of September is a self-imposed, artificial deadline. Let’s do our job, together. I just met @Scholten4Iowa for Iowa and like him a lot. Plus he’s running against Steve King. Adding him to my list of contributions. … 51 days. I’m giving to @Abby4Iowa -  @JanzforCongress  @TJCoxforCongress @JahanaHayesCT @LizForIndiana -  @golden4congress -  @MikieSherrill @StevenHorsford -  @mjhegar @ACampaNajjar @AftabPureval @PhilBredesen @espyforsenate please feel free to join me and send help too. Thank you. Exciting announcements from Sen. @brianschatz to close out the Ocean-Climate Challenge session at #GCAC2018. Hawaii joins the  @OA_Alliance and partners with Marc and Lynne @Benioff to support research and monitoring at Papahānaumokuākea #OceanClimateActionpic.twitter.com/gsk1UGHEjy The President is raising taxes and Republicans are disagreeing (privately) and fighting against it (in their imagination.) They are (not) scheduling a vote in congress  to push back. … DC too! Puerto Rico should be a state. Americans deserve representation in Congress and in the Electoral College. After analyzing the court documents the key thing to remember about the Manafort news is that there are only 52 days left until the election the Republicans will take your healthcare away if they win. Listen to Sen. @brianschatz and @jonlovett talk about the unitary executive theory, starting around the 6m mark.  "Mitch McConnell didn't want Kavanaugh to be up for confirmation because of the long and dangerous paper trail... the only distinguishing characteristic is this person doesn't think the president should be subjected to investigation." — @brianschatz  pic.twitter.com/76Ujiz2O9V New Lovett or Leave It! Senator @brianschatz, @morninggloria and @janellejcomic join to talk Kavanaugh, Moonves, Serena, Tucker, polls, bagels, scooters, and focusing on 2018 instead of 2020. Great episode. … Every time he does something awful, you do something to help Dems win. He tweets, you phone bank. He announces a bad policy, you send money to a democrat. He hurts people, you knock on doors. For the next 55 days we have one way to express our outrage and that is to work to win. This is an awful, awful tweet. … In the present circumstances, no one can afford to assume that someone else will solve their problems. Each one of us has a responsibility to help guide our global family in the right direction. Good wishes are not sufficient; we must become actively engaged. 55 days left until we can put a check on these maniacs. Today is bananas Joking aside I think we should be prepared for a tripling down on cruelty to vulnerable people as he goes to his personal political comfort zone. President Bush is in Tampa today fundraising for Rick Scott. So I asked Scott: "Was the Iraq War a mistake?"  He wouldn't say yes or no. … I consider myself an Obama Jew but maybe he had something else in mind. … I will announce my donations next week but in the meantime lots of great suggestions for grassroots and big donors in the comments. Keep them coming! … We are not doing that. … Ok let’s do another round of donations to House and Senate candidates. Suggestions? Per @MayorKirkHNL evacuation in Nuuanu NOT NECESSARY. Pumps have lowered water level at Nuuanu reservoir. Residents will be notified if that changes. BWS Nu‘uanu Dam #1 is about a 1.5 ft below the spillway due to the amount of rain brought on by #Olivia. BWS & the Fire Department are deployed at dam with water pumps to bring level of reservoir down. Stay tuned to additional messaging if residents need to take emergency action “Hill experience” gives a person a leg up when applying for an entry level job in a Senate office. But most young men and women can’t swing working for free. So the pool of “qualified applicants” is not very diverse. This is just a small step towards changing that. … Exciting. It seems like a small thing to pay interns, but it opens up a whole world of opportunity and increases the diversity of the intern classes, and eventually Hill staff. Capitol Hill should truly rep America. Thanks to my staff, @ChrisMurphyCT @CoryBooker @ChrisVanHollen … Republicans in Congress are so afraid of Trump that they literally refuse to hold hearings on anything that might irritate him, no matter how important. There are decent R’s but the simple fact is they have, as an institution, stopped doing their job. It’s quite embarrassing. The coming election gives us a stark choice between a meaningful check against an out of control executive and total acquiescence. Also, whether or not you think people should be financially punished for being sick. Hey we should do oversight. Three U.S. senators including @brianschatz today introduced a bill "that would encourage colleges and universities to remove criminal and juvenile justice questions from their admissions applications."    … Let’s not simply dismiss this latest presidential tweet as Trump being Trump -   The President of the United States just denied the official death toll from Hurricane Maria and blamed it on Democrats.   This is among the lowest statements made by any American president. This is a bad tweet. … Climate change is real and it is the challenge of our generation. … Wheels. Coming. Off. FEMA says it moved what may be millions of water bottles to a runway in Ceiba, Puerto Rico to save taxpayers moneypic.twitter.com/b4RPaMRiCF It is not that small of a thing that the President is giving incorrect information about a natural disaster and retweeting himself this morning. I will get back to healthcare and economics shortly but sheesh. This is not all that Republicans are saying openly, Senator @brianschatz.  They are also saying openly that you must elect Republicans to prevent real oversight and accountability on Trump:    … Great news:   Flood warning cancelled for Maui & Molokai! the ideological forebears of today’s GOP leaders opposed creation of Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid … Social Security is the most successful anti-poverty program in American history, and R’s will do “entitlement reform” next Congress if they still hold gavels. This is no campaign slogan or demagoguing- they really want to reduce your personal financial security. Because freedom. The core of it is a wealth transfer from regular people to wealthy donors, with racism and chaos as cover. They are really coming after Medicare, Medicaid, social security and ACA. The reason that I know this is that they are saying so. … 1/ The Trump Administration formally endorsed the U.S. backed bombing of civilians inside Yemen today. You need to start raising your voice on this - now.  If you need a quick primer why, read this THREAD BREAKING: Evacuations are underway in Waihee Valley and along Lower Honoapiilani Highway due to raging rivers and massive flash flooding from Tropical Storm #Olivia. Full story:  …pic.twitter.com/YKExEWgX6g Everyone who voted for this $&% sandwich tax bill should have to explain this. … I’ve never met an American who uses the word “shekels” in a sentence. It took a year for power to be restored to Puerto Rico, and nearly 3,000 people died as a result of the storm. But Trump continues to hail the government’s performance, saying, the feds “did an unappreciated great job.” … BREAKING: What may be millions of water bottles. meant for victims of Hurricane Maria, have been sitting on a runway in Ceiba, Puerto Rico, since last year, according to @FEMA, which confirmed the news to me, late tonight, after pictures, posted today on social media, went viral.pic.twitter.com/jidGJAvCyJ One of the most essential roles for a President of the United States is to unite us when possible and provide moral leadership on how to be in a political fight without losing sight of our common cause and our common values. Today, we remember the many heroes and neighbors lost in the 9-11 attacks. Seventeen years later, the courage and unity shown by so many on that fateful day still inspires us to come together, to serve, and to do something that’s bigger than ourselves. I don’t subscribe to the “adults in the room” but let’s be clear even if you do John Bolton is not one of them. It probably doesn’t make sense for a coastal state such as Florida to send a full fledged climate denier to the Senate. Climate change is already happening and caused by human activity. As the ocean gets warmer storms will gain more energy and get larger. No individual storm is caused by climate change, but the likelihood of more and bigger storms is absolutely caused by climate change. Four major recent polls put Trump's approval in the 30s:  CNN: 36/58 (new)  Quinnipiac: 38/54 (new)   WaPo/ABC: 38/60  Kaiser: 37/59  (h/t @DavidWright_CNN) I have figured out who wrote the op ed. His name is “they are going to take your healthcare away and they screwed you on taxes.” Trump also back down to 36% approval - worse than any president over last 64 years. … I mean, he just seems to struggle with the job. No one says “racially charged” who isn’t grasping for a euphemism. … Happy New Year. Shana Tova. Gary Cohn threatening to resign over Trump’s pro-Nazi Charlottesville remarks, but deciding to stay to finish a tax cut bill, really sums up the GOP in 2018.pic.twitter.com/EZsYpzN65o ICYMI, bipartisan lawmakers like @KamalaHarris @OrrinHatch @brianschatz @SenCoryGardner say Sessions has repeatedly avoided their questions about the status of the project. … Hawaii won!pic.twitter.com/CxA2s1hnsx Congratulations to Hawaii, world champions in little league baseball!pic.twitter.com/7Lnm0j7aBM Excellent ⁦@RuthMarcus⁩ piece. She might have added that Rehnquist recused himself from US v Nixon because he had served in the Nixon Admn—BEFORE Watergate. Sessions recused himself. Is the standard for Kavanaugh lower? … .@brianschatz wants VA to recommend medical cannabis   #Hawaiipic.twitter.com/iB5O4lR6Ed Today we will learn Kavanaugh, despite saying foreign spending in our elections is ok, being anti LGBT, thinking the pill is abortion drug, thinking POTUS is above law, won’t recuse, made false statement under oath, is liked by his friends and law clerks. Which is NOT THE POINT. They need to be prepared for them *right now*, and who could make a better foil on this issue than Rick Scott?  … It's starting to feel like the Trump Russia investigation and the Kavanaugh nomination are not competing stories anymore but the same story.pic.twitter.com/acWnGOR7sU All of the so-called smart strategists told us that ACA would be repealed and we won with the help of an extraordinary grassroots effort. Let’s give this everything we’ve got. Thank you so much. Fifth, he’s got a dangerous view of presidential power and immunity that seems to line up perfectly with the Presidents’ expectation that his appointees are loyal to him rather than the country or the law. Fourth, he’s got strange and offensive and retrograde views. For example he called Hawaiian programs “racial spoils” and today seemed to describe the pill as an abortion causing drug. Third, he seems like he’s about 99 percent likely to overturn Roe. Second, we still are only in possession of less than 5 percent of the total records of his public service, which is totally ridiculous, unprecedented and insulting. There are now multiple problems with the Kavanaugh nomination. First, we have at least two instances of the judge saying something that is plainly false while under oath. Judge K is really out of the mainstream on almost every issue and is doing an ineffective job of hiding it. Also, it’s worth repeating: Judiciary Dems are kicking ass. But his emails. Kavanaugh just called birth control "abortion-inducing drugs" in reference to Burwell v Hobby Lobby.  The crux of the dispute in Hobby Lobby was against emergency contraception like Plan B.  Plan B does not cause abortions. It prevents fertilization.pic.twitter.com/uzL9RPY9wm The crisis isn’t Trump. It’s the congressional Republicans protecting him. … SCOTUS nominees should disclose all their documents to the public. Native Hawaiian self determination is not a “racial spoils system.” EPA has the authority to regulate pollution. Women deserve the same liberty and control over their bodies as men. This process is garbage. Vote! Judge Kavanaugh is smart. But his views about the pill are downright Neanderthal. … These are the docs Rs don't want you to see—because they show that Judge Kavanaugh wrongly believes that Native Hawaiian programs are Constitutionally questionable. I defy anyone reading this to be able to conclude that it should be deemed confidential in any way, shape, or form.pic.twitter.com/yj31vDNGia The person who is determining what the public gets to see is a private attorney who worked for W. This process is a mess, and whatever happens to the “Committee Confidential” records, the public and the senate is still not being shown 96 percent of Kavanaugh records. It’s either classified or it’s not. It’s either protected by attorney-client privilege or it’s not. Republicans cannot simply withhold information that is unhelpful or embarrassing. Hey is this legal? … BREAKING: Brett Kavanaugh was asked in 2004 about whether he was involved in the nomination of Bill Pryor. He said “I was not involved in handling his nomination"  Newly released emails show that's not true. Asked about how Pryor's interview went, he replied "CALL ME."pic.twitter.com/63Wb5uY95G What you do matters.   What you say matters.   No matter how big the fight  Or inevitable the conclusion seems  Stand up.  Speak up.  Wrong, temporarily victorious  Is never greater than Right, forever vigilant. I’m proud of Cory Booker. One. Republican. Senator. Could. Change. History. Seems great to me. … I understand public service is difficult, exhausting, and sometimes more complicated than it appears. But I do think it’s time for some folks to quit publicly and explain why. .@senkamalaharris asks if Judge Kavanaugh has discussed Mueller Investigation with anyone at Kasowitz Benson Torres law firm.  #Kavanaugh: "I would like to know the person you're thinking of."  Sen. Harris: "I think you're thinking of someone and you don't want to tell us."pic.twitter.com/pI2XEHNba9 We are all searching for a remedy, as we should. And we should pursue them all with everything we have, in case one of them works. But the main thing is winning elections. 9. This should be a reminder that the real resistance is not among White House officials writing anonymous op-eds or even at John McCain's funeral. The real resistance is in popular organization -- protests, strikes, and electioneering -- aimed at changing the status quo This week feels more overtly angry and paranoid than last week. I know it always feels like the wheels are coming off but it really does feel like the wheels are coming off. Pressed by Blumenthal whether he will recuse from cases involving Trump, Kavanaugh indicates he will not:  "To be consistent with the principle of the independence of the judiciary ... I may not make a commitment” on how he would handle future cases, he says My opinion on the amazing anonymous NY Times op-ed by a Trump staffer is that Brett Kavanaugh, if confirmed, would threaten the health, freedoms, and rights of every American: that Murkowski, Collins, & all Ds should vote against; and that you should call the Senate: 202-224-3121 I can't wait to read the eventual book, I Too Was Secretly Dismayed the Whole Time, Also: A Memoir of Service In case things were not weird enough read this. … Wow Kavanaugh whiffing on Feinstein’s basic question re Nixon case and whether a President can face a criminal investigation. Ducks as “hypothetical” but there are ways to answer that without prejudging future cases Brett Kavanaugh won't answer whether the president has the absolute power to pardon himself.  Kavanaugh won't answer whether the president has the power to pardon someone in exchange for a promise that that person will not testify against the president, calling it a hypothetical. ⊂_ヽ 　 ＼＼ Λ＿Λ 　　 ＼(　ˇωˇ) 　　  /　⌒ 　　/  へ＼ \ 　 / 　/　＼＼    (　ノ　　 ヽ_つ 　 /　/   No one is above the law and that is not obvious to Kavanaugh. 　(　(ヽ 　|　|、 \ 　| 丿 ＼ \ 　| |　　) /  ノ )　　Lﾉ For most professionals the standard is that if you have an actual conflict of interest or the appearance of a conflict, you recuse. Do I have to get a fancy law degree to unlearn what is plain to see, that Kavanaugh should recuse himself on Trump criminal or civil matters? Trump expects loyalty to him, not the constitution. He could have picked others, but only Kavanaugh believes that POTUS is pretty nearly above the law and should be left alone. Today when asked what changed for him since he was a vigorous Clinton investigator, he said "9-11." Finally: Please feel free to trash or ignore my thoughts. It’s just Twitter I’m not trying to fight anyone in the comments. The main thing is we go out there and personally campaign, finish strong and peak in October and November. Thank you. I am not a message guy so here’s my best shot: They are corrupt and ripping you off. They taking away your healthcare, ripped you off with the tax bill, and they are now targeting Medicare Medicaid and social security. I think corruption and how it impacts voters directly is key. Sixth, we gotta welcome Non-Democrats into the coalition - not to determine the future of our Party, but to stand with us. There are principled conservative voters who are struggling with what to do this cycle, and we should welcome them into an alliance. Progressive/welcoming. Fifth, whatever you are currently doing for the cause, pretty soon, it’s time to knock on doors and make phone calls.  We do not need a movement full of pundits and strategists - we need every single body on the street, including pundits and strategists. Fourth, we have to, for the next 65 days, just not fight with each other if it can be avoided. Primaries are over, and everyone behaved pretty great, so let’s just be one team and we can have robust internal debates after the election. As Magic Johnson says “it’s winning time.” Third, we gotta “run into the fire” as it relates to the supposedly tough issues. People want moral clarity. That doesn’t mean that Conor Lambs district is the same as Harley Roudas but it does mean that looking fearful and sounding generic is rarely the path to victory. Second, donors large and small need to spread money around, not just with the famous candidates. R’s invest at all levels, even obscure ones, and drag them across the finish line. Dems fall in love, R’s fall in line, as they say. We gotta cut that out. Every seat matters. First, our candidates are great and they should be trusted. And consultants and strategists should not turn every candidate into a cookie cutter democrat. They have amazing stories, personalities, and personal characteristics. Let them shine. We are now around two months from the most important midterm elections possibly ever. I want to offer some incomplete thoughts on what we might want to focus on. I’ve seen enough. I will vote no. As long as the republicans refuse to release 96 percent of the Kavanaugh records, this process is illegitimate. Every other SCOTUS nominee has turned over nearly everything, and I am now convinced they are hiding something. Everyone following this debacle, here are two things you can do: 1) call your Senator 2) find a campaign and join it. Republicans will only stop behaving like this when it stops working for them. Elections. Have. Consequences. Weak sauce. … We have to assume there’s something in those documents that would cause him to lose votes. Merrick Garland. Republicans complaining about “regular order” while holding back 96 percent of Kavanaugh records is beyond parody. Good for my colleagues making a motion to adjourn. JUST IN: 38% in new @ABC News/WaPo poll say Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh should be confirmed, among the lowest level of support for a high court nominee in polling back to 1987.  pic.twitter.com/sBBm9QaHqi Grassley’s staff now says they’ve already finished reviewing the 42,000 pages of new Kavanaugh docs they got tonight. A Dem aide says that statement ispic.twitter.com/IJqKWJabbX They just transmitted 42,000 documents to the Senate on Kavanaugh and the hearings start tomorrow. Most Senators read around 1,500 pages per hour so all good. I believe this is the first time since Feb that Trump's approval rating in the 538 tracker has dipped below 40%. … Let’s have an ideas festival in which we all knock on doors for democratic candidates. The New Yorker/Bannon flap is different. This time, the Republicans are literally suing in federal court to remove protections for those with pre-existing conditions. “Whoever . . . corruptly or by threats or force, or by any threatening letter or communication, influences, obstructs, or impedes, or endeavors to influence, obstruct, or impede, the due administration of justice, shall be (guilty of an offense).” This week a bipartisan coalition in the Congress is coming together to check the President on his unlawful IM KIDDING VOTE THEM OUT. I mean that last tweet if he were caught on tape saying that it would be front page news so maybe it still is? Hey is this legal I’m not sure this is legal. … There is a lot of talk about overcoming income inequality and a lot of smart and passionate folks developing new policies. I’m with that, and I participate in that. But let’s not outsmart ourselves. To lift working people up, just support unions and collective bargaining . There’s a movie about the moon landing and a growing controversy which Republican Senators are weighing in on. Apparently in this movie the American flag is removed from a scene - which is important because THEY ARE TRYING TO TAKE AWAY YOUR HEALTH CARE. 14. The American elite really thinks they can subtweet their way out of a fascist crisis. It's not so easy, my friends. You can be an independent, or you can be a Republican, but in today’s Congress the Independent Republican is a unicorn. There is no good reason for Kavanaugh to refuse to commit to a recusal on the Trump matter. As a matter of fairness, justice, objectivity and maintaining the people’s confidence in the Court, this isn’t a close call. Others who have used that insidious “enemy of the people” phrase repeatedly: Stalin, Mao, Chavez, Mugabe, Myanmar’s military junta, and Hitler. Quite the rhetorical company for Trump to keep. He’s increasing the risk of journalists getting killed—in the US and abroad. … Thread. … Maybe tech companies will assert themselves against authoritarian behavior but they will probs just discreetly attend WH meetings and give money to both parties in equal amounts.Because tax cuts I suppose. Actually I don’t understand it. It is weird to me that if he said this on a secret recording it would be a huge scandal. But we are told to treat this like nonsense performance art because he says it on a stage. … I swear to God, if either of my children whimpered and whined as much as @realDonaldTrump I would ground them into the next century. People who work for FEMA, for our shipyards, for NOAA, for our parks, in law enforcement are getting screwed while they found a way to shovel hundreds of billions of dollars to Wall Street banks and pharmaceutical companies. … Any democratic organization focusing on TV ads should consider redirecting some of their resources to turning out millennials. Saying “they don’t vote” is a lazy self fulfilling prophecy . … Is someone putting together a summary of all of these guys and their various issues? I literally cannot keep track. … They are coming after Americans now. I repeat, they are coming after Americans now. We cannot assume that they feel constrained by law or morality. … I was honored to be able to pay my respects to Senator McCain and his family in Phoenix today. His legacy of service over self and country over Party will set an example for generations. May his memory be a blessing. Hey. Let’s give some money to @AndrewGillum. Florida is huge and expensive. … When was the last time (besides the Super Bowl) that you paid attention to a television ad? It’s mind boggling that this remains the foundation of political campaigns. … Republicans took the highly personal and confidential  security clearance form from a CIA officer and used it against her in a racists smear campaign. R’s are also disclosing less than 10% of Kavanaugh records. What it comes down to is they don’t think the rules apply to them. Scandal wrap up for last few days: POTUS personally interfering with a federal agency to help his hotel, Nunes running around Europe for POTUS, Paul Ryan’s superpac disclosing a CIA agents SF86 to make racist ad. There’s more - ran out of space - still have to say VOTE THEM OUT Florida has a choice between electing a climate hawk and a climate denier. I’m for @SenBillNelson, who, as an astronaut, understands our basic responsibility to care for the earth, and as a Governor and Senator, knows how much climate change impacts Florida. Reading @AnandWrites new book about how to make social change. One of the most insightful and provocative books about what’s going on in America that I’ve read in years. My favorite part of this work: Trump may have pushed people into running, but he’s not why they’re running. They’re running to make health care more affordable, to pay teachers more, to raise the minimum wage & create jobs & & &. It’s not really about him. … I am so excited about our candidates across the country. From Mayor to state house, from School Board to U.S. Senate, Trump did one good thing - he motivated 1000’s of impressive, decent people to run for office. I’m always proud to be a Democrat but I’m especially fired up now. STACEY ABRAMS AND ANDREW GILLUM COULD BE TWO WHOLE BLACK PROGRESSIVE GOVERNORS IN THE SOUTH AT THE SAME TIME.pic.twitter.com/MuduIJbcR2 The Democratic bench is strong and it’s growing. Know hope. Bring It Home! … Now is a great time for you to get to know @AndrewGillum. Spend some time watching this video and give to his campaign at  . … I’m afraid I’ve lost the plot on the conspiracy theories powering the Republican Party. It’s like a full time job keeping track of these characters. Anyway it wasn’t always this way, and we are probably going to have to throw these people out of office if we want to fix it. Very much looking forward to reading this. … Not everything is a distraction and this is clearly unconstitutional and crazy but this does feel like an attempt to change the subject. … The words of Richard Russell: “I am willing to go as far and make as great a sacrifice to preserve and insure white supremacy in the social, economic, and political life of our state as any man who lives within her borders.”  Richard Russell was a giant of the Senate - and an ardent white supremacist. The move to replace his name on a Senate building with John McCain's is only the latest in a so-far fruitless effort to stamp out the vestiges of Jim Crow on Capitol Hill.  August has been weird and mostly awful in DC but this is the most important issue of the fall. … It is not at all reassuring that the President of the United States googles himself. It is downright alarming that he is alleging it is rigged and should be regulated. “Do not despair of our present difficulties but believe always in the promise and greatness of America, because nothing is inevitable here. Americans never quit. We never surrender.” Thank you Senator McCain. Your words and your deeds gave us all strength. No. I do not. Please give me an F again. … Glad to see that after the North Korea fiasco and the fake European trade “breakthrough" we’re right back to parroting Trump now that he’s pretending to have renegotiated NAFTA. BREAKING: Nation's top official overseeing student loans resigns, citing White House hostility to protecting borrowers. Congratulations to the Trump administration on reaching a preliminary agreement in principle to begin negotiations with half of America's NAFTA counterparties with a view to revising one section of the trade agreement! This is an important tweet because it reminds us that they have a lawsuit to take away protections for people with preexisting conditions! … The next President should be in possession of basic human decency, and the next Congress should be capable of independence. I don’t hate this list. … I hope the next President provides moral leadership. We are going to need an extra dose for a while. Preliminary rainfall measurements from the Big Island of Hawaii over the last four days, associated with former Hurricane #Lane, have produced the third highest storm total rainfall from a tropical cyclone in the US since 1950. Graphic below shows totals for Big Island and Maui.pic.twitter.com/kUmLFv5TNb “Humble! Stay humble!” — Honolulu manager Gerald Oda’s first words to his team after winning it all today. … Congratulations to Hawaii for winning the Little League World Series! You make America very proud.  … WE WON! Congratulations to Hawai`i for winning the International World Series Championships on behalf of the USA!  Let’s go Hawai`i!  … Just remembered that when Dan Inouye gave a scheduled floor speech about the attack on Pearl Harbor on the 60th anniversary, almost no senators showed up.  McCain was there.  John McCain cared deeply about relationships between members of both parties, about legislating, and about finding a way to govern. We  miss him in the Senate chamber, casting his long shadow, with moral clarity, whenever he spoke. We just lost a statesman and a hero when there are so few around. His was a life of service, and a life well lived. May his memory be a blessing. YES! So happy for these kids, this coaching staff. Tomorrow is gonna be great fun. Congratulations to Hawaii’s team. …  Harbors update: Hilo and Kawaihae have been assessed and have been reopened for normal operations as of 3 pm today. We are continuing to work with the Coast Guard and our shipping partners to open the other commercial harbors. #AlohaStrong #HurricaneLane #HIGov #HurricaneLane has weakened to a Tropical Storm, and the hurricane warning on O'ahu has been similarly downgraded to a tropical storm warning. Heavy rainfall and flash flooding from #Lane still pose a threat to O'ahu residents. We will continue to monitor the status of the storm.pic.twitter.com/n7n2EMQVHI @DOTHawaii Is asking people to stay off the roads and avoid uneccesary travel. Crews are clearing debris on Likelike before Kahekili #HIwx #hitraffic #HurricaneLane Just got off call w/federal agencies. Upshot: every island still experiencing or will experience catastrophic weather. We are still at the beginning of this event. Because it is slowing down the impacts are likely delayed but will last longer. Please remain ready and safe. Thank you, Senator @brianschatz. The @FCC has activated its Disaster Information Reporting System, continues to monitor situation in the islands, and stands ready to assist should communications networks be impaired. We stand with the people of #Hawaii. … Sending all our support, appreciation, admiration, and aloha to @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain @cindymccain during this time. In my first few years in the Senate, every time I interacted with Senator McCain I would call my dad to tell him about it. He is a giant. The hurricane is moving only two miles per hour. That means that it’s basically parking itself next to the islands, making dangerous flooding likely. The next 24 hours are key. Please be safe, and stay where you are. #HurricanLane The National Weather Service, FEMA, DOD, FCC, FDOT, Coast Guard, and other federal agencies have been sharp and aggressive in their mobilization. We are only about halfway through this, and it’s already catastrophic, but the federal response has been more than solid. Big mahalo to first responders across Hawai`i, from Maui County firefighters in west Maui to emergency crews in Hilo. They are working hard and taking real risks while leaving their own families at home. If you lose power due to Hurricane #Lane: - Keep freezers & refrigerators closed - Turn off or disconnect appliances, equipment, & electronics to avoid damage from power surges - Throw away any food exposed to temps of 40+ degrees for 2 or more hours - Only use generators outsidepic.twitter.com/9yZPixcFc5 .@StarAdvertiser reader Emme Furuya provided this amazing footage of flood water at Pi’ihonua Bridge in Kaumana on the Big Island today. To follow all our coverage, head to  . #HurricaneLane #Lane #BigIslandpic.twitter.com/V0mlm6UZMy as a famous boxer once said “everyone has a plan until they get hit in the mouth” so I’m not overconfident in our preparedness. Feel free to share resources in the comments, weather it be satellite images science stuff or civil defense resources. Hang in there. So please prepare and stay at your place. On the government side, coordination between agencies seems good, communication with the public is frequent and clear, and resources are mobilized. So far, I feel confident, but I just arrived on Oahu  - I was expecting a long week in DC, but decided yesterday that I had to get home as soon as possible for Lane. I encourage all of you to take this very seriously. Folks are asking me how bad it could get. No one knows for sure but this is a major event. This is awesome. So proud of these kids and impressed by this coach. … Emergency sirens will sound at 4 pm. Please shelter in place when possible, or with friends and family. Use shelters as a last resort.   More info:  … Everything under the house. pic.twitter.com/xUmuFcyf88 Hurricane Lane is the biggest weather threat to Hawaii in decades  pic.twitter.com/YNmOgiCBFg 4 rain gauges with over a foot of rain on the Big Island in the last 24 hours, highest is now closing in on 17 inches of rain. #hiwx #HurricaneLane Thank you to the Army Corps. … A prolonged period of heavy rainfall is expected in Hawaii with Hurricane Lane. Here are the impacts of 10-20 inches of rainfall combined with the effects of terrain.  Follow the advice & evacuation orders from your local officials! Never walk or drive through flood waters!pic.twitter.com/3aBzREXD6E I recommend you take everything you can off your lanai tonight. Everything. Secure loose objects in your yard. Bring all of it inside. Start charging up your spare batteries. #hiwx #HurricaneLane #BREAKING: Hurricane warnings are now in effect for the island of Oahu as well as Hawaii and Maui counties.  …pic.twitter.com/XBLx801tf7 O’ahu Hurricane Lane Evacuation Shelter List for Hurricane #Lane. Please shelter in place if safe and when possible - our shelters are intended to be a last resort option for residents and visitors without safer options to use at their own risk.pic.twitter.com/KQDSmgPiRu Had a call w/federal emergency agencies. This storm is quite serious, and current track shows severe rain, wind, and wave impacts, for each island. The federal, state and county governments are mobilized. Please take care of yourself, your ohana, and your home ASAP. Pet Friendly Shelters also open in #Maui at 2PM: Maui High School (Pet Friendly) 660 Lono Ave, Kahului, HI 96732 Lokelani Intermediate School (Pet Friendly) 1401 Liloa Dr, Kihei, HI 96753 Lanai High and Elementary (Pet Friendly) 555 Fraser Ave, Lanai City, HI 96763 The view of Hurricane Lane from the International Space Station Wednesday morning. Photo: NASA Astronaut Ricky Arnold #Hurricane #Lanepic.twitter.com/P0mDeRalgR A rare and sobering sight tonight in the Central Pacific, as Hurricane #Lane becomes only the 6th recorded Category 5 hurricane in this part of the Pacific, and the nearest to #Hawaii a Cat 5 hurricane has ever been observed. #hiwxpic.twitter.com/d8zLbVKjad 5pm: Powerful Hurricane #Lane continues moving closer to the Hawaiian Islands.  A Hurricane Warning has been issued for the Big Island, a Hurricane Watch continues for Maui County. A Hurricane Watch has been issued for Honolulu County. Please monitor   #hiwxpic.twitter.com/E7cvcBUJ2g The CPHC has issued a Hurricane Warning for HI County. A Hurricane Warning is issued when hurricane conditions of damaging winds, damaging surf, & flooding rains are possible within 36 hours. A high surf warning is also in effect for S facing shores. Additional info to follow. Tomorrow would be a super time to pass the Mueller Protection legislation. Culture. Of. Corruption. Hey do me a personal favor and don’t vote third party this year.  Every Democratic challenger running for office should now include some version of “vote for me because I’m against the corrupt establishment” in their pitch to voters. This #hurricane threat to #Hawaii is real and significant. Don’t assume we’ll catch a break like so many times before. #Lane might not weaken as fast as forecast. Its core might not pass offshore. Prepare for direct hit, and life-threatening water and wind even if not direct hit. Republicans in Congress have a stark moral and political choice in front of them. Do they stand with corruption, or against it? It is not at all unreasonable given corruption on display, to delay consideration of this Supreme Court nominee at least until the public and the Senate can see all the documents from his professional life. This situation is getting more serious. There is still a fair amount of uncertainty in the forecast models but please get prepared. … Growing concern over direct impacts to #Hawaii from Hurricane #Lane. Prepare now for wind damage, power outages & flooding. This could be the 1st landfalling hurricane in Hawaii in 26 years(Iniki). I'll report live from Honolulu beginning Thurs. #hiwxpic.twitter.com/vm6sGtiHFr FLASH FLOOD WATCH - MAUI COUNTY Wednesday morning through Friday   Our Watch/Warning/Advisory map is looking very colorful this morning! Be sure to check   to find out what watches, warnings, or advisories are impacting your location this morning. #hiwxpic.twitter.com/B8enVyR6Lz Law abiding people don’t need a fixer and we should fight asthma, not cause it. DC Republicans are deliberately moving forward with a policy that their own experts say will cause thousands of premature deaths, and tens of thousands of people to get asthma. There are not two sides to this one - it’s just the polluters vs the rest of us. Here is an extraordinary/blunt admission from Trump-era EPA: between 470 & 1,400 people in the US will die prematurely EVERY year, starting by abt 2030, as a result of the new power plant rule the EPA is releasing today. @LFFriedman … The government figured out that their insane new plan for polluters will cause "between 470 and 1,400 premature deaths annually by 2030" and "48,000 new cases of exacerbated asthma and at least 21,000 new missed days of school annually” BUT THEY ARE DOING IT ANYWAY. Looks like the interagency process is being executed to perfection. … A total moral collapse nicely summarized. Rejecting an American hero John McCain and campaigning with a nut @Cernovich.  Well done. … I needed this one. … Hey I don’t want to demagogue cutting social security and Medicare but R’s are literally saying they have to do it to pay for tax cuts.  … I agree. … Combine this historically bad idea with a uniquely expansive view of executive authority and some good old fashioned graft and this could get unthinkably bad in a hurry. … HAPPENING NOW: Hawaii scores 6 runs in bottom of the 2nd to take lead from Michigan in second round of Little League World Series. Game is live on KITV.pic.twitter.com/JsEcGcjaCm I know the planet is warming but I do think it’s time for another profile of Trump voters. SIREN — Hard to overstate the jaw-dropping nature of this scoop by @nytmike and @maggieNYT. The WH counsel, fearing he was being set up by the president, is a cooperating witness against @realDonaldTrump in the obstruction case. Just wow. … Stoked to paddle in the Na Koa Wounded Warriors canoe race, once I change shirts.pic.twitter.com/YeRWcva5Vq Maybe he backs off and this is just misdirection or whatever. All the same I think it’s best people get their marching shoes ready. The VA should not be privatized. Every Supreme Court Justice should disclose all of his or her papers. Witness tampering is illegal and wrong. Canada is great. Trade is mostly good. The problem in not that financial services companies are too tightly regulated. VOTE! Count me in Mark. … I hope every American will read this and wonder why we need such a resolution in the year 2018.  It passed by unanimous consent today in the US Senate.  Thank you Sen. @brianschatz! #wearenottheenemy #realnews #notfakenews #factsfirst #freedomofthepress  … .@StarAdvertiser: Schatz resolution affirms press ‘is not the enemy of the people’ … Senate unanimously affirms resolution that the press is "not the enemy of the people" … I see the RNC is experiencing a lot of economic anxiety today. Admiral Bill McRaven commanded the raid that killed bin Laden. Now he writes: Revoke my security clearance, too, Mr. President … CSPAN. Right now. Important hearing on unaccompanied children. Doing my job. … Unanimously adopted today. … The United States Senate just unanimously rebuked President Trumps’ “enemy of the people” attacks. … Exchange between Sen. @brianschatz & @AjitPaiFCC over a previous claim by the @FCC that the agency was the victim of a cyberattack (DDoS). Full video here:  pic.twitter.com/Hxxj7MHRO2 Your healthcare is on the ballot. The rule of law is on the ballot. Civil Rights are on the ballot. The power of corporations vs. the power of people is on the ballot. Climate change is on the ballot. Keeping us safe from gun violence is on the ballot. All hands on deck. Please. Flashback: Bob Corker in July on revoking security clearances.  "When you're going to start taking retribution against people who are your political enemies ... that's the kind of thing that happens in Venezuela."  "It's a banana republic kind of thing." … Former CIA director John Brennan is on with @NicolleDWallace saying he’s seen security clearances revoked by foreign despots, but “I never, ever thought that I would see it here in the United States.” This action is part of a broader effort by Mr. Trump to suppress freedom of speech & punish critics.  It should gravely worry all Americans, including intelligence professionals, about the cost of speaking out. My principles are worth far more than clearances. I will not relent. … Is it just me or is it getting kind of autocratic in here? Breaking: DNI Coats - the nation’s senior-most Intelligence official - was NOT consulted on Trump decision to revoke Fmr CIA Director John Brennan’s security clearance - a source with knowledge tells me. There are going to be TONS of furrowed brows among congressional Republicans. Major furrowing. Historic furrowing. The Presidency has extraordinary powers. So when we see Trump revoke the security clearance of someone who is speaking out against him, the question isn’t if he has authority to do it. The real question is this: Is the President abusing power? Trump also is reviewing security clearances of James Clapper, James Comey, Michael Hayden, Sally Yates, Susan Rice, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.   What do they have in common? They're political critics of Trump. Looks like a Trump blacklist. After today's changes, @CookPolitical rates 37 GOP-held seats as Toss Ups or more vulnerable (Lean/Likely Dem), nearly double the 20 we counted in January. … The most fascinating thing about this Omarosa story is that the people of Flint, MI have gone without clean water for 1,569 days. If we took everything that is already happening out in the opening and put it on a secret recording would that help? This changes our race, but not what Martin is fighting for. He’s still working to build a New Mexico for all — but he needs your help more than ever. Contribute today →   #nmpol  The untold story of Trump is what they are trying to do to VA. While we have rightly increased funding, they have tried to privatize, put unqualified people in charge, run it “like a business,” and gut oversight of lending. It’s a shame, and we need to start telling this story. He is coming directly after vets by lessening safeguards. Some big corporations profit from ripping off our vets, and Trump/Mulvaney making it worse. A true outrage and we need to fight it! … .@kwelkernbc: "Can you stand at the podium and guarantee the American people they'll never hear Donald Trump utter 'the n word' on a recording, in any context?"  Sarah Sanders: "I can't guarantee anything... I can tell you I've never heard it."pic.twitter.com/rSDj4ctA5a HUGE WIN! Ty Sen @brianschatz for helping level the playing field. @CommonApp  "The applicants who'll benefit most are the ones for whom higher ed tends to be out of reach: low-income students of color, a demo disproportionately rep'd in the cj system." … I’m not pretending that this Omarosa thing isn’t interesting. I spent ten minutes reading about it this morning. But the planet is warming. This matters because there is a powerful political movement that is going to transform the country. It’s grassroots, well funded, and being put together on the fly by people who feel an obligation to save the country. That’s what is up in 18. “A certain group of Americans had not changed their mind about a political thing” is not an issue worthy of continued coverage like there are multiple dimensions to it. They should devote some feature length articles to millennials and moms and veterans and people of color and students and scientists. … I will start caring about Omarosa when she releases the recording of a meeting where Trump discussed giving the wealthy a massive tax cut and paying for part of it by jacking up premiums on middle and working class Americans. Trump Job Approval: Approve 39% (-2); Disapprove 56% (+2). Get the full trend  . The state Office of Elections says at least six polling places are still open across the state. … Office of Elections needs to wait for all polls to close before releasing 1st printout, rough ETA: 7 p.m. 55% mail-in on Oahu, nearly all mail-in neighbor islands, all early walk-in votes statewide - roughly 165,000 votes, highest turnout in recent years. #HIvote This is thoughtful.  But I believe Trump is the defining political question of this time so while he can distract us from other deeper issues he is often the main thing. … It’s Primary Day in Hawaii. Please vote!pic.twitter.com/KrkOVedXQ2 My view of Avennatti in Iowa is that the Republicans are polluting our air and water and taking away our healthcare while undermining our standing around the world, and making climate change worse. NEW: @SenWarren & @brianschatz ask VA inspector general & GAO to investigate VA Shadow Rulers  LETTERS:  …  … STORY:  …pic.twitter.com/N1L6BJuUBU I’m hoping the legal community is crowdsourcing this? It’s kind of a rush job. … U.S. bombs. U.S. targeting. U.S. mid air support.  And we just bombed a SCHOOL BUS.   The Saudi/UAE/U.S. bombing campaign is getting more reckless, killing more civilians, and strengthening terrorists inside Yemen. We need to end this - NOW. … I am not sure we need a poll for that. … Great news!  The @CommonApp will no longer ask students if they have a criminal record. Questions like these create barriers to higher ed for people impacted by the drug war.  Kudos to @brianschatz and @SenatorDurbin and all who worked on this.  I just voted for Democrats and that’s all I’m going to say.pic.twitter.com/iHJH1JX6Yg Hawaii to receive funding to remove more than a ton of debris from coastlines  pic.twitter.com/A0LtOKP7UC Maybe we should rename Medicaid Expansion “Space Force” and we could save lives. Space Force is a silly but dangerous idea. Medicaid expansion is not silly or dangerous. We should do the second one. Vote! Thanks to @CommonApp for responding to our calls to ban the box. This will help to restore hope and opportunity for people with criminal records who want to improve their lives through education. Today I’m going to send some money to Nate Mcmurray who is running against Chris Collins. Feel free to pile on a bit.  The VP just announced a new military branch -  a “Space Force,” because no R is willing to tell POTUS it’s a dumb idea. Although “Space Force” won’t happen, it’s dangerous to have a leader who cannot be talked out of crazy ideas. Elect D’s to check POTUS power. This is pretty aggressively offensive. … On the one hand, this person is an actual R nominee for the Senate. On the other hand the “left” has candidates who (checks notes) want everyone to have healthcare and a livable wage. … i think we should vote out all republicans until we can figure out what the hell is going on here Irresponsible and unfair hyperbole … This recent Omarosa News reminds me that they are literally trying to take your health care away. I think the media is doing extraordinary work under crazy circumstances but I think if they were covering DC like it were a foreign government they would be more likely to use phrases like “notoriously corrupt” and “historically unpopular” to describe the party in power. I am not clever enough to make a “drain the swamp” pun/retort so I will just say wow these guys are so corrupt and the only remedy is to throw them out of office. Asbestos shouldn’t be legal. Cars should be fuel efficient. We have a right to clean air and water. Our national parks and monuments should be held in trust for future generations. Also insider trading is bad. Please vote for Democrats in November. A Russian asbestos producer with ties to Putin is stamping crates of asbestos with Trump’s face to thank him and Scott Pruitt for keeping asbestos legal in the U.S.  yep that's cool everything is fine  …pic.twitter.com/7QcwtCAp34 .@RepChrisCollins (R-NY) on tax reform: "My donors are basically saying, 'Get it done or don’t ever call me again.'" Hey let’s send this guy some money and please retweet. … Unions are the best institutional counterweight that we have, over the longest period of time, on behalf of regular people. Congratulations on a huge victory. This is enormously important for the labor movement and for the people of Missouri. … I’m pretty sure we just go for both. … Trump’s EPA is bringing back asbestos, making cars less fuel efficient, and Trump himself just said a very weird and unscientific thing about CA wildfires. This the worst administration in modern history for our environment. We need a Dem Congress for the sake of the planet. .@GarrettHaake: I'm hearing from Republicans and conservative Dems who may have voted for Republicans like John Kasich  in the past, but they cannot get behind Donald Trump and they can't get behind his version of Washington. #AMR "Between 2007 and 2016, the average wealth of the top one percent increased by $4.9 million at the same time as the wealth of the median family declined by $42,000" … The Trump administration is attacking legal immigrants next. So much for the pretense that it's just about following the law.  …pic.twitter.com/bi2fZ4P0Ek Millions of Americans wrote the @FCC to comment on its misguided effort to roll back #NetNeutrality and overwhelmed its online comment system. The @FCC claimed it was a DDoS attack. And now the agency's Inspector General says what we knew all along--this claim was bogus.pic.twitter.com/iTNMrrBTRv Wow, a federal judge just struck down New Orlean’s money bail system saying it violates equal protection and due process. Please check the comments below if you are looking for candidates to help. … Yup. D’s should build substance and inspire people but there’s nothing wrong with “throw those bums out.” … November is coming. … I know there’s a lot of other stuff going on but if this happened it’s a real scandal. … Follow everyone on this thread and donate if you can … Hey what other US House Democratic challengers are not on the radar but should be? In the richest country in human history people should be able to afford medicine, housing, and education. These are problems related to policy and politics, not unsolvable riddles. Nobody calls your campaign from a foreign country with oppo. Tariffs are taxes. Climate change is getting worse but still solvable. Merrick Garland. People like having healthcare. We shouldn’t privatize the VA. Women should have control over their bodies. NATO is good. NATO DEFENSE COMMITMENTS ARE NOT DUES AND TARIFFS ARE NOT TAXES ON FOREIGNERS THEY ARE TAXES ON AMERICAN CONSUMERS HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO SAY THESE THINGS.pic.twitter.com/XL8xfzWCk5 Hey not a lawyer confessions via twitter are admissible right? Let’s get it kids!! Love you guys … Does he know that we pay the tariffs? As we discuss the Lebron James tweet it is absolutely essential to remember that children are still separated from their parents, and the Republicans are suing to take away protections for people with pre-existing health conditions. In uncharacteristically blunt language, a federal judge said it's "just unacceptable" that only 12 or 13 parents out of close to 500 who have been deported have been located thus far. … I’m with @sarahjeong. Enjoy your weekend. You can butcher our poke but LEAVE THE SPAM MUSUBI ALONE. … If something newsworthy happens at a Trump rally, by all means report it. But at this point there is literally no justification for covering it like it’s continuous breaking news. The #NDAA approved yesterday includes a measure to extend commissary and exchange privileges to more veterans  … @brianschatz, @JohnBoozman introduced. There’s a lot of very fortunate people feeling sorry for themselves nowadays has it always been like that? This is a deeply dangerous thing for a powerful person to say. … They will lose in court, and in the meantime American automakers should produce increasingly fuel efficient cars. … ACA premiums would probably be going down next year if the Trump administration and congressional Republicans had simply left it alone. … This is not a left/right thing. This is a right/wrong thing. If you don’t get that, you need to get that. This is pretty much the same.  Except one President is trying to restrict voting and one likes mustard. So, same. Except for the disenfranchisement.  … This is the best thing I’ve seen on the Internet. … It doesn’t matter what you think about the size of government. If you believe in the rule of law at all, this year is the year to stand up in a broad coalition to preserve our democratic institutions. If congress won’t do it (they will not) then citizens must rise up in November. The President is calling on his AG to stop Mueller. Today we should pass the Mueller Protection bill by unanimous consent. If this were any kind of functioning separate and coequal branch of government we would have this done by dinner. From his own words, we know Judge Kavanaugh believes that a sitting president should not be criminally investigated or indicted. His statements here are another indication that he views this matter in constitutional terms & not just as a policy preference. … We are ready for this. … Cory and I have spoken about this and I was less worried then. It’s now clear that Kavanaugh has a strong view on this, and it may come to a head soon. … With this junk insurance plan rollout the Republicans continue an all-out attack on your healthcare. And the reason they are doing a deeply unpopular and unfair thing to their own citizens is unfathomable to me other than residual Obama resentment. We have no equivalent to the dark carnival that is a trump rally. This is not a thing on the left. We just argue about healthcare and climate and sometimes relitigate 2016 but we are not actually out of our minds. The cruelty is the purpose of the policy; it is not a byproduct. … The thing about the 2020 race is that the most important election in my lifetime is happening in 100 days. Shelby on Trump's latest shutdown threat: "It’s mind-boggling to me that anybody would say well, we’re going to shut down the government if I don’t get my way.” … How are we supposed to come up with weeks of tedious hand wringing about who’s *really* responsible for the shutdown this fall when Trump’s taking credit for it so far in advance? Please advise. As Republican leaders continue to insist that we are not headed for a shutdown ... … Via @latimes op-ed from Senator @brianschatz: "The separation of children from their parents at the Southwest border is not simply a policy that has resulted in immeasurable harm, but a policy designed to inflict it." More here:   #FamiliesBelongTogether The rich don’t need another tax cut. Kids are still separated from their moms. Collusion may not be a crime but conspiracy is. People who get sick should not go bankrupt. Nobody needs to print a %#& gun. Are we still doing “but her emails?” Because I haven’t done one and I want to. Rich Uncle Pennybags is having a nice couple of years. … Im also for opportunity, fairness, diversity, clean air, choice, education, infrastructure, and peace. But you know what? It is ok to be absolutely determined to vote, organize, donate, and generally kick butt because we are against what is happening. It is common to criticize D’s for being against, rather than for, things. But I am against jailing children. I am against taking away healthcare. I am against government the transferring  wealth upward. I’m against oppression. I’m against corruption. I’m against pollution. Our message is THEY ARE RIPPING YOU OFF. … Just say working class. No need to specify ethnic extraction. I mean my thing is if he didn’t operate the computer himself it’s probably fine. Trump threatens again to shut down federal government over border-wall funding … This is more  than usual. … It is not a logistical, technical, or legal problem to just make all files available from Kavanaugh’s public service. It’s literally the way it’s always been done. The Internet is made for a moment like this. Let the public read them before he gets a lifetime appointment. It you combine the promise to shut down the government with the child separation policy and eliminating protections for pre-existing conditions, this really puts the Democrats in a bind (is what the pundits will say but you should ignore them and just organize for November.) Are we gonna spend September trying to figure out which party is shutting the government down even though they run all branches of government, or are we going to remember that the President literally announced that he wants to do it? The people deserve to see every document related to Kavanaugh’s public service. Between National Archives and Bush Library, they have them. If they refuse to provide what they have, they are likely hiding something specific. Otherwise just upload a PDF and let the public see!  … 12 of my Democratic colleagues & I read a letter written by 54 parents being detained at the Port Isabel Detention Center. The separation of families at the border is not simply a policy that has resulted in immeasurable harm, but a policy designed to inflict it. It is immoral.pic.twitter.com/zlNqBopNx3 .@brianschatz for the @latimes: “The separation of children from their parents at the Southwest border is not simply a policy that has resulted in immeasurable harm, but a policy designed to inflict it.” … One year ago Republicans tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but they haven't stopped attacking protections for people with pre-existing conditions.   I teamed up with @CoryBooker & @brianschatz to break down what's at stake & why we need your help to fight back.pic.twitter.com/qr2IVHnDrn Kids are still in cages after yesterday’s deadline to reunite families, and many more have been separated by deportations. @brianschatz explains in @latimes. #FamiliesBelongTogether  One thing you can do about this outrage is send Claire money. … I wrote a piece for the @latimes about cruelty as policy, and family separation. … 'Everything I've done my whole life led up to that moment,' says globe-trotting surfer who rides a wave off coast of Namibia for nearly a mile.  Driving down the price of our own farm products then borrowing money from China to make up the difference might be Republican but it isn’t conservative. Do it. … So we pick a fight with China and then the price of soy beans goes down. Because the product is now cheaper, Europe may be willing to buy this product at the new discount. So we’ve driven the price of our own stuff down. American farmers are going to be tired of winning. In the next few weeks the Mueller probe is going to solve all of our THAT IS NOT HOW IT IS GOING TO WORK YOU GOTTA VOTE. VOTE. THEM. OUT. … Michelle Goldberg is a genius: "In November several outright Nazis & white supremacists will appear on Republican ballot lines. [T]he time has come for a serious national conversation & political insiders across the land are asking: Has the Democratic Party become too extreme?"pic.twitter.com/ThT7ZqmAkR These tariffs are not just harmful, they are an insult. Farmers don’t want a handout or a bailout, they want to sell their products. A bailout is expensive and cannot be sustained. This diminishes our leverage & will cause us to lose markets, and as a result farms, permanently. I was shocked on the Cohen tape to hear that the President is systematically trying to undermine health coverage for people with pre-existing conditions. Senate about to vote on this @brianschatz amendment calling for report on Interior facilities damaged by recent volcanic eruptions.  …pic.twitter.com/iaHsnEa45B Trump is raising taxes on stuff you buy, and putting farms and factories out of business. Also your healthcare will either not be available or cost 20 percent more. Their policies are so bad for average Americans it’s no wonder they want to talk about MS13. .@CoryBooker & @BrianSchatz Call on Secretary Ross to Come Before Congress to Clarify Remarks on Census Citizenship Question:  … 1) It’s just one poll and 2) We haven’t had it confirmed by anecdotal reporting from any diners. … This is the weakest legislative branch in many generations. Just totally terrified of doing anything at all, let alone showing any independence. Never seen anything like it. Cannot remember reading anything like it (in the United States.) There is a bipartisan consensus that Trumps’ trade policy is nuts and kind of soviet. But the R’s control the Congress and they will not push back. They consider it “counterproductive” to behave like a separate and co-equal branch of government. Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) tells @burgessev and me outside GOP lunch that $12 billion in trade assistance to farmers from Trump administration "this is becoming more and more like a Soviet-type of economy here" with "commissars" sprinkling around benefits. So we are going to hammer farmers through bad trade policy and then borrow 12 billion dollars for a temporary bailout? This is next-level bananas. I would like for the next President to understand economics. The latest Quinnipiac poll -- conducted entirely after Helsinki (July 18-23) -- has Trump's job rating at 38% approve, 58% disapprove I know a cheaper way to fix this. … When Ronald Reagan said "if it moves, tax it... if it stops moving, subsidize it" he was complaining about what he saw as the Democratic approach to the economy, not making a policy recommendation. … This is very dumb and unnecessary policy. Former Republicans are welcome to join our coalition. … "Lock Her Up!" chant breaks out as Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaks at @tpusa Student Leadership Summit. Sessions says the phrase once.  Full video here:  pic.twitter.com/5BzGK1c2Xy Every Republican voted for Jeff Sessions. How is any platform @facebook @YouTube @Twitter comfortable hosting content from this man? … Tariffs are taxes that we pay. Pew had some good data on this last year. About ~10% of Republicans left the GOP between late '15 and early '17. Of those, only *16%* approve of Trump. Another ~10% of former Rs waver back and forth on if they identify as GOP and they're lukewarm on Trump.  pic.twitter.com/Zvbrs2PmBf Basically, the headlines about Trump approval being super high among Republicans imply there are a core group of voters who *never* desert Trump. But that isn't necessarily the case. Party identification is fluid. Trump approvers will join the party; disapprovers will leave. I'd argue that a decline from ~28/29% of voters identifying as Republican to ~25/26% is not trivial, especially given that 28/29% is not too high to begin with. I'd also guess that those ex-Republicans have pretty lukewarm feelings on Trump. … Quick! We need strategists to save us from these very popular ideas articulated by a young person! … The media should stop describing what the President does in tactical and political terms and start describing it in legal, historical, societal terms. I can do my own political analysis. The old “this is what he does!” or “this just might work!” is not an insight. This doesn’t seem very libertarian. … NBC/WSJ poll showing no R erosion is notable, but so is this: Indie voters prefer Ds in Congress by 20, and Trump job approve among Indies = 36/58 including 46 STRONG disapprove. As one smart R strategist said to me earlier this year...(1/2) The President threatening a catastrophic war and then not doing it doesn’t count as foreign policy success. But obviously him going through with it would be a lot worse. Trump has repeatedly depicted war with Iran an something a president would do for domestic political gain.  Here are four examples pic.twitter.com/JdR1qM0BM8 I occasionally remind people that this tweet from 2011 exists. It's what Trump thought a president in political peril would do … Where are the children? No, seriously, this isn’t a slogan. Where are they? They ripped these kids from their parents and only 50 out of 3000 have been reunited. This is not over just because the President is making all caps threats to Iran. Amazing rally today in Huntington Beach w/ @tedlieu and several hundred of the best volunteers in the nation.  We are fired up and ready to #FlipThe48th !pic.twitter.com/MRh7ImZV5E So many people giving so much good advice. Has Ari Fleischer weighed in? Because I would like to do the opposite. Hey what does Joe Lieberman think the Democrats should do? Youth voter registration went up 41% in Florida after Parkland  … @davidhogg111 Maybe its not that he doesn’t know what happened but that he knows exactly what happened. Almost done with my 75,000 word essay on the reaction to the reaction to @maggieNYT's decision to scale back her twitter presence. Once done I will fire it directly into the sun. This coalition to take the country back is going to take all kinds - including principled conservatives. Everyone is welcome. But people are marching on the street not just for restoring normalcy but for positive change. There is nothing extreme about wanting everyone to have health care and education, preventing the planet from warming up, or making sure our government doesn’t rip kids from their moms. Only in DC are those ideas “far left.” They are actually very reasonable and popular! Trump says his campaign was spied upon illegally, offers no evidence  I’m not sure why a well respected news organization would just amplify a lie like this. 280 characters provides you plenty of room to add the words “falsely,” “without evidence,” or whatever you want. … Anytime any Republican tries to run on tax cuts, this is what you say. But, most of them are gonna run on some sort of cocktail of MAGA MS-13 Pelosi Soros. … This. A politician having majority support within his own party is not newsworthy. A politician causing people to quit identifying as a member of that party is. A politician causing the other party to grow is. A politician losing independent voters is. … “From my trip to the border, one thing is abundantly clear: We are at a moment of moral crisis in America.” — Sen. @CoryBooker  Republican TV ads are gonna be so weird because they cannot talk about anything that’s actually happening. I’m glad the President is talking about the NFL again because it gives everyone another chance to consider the fact that House R’s voted to cut Medicaid and Medicare by $1.5 trillion, and Trump is suing to gut protections for the sick, and driving up insurance prices on purpose. We build our future on a platform of issues anchored in our values. @JohnFasoNy is not about the future. He has a mindset that is of the past. The way he thinks about the world is not going to generate ideas for the future, which is what we need now. His record shows this. #NY19pic.twitter.com/JQ2cr8D2TM TIGER WOODS IS TIED FOR THE LEAD ON SATURDAY AT THE 147TH OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP  The single most important thing you can do to change our country and make things better is VOTE. Visit   to register. … Kids in cages. … I would just like to say health care health care. Health care. … It’s actually Friday right? Ken Harbaugh: (OH-07): @Team_Harbaugh Betsy Rader: (OH-14): @BetsyRaderOH Lizzie Fletcher:  (TX-07): @Lizzie4Congress Gina Ortiz Jones: (TX-23): @GinaOrtizJones Abigail Spanberger: (VA-07): @SpanbergerVA07 Jennifer Wexton: (VA-10): @JenniferWexton Lisa Brown: @lisa4congress Elissa Slotkin (MI-08):  @ElissaSlotkin Angie Craig: (MN-02): @AngieCraigMN Dan McCready: (NC-09): @McCreadyForNC Andy Kim: (NJ-03): @AndyKimNJ Xochitl Torres Small (NM-02): @XochforCongress Antonio Delgado: (NY-19): @DelgadoforNY19 Aftab Pureval: (OH-1): @AftabPureval Harley Rouda (CA-48): @HarleyRouda Jason Crow (CO-06): @JasonCrowCO6 Cindy Axne: (IA-03): @Axne4Congress Sean Casten: (IL-06): @SeanCasten Lauren Underwood (IL-14): @LUnderwood630 Liz Watson (IN-09): @LizForIndiana Amy McGrath (KY-06): @AmyMcGrathKY Today, I’m giving to House candidates. We need to flip 24 seats, so I’m cutting checks to the following 25 people. Feel free to match! Josh Harder (CA-10):  @joshua_harder Katie Hill (CA-25): @KatieHill4CA Gil Cisneros (CA-39): @GilCisnerosCA Katie Porter (CA-45): @katieporteroc New: Senator @brianschatz is really, definitely (seriously) not running for president. But that doesn't he mean he hasn't already started subtly shaping the 2020 race.   (@nymag) President Trump is spoiling for escalation. And China is ready to retaliate and out-wait America. Here’s why it could be even worse than you think. … Activism matters. Raising your voice about policies that affect human lives—it can change those policies and affect those lives. Nearly half a million Kentuckians just got back their vision and dental coverage because people refused to give up. … Or we could make this available to everyone though something called public policy. Which is what the Congress does when - oh never mind just vote this year please. … Late October would be great for us. … #BREAKING: Senate overwhelmingly passes resolution warning Trump not to let Putin question Americans  pic.twitter.com/LMkXIRSzR1 You know, it's crazy, another popular Republican president was Reagan who was Ronald and I'm Donald and they both have the "onald" sound. Just hit me like a lightning bolt. I like ketchup. My ear itches. … NEW: The GOP-led Senate just effectively REBUKED President Trump for considering Russia's request to question US officials. Senate voted 98-0 to adopt resolution calling on US to refuse to make any officials available to Putin's govt. First official action since Helsinki summit. The White House didn't reject the Putin proposal outright, which led to Hill outrage/the drafting by @SenSchumer @brianschatz @SenatorMenendez of the resolution. @PressSec has since said Pres.Trump "disagrees" with the idea, which "was made in sincerity by President Putin." Today the Senate rejected a racist judge and affirmed that America shouldn’t turn over Americans to the Russian government. It’s not like we passed the Civil Rights Act but still not bad. They seem very confident in their tax cut message. … The Senate will also vote today on resolution from @SenSchumer @brianschatz @SenatorMenendez - stating it is the sense of Congress that the U.S. should refuse to hand over American officials for questioning by the Russians. I mean this seems less controversial than naming a post office. It just says don’t turn over Americans to Russia.pic.twitter.com/Yy4TQ4dx40 We should pass this resolution today: “The U.S. should refuse to make available any current or former diplomat, civil servant, political appointee, law enforcement official, or member of the Armed Forces for questioning by Vladimir Putin.” - w/ @SenSchumer and @SenatorMenendez No President should have the power to gift wrap American citizens, let alone former Ambassadors, to our known adversaries. This morning, @SenatorMenendez @SenatorDurbin @brianschatz & I offer a simple resolution that the Senate should pass today. Read it:  … … I came into this hearing leaning yes and now I’m a NO. … This is THE issue that unites and builds our coalition, and it is both politically and morally important that we focus on this for the next four months. … This weeks madness doesn’t change the fact that there are still roughly 3000 kids who are separated from their families, and the GOP is still trying to eliminate protections for people with pre-existing conditions. We’ve got your back, Ambassador. … The President won’t rule out turning an American public servant over to Vladimir Putin, but tomorrow I hope the Senate will. … Please imagine if Obama's Press Sec said there would be an "announcement" about turning over a US Ambassador, that Russia despises, over to Russia for questioning. Republicans would be rightfully furious. This cannot stand. This isn't a partisan issue. Support your countrymen. None of this ends until we take the House or the Senate or both. Put everything you’ve got into it. Please. Thank you. NEW: Current U.S. diplomat says he's at a "fucking loss" over the White House saying it might hand over @McFaul to Russia … I miss Chairman McCain. The White House is reviewing a request by Putin to allow Russian investigators to question a number of Americans they say are implicated in criminal activity there, including a former US ambassador. The news has prompted alarm among former diplomats. … Not dismissing this absurd request out of hand is an extraordinary sign of weakness by an American president. … I’m still aghast that they are working the question “can we have an American we would like to imprison him” through a policy process. Lawmakers want ability to send missile alerts through streaming services like Netflix, Spotify   #HNN Don't let this question by @maggieNYT go unnoticed. Sanders says Trump will discuss allowing Russia to question American citizenspic.twitter.com/8Chl70Ryif I am not super experienced in high level diplomacy, although I’ve been in some important meetings. But I don’t need an expert to tell me not to turn over Americans to a hostile foreign power. And I bet pretty much every American has that instinct. Pretty much. Q: “Will you hand over law abiding Americans to Russia?” A: “WE WILL HAVE TO GET BACK TO YOU AFTER CONSULTING OUR TEAM.”  Wait. What? This is entirely nuts. Because the President wouldn’t go after individual Americans on behalf of Russia right? I mean that’s a weird thing to be undecided about and have to check with your team. … NEWS: Kavanaugh bluntly said he wanted to overturn SCOTUS ruling upholding constitutionality of independent counsel. There’s difference bw independent counsel and special counsel (like Mueller) - but it’s bound to spark questions about how he views Mueller … For those unaware, Article Five of the NATO treaty — an “armed attack” on one member “shall be considered an attack against them all” — has been invoked exactly once: by the other nations after the US was attacked on 9/11.   … … Booker: Trump's 'submission' to Putin puts U.S. at greater risk   @SenBooker on @TheLeadCNNpic.twitter.com/gR594i6YyG Today the media will be tested. Whether they describe accurately what they are seeing and hearing with their own eyes and ears, or report an obviously dishonest and distorted version , is the essential question. And not just in the stories, but the chyrons and the headlines. Sen Burr leaves GOP Policy luncheon, says Russia/Putin-Trump Summit didn’t come up.  Asked why not, considering how many republicans came out against Trump’s comments yesterday, Burr said, “I don’t know, you’d have to ask them, I was just there eating...” If they don’t know how to use a gavel we can try it for two years and see if the country likes it. (•_•) <)   )╯Senators   /    \  \(•_•)   can influence,   (   (>      /    \         (•_•)    foreign policy  <)   )>    /    \      under Article One “And that’s why we need another tax cut.” … The American people deserve to know what in the world our President just agreed to do. And the Congress must demand hearings. … Let today be about actions in defense of our country, not words. Yup. If Republicans want to do something, they have options. … Where are the kids? Senate divided 51-49. Any R who wanting to do something about Russia, do something about children ripped from parents, is in total possession of the authority to get his or her demands met. Senators voices matter a lot but it’s our votes that matter in the end. They have abdicated their role and given up all of their tools, because they don’t want to make him mad. That’s what’s going on here. … Let’s start with public hearings and the Mueller protection legislation. … Republicans have "no idea what more they should be doing," Politico reports.  They have no idea what more they should be doing?   Well, there are bills, supported by a handful of Rs, that would protect the Mueller probe. They could pass one of those, for starters. Someone is gonna say something over the top about Trump and the media is going to spend all day on it. Just get ready. It’s going to get better. But not instantly. And we have to win. Whoa. Erin Burnett reports that Michael Anton, Flight 93 essay writer turned Trump national security advisor who left the WH this year, cancelled his appearance tonight because he could not defend Trump's performance today. How do we get Senators to remember that they're some of the most powerful people in the world? This is the fault of both parties and their inability to find common ground. I mean back in the 70’s members used to have dinner together IM KIDDING YOU HAVE TO VOTE THEM OUT! I mean we could just pass the Mueller protection bill this week if they were serious. Some statements coming out from R’s are ok. But the foundational question is whether or not a member of Congress will use their constitutional authorities to slow or stop this. Those authorities include : 1) Advice and Consent 2) Appropriations 3) Voting on legislation. “All the armies of Europe and Asia could not by force take a drink from the Ohio River or make a track on the Blue Ridge in a thousand years. No, if destruction be our lot we must ourselves be its author and finisher. We will live forever or die by suicide.”  ~Abraham Lincoln What will republicans do? What will republicans do? What will republicans do? What will republicans do?  That is the only question that matters. So, this is basically adding some serious meat to the idea that the NRA was a conduit for Russia campaign meddlingpic.twitter.com/MBpqWNgQjJ They are going to lean more into straight up racism as the walls cave in. reminder with the Republicans needing nearly every vote for Kavanaugh -- Flake, McCain, Sasse, et al have never had more leverage. 4. Hold hearings on what has and hasn't been done to protect America from Russia 5. Subpoena the interpreter to find out what Trump actually said to Putin 6. Pass a joint resolution saying Russia interfered in the elections to help Trump Things Republicans could do instead of send sad tweets 1. Pass legislation to protect the Mueller investigation 2. Subpoena Trump's tax and business records to see what leverage Russia may have on him 3. Pass a tougher sanctions law that doesn't let Trump wriggle out of them and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter: So help me God. I do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion We have to win in November for future generations. For democracy itself. Trump is for Trump. Is someone in the media keeping a running list of Republicans who are not retiring who are on team USA? Now we really get to see who is so loyal to Trump that they are no longer loyal to our great country. He’s. Not. For. Us.  … Republicans and Democrats agree the politics of Obamacare have changed dramatically over the years.   This election year, its the Ds who are going on offense with it and Rs who are looking to other issues:  …pic.twitter.com/MoL0CdoV2m When a president goes abroad, he’s supposed to represent all of the American people and be a true patriot. So far, President Trump has failed that test in Helsinki by blaming the United States for the poor U.S-Russian relations and by not holding Putin accountable. @CNN @NewDay This is going badly Lets just make sure the next President is on our side, ok? The Sacha Baron Cohen clips should be career-ruining for almost everyone interviewed Tax cuts that are unfair are also unpopular. Which is why they are running on some sort of MS13 crazy amalgam. … Not one of these statements should be anything less than obvious. Yet, today they refer to actual policy. … Europe is not the enemy. We shouldn’t arm 4 year olds. We shouldn’t silence scientists. We shouldn’t put children in cages. VOTE. There is only one Rule of Law Party. There is only one Health Care Party. There is only one Science Party. There is only one Gun Safety Party. I understand the need for DC folks to keep up appearances but people across the USA don’t have to pretend the parties are the same. Macron Celebrating! #WorldCup #WorldCupFinalpic.twitter.com/97X9dc8ZXk Vote them out. … Florida man planned to burn down 15-story 400+ unit condo “with all the f*cking Jews,” @MiamiBeachPD detectives find storage room with swastikas, Nazi books, 28 gasoline containers, sulfur powder, and potassium nitrate, stop possible mass-casualty event:  …pic.twitter.com/oP3jlhIYt6 “These Republicans are pushing for policies that are against everything we believe in which is why I’m (giving them the maximum allowable contribution.)” … Ok back to healthcare. They are trying to take away your healthcare FYI. At the state level, at the Supreme Court, in lower courts, in the Congress, and within the Executive Branch. They really are relentlessly trying to take away your health care. I mean, I personally know at least one person who was a DNC delegate who went from (I think) planning to begrudgingly vote for Clinton to protesting the convention because of the e-mails. The email leak story was huge and ate up a bunch of the news cycle starting around then. … We should be wary in the future of internal or external attempts to sow discord. I am not suggesting D’s be monolithic or that every dissent is a foreign plot. We should argue vigorously! I’m saying we know they ran this play with success so let’s keep our heads on a swivel. It would not matter, in terms of the law, if the hacks were effective in terms of changing voters’ minds. But I can tell you that at the convention the hacks caused the Bernie/HRC rift to fester through the convention in a way that would’ve been unlikely without them. ICYMI: Sens. @brianschatz and @JohnBoozman introduced the Purple Heart and Disabled Veterans Equal Access Act of 2018 to extend commissary and exchange benefits to more veterans  … (@usairforce photo)pic.twitter.com/VW2hWnZZPU I am not a dentist but the Republican body language on this Rosenstein thing is kinda defensive. Party over Country. … Just because there’s further evidence of a grave crime impacting our Democracy doesn’t mean D’s are making TV ads on it. We are still running on healthcare. This is for the Very Smart Strategists who are about to scold D campaigns for doing something they are not doing. We need a functioning legislature - now more than ever. And we need a media to describe with precision what they are reporting on - if it’s racist, call it racist. If it’s a lie, call it a lie. The time for euphemisms has passed. The time of the “both sides” illusion is over. If my WiFi dies on this airplane I’m not going to handle it well. CNN: Prosecutors from Robert Mueller’s Special Counsel’s Office & the Justice Department’s National Security Division visited the courtroom of a federal magistrate judge in DC at 11:30 a.m. to return a grand jury indictment. I hate panels but this panel is maybe the best thing I’ve seen this year on cable. … What an absurd way for the Trump regime to describe what they are doing. There are 3000 minors and under great pressure they reunited fewer than 2 percent. This is moral stain of historic proportions, and a failure of competence that rivals anything I’ve seen. … The comments below are super encouraging. Will cut checks next week. Everyone else please do whatever you can. Remember that door knocking and phone calls are better than money. But money’s good too. Thanks. … Gosar to Strzok: "I'm a dentist, so I read body language very very well" If you are somehow still undecided about who should run the legislative branch next year please turn on the TV right now and watch what is very likely the most unprofessional, unethical, chaotic, dishonest and dishonorable hearing conducted in decades. I am going to channel my outrage at the behavior of R’s today and give some money to Democratic challengers for the U.S. House. I look forward to your recommendations. Republicans thought Peter Strozk would be a punching bag—but he just knocked them out  I’m very pleased that this week we came together on a bipartisan basis and used our full authority as a separate and coequal branch of government to push back on an out of control executive. I’m kidding none of that happened. We have to mobilize and work hard and win. Is there an emoji for backfiring? House R’s have not covered themselves in glory today. Thank you for your partnership and your leadership on this important issue. … Wowpic.twitter.com/nyRwPTGojO House D’s are making me proud. This is an absolute embarrassment to the House of Representatives. Anyone who cares about the independence of law enforcement, the rule of law, and basic decency should be appalled. and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter: So help me God. I do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion Europeans are our allies. Tariffs are taxes. No one should be punished for having been sick. Reproductive choice is popular. The government should be keeping families together, not ripping them apart. No one thinks this tax cut was a good idea except Wall Street. The Senate just voted to affirm it has certain authorities and prerogatives under the law that it refuses to use. So, Wednesday. I will vote yes, because this is at least something. But you are right - the basic problem with Congress is it refuses to use its power to serve as a check on President Trump. And what substitutes for the exercise of our authorities is not exactly fearsome or brave. … That was not the point of the tax cuts. It was a smash and grab. … Photo of the day from NATO >>>pic.twitter.com/wpJjIIZisB "Also, the heart is just a big muscle. It has nothing to do with love. It just pumps blood. Many people don't know this. I'm afraid of sharks. What time is lunch around here?" … The solution to all of this is so simple. We must win the midterms. I know this is not a major insight, but it is still worth repeating. Whether it’s orphaning kids, or corruption, or overt racism, or taking your healthcare away, the solution is to WIN. This looks like a crime to me. … Brian Benczkowski is about to get a confirmation vote to run the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice in the Senate. Two things you should know about him are that he’s never tried a case and that he was a lawyer for Alfa Bank. So. Many. Coincidences. This appears to be Trump going all in on family separation as official government policy. He’s not denying that it’s happening. He’s not claiming they are working on fixing it. He’s saying that this is U.S. policy under his leadership. … I am very pleased with the decisive bipartisan vote this evening on the Motion to Proceed to the confirmation of Mark Bennett to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. He will be an outstanding Judge. I could say a lot about @Janet4OH.  But I will simply say that she is running against Jim Jordan for Congress.   … Yes Democrats are angry, but we are also hopeful, motivated, organized and funded. Democrats will make mistakes along the way, me included and maybe especially. But we have incredible collective determination to change the direction of this country for the better. Democrats believe in all the amendments including the first and the fourth. Democrats believe that healthcare is a right and not a privilege. Democrats believe that corporations are not people. Democrats are for covering people with pre-existing conditions. Democrats are for using literally every resource available to reunite these children with their families. Democrats are for net neutrality. What are Democrats for? Democrats are for the middle class, unions, economic opportunity for people who actually work for a living, reproductive choice, affordable college, climate action, diplomacy, the rule of law, civil justice, and opportunity for all. This seems consistent with ripping babies from their mothers at the border and detaining them: “U.S. Opposition to Breast-Feeding Resolution Stuns World Health Officials” … If Trump had anything close to the Iran Deal for DPRK it would be correctly hailed as a triumph. But on the other hand Obama. … Children being mistreated and separated from their parents is not an immigration issue. If you think it’s one of the “deal points” for a comprehensive immigration bill, you fail to grasp that cruelty and bad faith cannot result in compromise, it can only be repudiated. If you have high blood pressure, high cholesterol,  a bad back, acne, are pregnant, or have another pre-existing condition - this isn’t politics. This is your life and your health. R’s want to make it expensive or impossible to be insured. You gotta vote, and pass it on! Please! How you know you're reporting on North Korean talks going well: Korean-speaking colleagues are debating whether, as they translate a statement from Pyongyang, the US negotiating position is "rapacious" or merely "gangster-like". NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  100 kids under 5 still not returned to parents and she has dog sitting duties? I'll take care of her dog for her get back to work!! … Just got off a call with HHS Secretary open to all senators on family separation crisis the administration created. Secretary didn't take a single question. Weak. Just got off the phone w/ HHS. I am furious&horrified after immigration conference call – virtually no separated children have been reunified; no system, no plan, no path to assure reunification; no answers to key questions. Strategy seems to be: blame everyone else. Just got off a conference call with HHS about reuniting kids with their parents. They read from a script for around 20 minutes and then they took only 3 questions from Senators. It was Orwellian in its overconfidence and vagueness. I am more, not less worried for these kids. If Obama had stood on a stage in Montana, praised Putin and Xi, and crapped on GHW Bush like that, the same crowd would have rushed the stage and the Secret Service would have had to evacuate him. There is no Supreme Court nomination, no regulatory rollback, that is worth this. Scott Pruitt resigned because he was unusually greedy and weird with his corruption but his worst transgression was that he systematically worked on behalf of polluters to poison our air and our water and make climate change worse. In an imaginary functional congress, we could have a great debate and a potential compromise on immigration. But R’s have been warned that solving this problem will harm turnout on their side. So in the meantime, let’s get the children out of captivity and win the elections. The children have not been reunited with their parents. This isn’t an immigration policy disagreement. This is cruelty and incompetence justified by belligerent tweets.  Where. Are. The. Children. Nazism is bad. Healthcare is good. Elections are important. I hope you are getting some time with you families. Me: "What happened while I was on vacation?"  Friends: "People *finally* grasped your warnings from 2015 and 2016 about the acceleration of autocracy in the US."  Me: "OK. Then what happened?"  Friend: "Rich white people in NYC and DC debated whether it was polite to discuss it." The bottom line: Judge Barrett has given every indication that she will be an activist judge on the Court. If chosen as the nominee, she will be the deciding vote to overturn Roe v. Wade and to strike down pre-existing conditions protections in the ACA. #WhatsAtStake I don’t speak for anyone on twitter but I think what people are saying is one way to avoid nazi comparisons is to not be so friendly to Nazis. … Maine Sen. Susan Collins says on "This Week" that a nominee who would overturn Roe v. Wade "would not be acceptable to me" because it would indicate an activist agenda and lack of respect for precedent. Stupid experts and their stupid expert warnings … U.S. intelligence agencies believe that North Korea has increased its production of fuel for nuclear weapons at multiple secret sites in recent months — and that Kim Jong Un may try to hide those facilities, U.S. officials told NBC News. … New from me: Another senior U.S. career diplomat resigns in disgust. This time, the U.S. ambassador to Estonia. He was slated to retire soon, but Trump's recent anti-Europe rants pushed him over the edge … SCOOP: As Trump fights w/ Merkel on defense spending, Pentagon staffers ordered to analyze the costs of a large-scale withdrawal of American troops from Germany. Word of the move is causing a nervous scramble at European embassies in DC … Brian is usually very good at Twitter and staying on message, but he butchered this meme lol … ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| They are coming after your healthcare. Trump to Justice Kennedy: "That's very nice coming from you. And say hello to your boy, special guy." Kennedy: "Your kids have been very nice to him." Trump: "They love him, and they love him in New York. He's a great guy."pic.twitter.com/78MNDe3M7v “Not everything that is faced can be changed,   but nothing can be changed until it is faced.”  James Baldwin  #FaceIt #FightIt #YouFindHopeThroughStruggle So which Democratic candidate are you either giving to or volunteering for this week and why? Looking forward to hearing about all the great people stepping up. So many coincidences which are probably very innocent and very normal even though billions of dollars were exchanged. If you have high blood pressure, asthma, heart disease, acne, a bad back or are a woman, the Republicans are working relentlessly, in all 3 branches of government, to allow insurance companies to jack up your rates or not insure you at all. You have to retaliate by voting. Public opinion on abortion is nuanced and a lot of factors go into individual votes. That said....this is the starting point if Roe goes down. Look at the numbers for women 18-44.  …pic.twitter.com/DeSeGnlhhy BREAKING: Member states reject candidacy of U.S. evangelical to lead UN migration agency, in major snub to Trump administration. Please call the Lancaster Police Department in Pennsylvania & ask them if this is how they treat unarmed & non-violent black men who are complying. The number is: (717) 735-3300.pic.twitter.com/dtGelcgxvh Nobody thought we could save ACA, but we did. How did we do it? 1) Millions of phone calls into Congress 2) Unity among Democrats 3) A clear message about the stakes. We’ve got work to do. Let’s get started.  … There’s just no way to argue that he’s advancing American interests here.  … NEW: 67% of public don’t want the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade; 29% do   #SCOTUS #abortionpic.twitter.com/gc9F1TA6Xk I don’t want to hear the phrase “fake news” ever again. (How come I got asked by multiple national media outlets about a restaurant owner in Alexandria but oh never mind I guess asymmetrical polarization or something enjoy your Thursday.) … I appreciate journalists, journalism, and the First Amendment. I’m so, so sorry for what has happened in that newsroom and I can imagine the fear it causes nationwide for people in the profession. Abortion, guns etc v important but the looming supreme constitutional issue of our time is presidential self-pardon "Every voter should know that every Republican Senator will be responsible for voting to outlaw abortion in the United States. That's what the vote will be."   Jon and Dan talk SCOTUS on today's Pod  pic.twitter.com/tnKXwCTszi Many senators have flown home, but Sen. Schatz is talkin' volcanos with DOUBLE POSTERS that are LAYERED.pic.twitter.com/SKgyIc4RrZ Remember this: every judge on Trump’s Supreme Court list has been vetted by the Federalist Society. There is 100 percent certainty about how they will vote, on Roe, gay rights, voter suppression, campaign finance and labor/corporate issues. 1/ .@ChrisMurphyCT: “Our focus has to be on getting a handful of Republicans … this is a legacy vote ... I don’t know how you can say you were pro-choice if you cast a vote that will be looked upon that criminalized abortion and put women in jail" … You know what issues could come before the #SCOTUS soon? Things like...  -Can a POTUS defy a subpoena? -Can a sitting POTUS be indicted? -Are there limits to presidential pardon power? Can a POTUS pardon himself?  ...so yeah, this matters. A lot. There is no sound more powerful than the marching feet of a determined people. #goodtrouble Democrats’ only strategic option  is to put massive pressure on the 2 pro-choice Republican senators in Maine & Alaska. There’s no parliamentary trick that allows the minority to block or even delay this confirmation. Only Republican senators can stop it. … This is the game.  They want to overturn Roe but not tell us about it til their Federalist-picked Justice is on the Court writing the opinion that makes abortion illegal.  Don’t fall for it. … Let’s not outsmart ourselves. This is about whether or not women have choice . This year was already the year of the woman, politically, but now the stakes are even higher. It is not an exaggeration to say that millions of women across the country will suffer and lose a fundamental right if Trump gets what he wants. The second thing is to lock down all Dem votes.   When Gorsuch was confirmed McConnell had one more vote than he does now (Luther Strange).   Locking in all 49 Ds as nays shifts the focus to Collins, Murkowski, Flake and others and gives McConnell no margin for error. Justice Kennedy retiring... If you are deeply disturbed, absorb the shock. But respond with even more determination. If you see this as a fight for the future of democracy, let those in power know that the will of the majority can still hold sway.  … THIS … Marching on Saturday will feel much better than sulking. This is the time to get out there and show that we’re in this fight for the long haul.    I’ll be at the LA march w/@TVietor08, @jonlovett, @AdyBarkan and others - come say hi or find one near you:  People have asked about the SCOTUS fight. Start by following our great leaders: @Sifill_LDF @neeratanden @brianefallon @ilyseh. one remedy against the coming SCOTUS: elect govs who'll veto abortion restrictions & gerrymanders, state lawmakers who'll expand labor & reproductive rights, Secretaries of State who'll replace aggressive purges with voting rights agenda, DAs who'll refrain from cruel punishments Only 17 states have laws that protect abortion.   If the Supreme Court overturns Roe v. Wade, abortion would immediately be illegal in 33 states because of what is known as a "trigger law."   Call your governor. Register and vote. Every judge in America is important.pic.twitter.com/pRBaHWP0mZ There is no clever tweet, no well-crafted argument for cable news, that will lay bare Republican hypocrisy on the Court and bring them to their knees under the weight of the embarrassment. We just have to win the next election. Fight. Organize. Talk. Tweet. Call. Donate. Volunteer. Win. PLEASE RETWEET IF YOU AGREE. … .@SenSchumer: “The Senate should reject, on a bipartisan basis, any justice who would overturn Roe v. Wade or undermine key health care protections.” I don’t have words of consolation or inspiration - only that their side fights hard, and together, and we have to treat this like what it is - the fight for the very soul of our country. We need to give this all we’ve got, because millions, and generations to come, depend on it. If there is any lesson to take from this debacle of almost immeasurable magnitude it is that we CANNOT SIT OUT THE MID TERMS. Anyone who tells you that Roe v. Wade is "not really at risk" doesn't know what they are talking about.  Anyone who votes for Trump's nominee is voting to overturn Roe.  Period. If you care about reproductive choice it is time to change from a passive to an active participant in politics. Everything we hold dear in on the line this October and November. A new Supreme Court will in fact overturn Roe, and women’s rights will be set back a half a century. I know it’s not that big of a deal but a bill without Democrats is not a compromise. This is so good. … There are lots of great choices in the Hawai`i Democratic Primary August 11. Many on the ballot are good friends and colleagues. I wish all the best of luck, and look forward to a spirited and clean race. I will not be endorsing anyone in any of the big contests. Please vote! Do not get lost in a sea of despair. Be hopeful, be optimistic. Our struggle is not the struggle of a day, a week, a month, or a year, it is the struggle of a lifetime. Never, ever be afraid to make some noise and get in good trouble, necessary trouble. #goodtrouble Now more than ever, we must all stand with, and on the shoulders of, organized labor. They are the best institutional counterweight to right wing superpacs, and they are the best strategy to build the middle class. Labor has my back, and I’ve got labors’ back. The one thing that is for sure is that our side does not have an enthusiasm problem. At Truman Dinner, @clairecmc asks everyone to stand up who has a preexisting condition. Notes GOP wants to eliminate insurance coverage for them. Most of ballroom stands up:pic.twitter.com/6IvWuTursi Thank you, @JoeCrowleyNY, for your support and longstanding service to our community.  I look forward to working towards a takeback of the House on a strong platform of economic, social, and racial justice for working class New Yorkers & Americans.  Let’s do this. … Where are the children. … You know, when you look at electoral results and ignore the political pundits, you almost get the sense that the Dems path to victory is mobilizing the grassroots left and not about persuading republican voters who spend their time talking to reporters in diners. Imagine that The ALERT Act was introduced in the wake of Hawaii’s false emergency alert. It makes clear the responsibility to send missile alerts rests with the federal government. Kudos to Senator @brianschatz and the bipartisan group behind this bill that passed in the Senate today. The U.S. Senate unanimously passed the Authenticating Local Emergencies and Real Threats (ALERT) Act Tuesday, legislation authored by U.S. Senator Brian Schatz.  #IslandNews has more    Senate just unanimously passed the ALERT Act, introduced in the wake of Hawaii's false missile alert. "This legislation makes it clear that the authority to send missile alerts rests with the federal government," Sen. @BrianSchatz says. Where. Are. The. Children. I know this news was overtaken yesterday by other more important issues () but these kids are still missing and this government is still belligerent and incompetent. … HHS WOULD NOT ANSWER:  - ! If they are STILL receiving kids who are being separated from their parents.! (I asked 3 times.)  - What ages the kids are and why they have not answered that question tho many of us have asked it for over a week. Roberts's logic, that the travel ban doesn't mention Muslims even though we know it is targeted at them, would uphold cornerstones of Jim Crow law, which were often superficially "neutral" and had public safety justifications.  …pic.twitter.com/oNzAVOrAEd It will get better. It really will. But we have to pour everything we’ve got - organizationally, financially, emotionally, politically, into turning it around. Our people are more noble, more kind, more fair, and more reverent of our founding ideals, than our government. VOTE. Hawaii Sen. Brian Schatz: "What is legal is not always just. A narrow ruling on whether or not the President of the United States is in possession of the statutory authority to implement this policy avoids the basic question of whether or not it’s the right thing to do." Senator @brianschatz says in a statement, “It is beyond ironic that the Supreme Court has used its decision to uphold the president’s Muslim ban as an opportunity to right the wrongs of Korematsu."pic.twitter.com/i7cEtYojjS Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional. The Supreme Court upholding the travel ban means that Trump can continue to express his prejudices publicly, implement those prejudices through public policy, and then be bailed out by the high court as long as his advisers manage to provide a superficially neutral pretext. The silver lining is that until now the Korematsu Case, which held that the internment of Japanese Americans was legal, has finally been officially rejected by SCOTUS.pic.twitter.com/KEui5VklAc 2/2  SCOTUS made the wrong decision and ignored the evidence that the Muslim ban, even the more narrowly tailored version, is a xenophobic policy that makes our country no safer than before. The American people know the truth about the Muslim ban: it is un-American.” My statement on Hawai`i vs Trump: 1/2 What is legal is not always just. A narrow ruling on whether or not the president is in possession of statutory authority to implement this policy avoids the basic question of whether or not it’s the right thing to do. This is happening in every state. And the official filings from insurance companies specifically cite Republican sabotage driving these massive rate increases. … Tariffs are taxes and this isn’t working. “Where are the children” isn’t a political slogan. It is the most urgent moral question for today.  Because of cruelty and incompetence, we must ask “where are the children” until they are all reunited. Whatever your profession, please ask that question today. NEW: The Trump Administration has targeted the elimination of pre-existing condition protections through the courts.  Here’s what it means. Consider circulating.pic.twitter.com/PBWP5RWFKN Tomorrow: Healthcare and the kids. Healthcare and the kids. Trade wars hurt Americans. Tariffs are taxes. People deserve healthcare whether or not they have a pre existing health condition. Medicaid works. College should be affordable. Marijuana shouldn’t be the reason someone is in prison. Elections matter. #LeilaniEstatesEruption #KilaueaVolcano UPDATE: Incredible footage from the amazing #JohnTarson of #EpicLava captures power & sheer volume of lava rushing through #LERZ as #Fissure8 in #LeilaniEstates continues to erupt LATEST   @HawaiiNewsNow #HINewspic.twitter.com/90qQtFeF5L People don’t like cruelty as official policy. It’s not not just morally bankrupt it’s bad politics. … Axios wrote an entire piece this morning about how Trump is “winning” immigration based on a Gallup poll from 6/17 that measured public opinion from the week before.   Here’s today’s:    Trump approval went from 45-50 to 41-55 in a week … We’re a year past a lunatic opening fire on a group of Congressman practicing baseball. Maybe cool it on urging more private confrontations. This Red Hen (they are taking) controversy (away protections for the 52 million Americans) shows that the lack of civility (with pre existing conditions) has gotten worse than ever. As @jmartNYT writes, this is the issue Democrats should focus on instead of Russia and the Red Hen. … Who is your favorite House or Senate candidate and how much are you giving this week? I'm listening to Sirius radio. Callers are going off against Trump policy of separating families at the border. It is not a political or news channel. It is "E Street Radio", the Bruce Springsteen channel. Josh Hawley used Missouri taxpayer money to file this lawsuit to eliminate protections for people with preexisting conditions. Seriously. Bad.pic.twitter.com/31dj0ae0AC What Dems want to shape the midterms > … Who is your favorite House or Senate candidate and how much are you giving this week? One of the things the Democratic coalition needs to lean harder into is to support unions. Not just union members, not just “working families, not just “progressive priorities,” but the unions themselves as institutions. They remain the best path to rebuilding the middle class. They want us fighting with each other. On strategy, on Bernie vs HRC, on brown vs white, on rural vs urban. Because the tax cut is the largest upward wealth transfer in history, and they are trying to take your healthcare. If we talk about healthcare and taxes we win. If not, ? Here's what Democratic pros want their candidates, from Fargo to Fairfax, to run on in midterms:  … (h/t @JesseFFerguson ) Even the liberal...  Seriously, tho, Schatz is no dummy: The more the midterms are about policy choices, the better for the Ds. Polarizing the electorate helps them in some House seats, but helps Rs elsewhere. … Is the reason that Trump is doing so well w R’s that old school R’s are quietly leaving the Party and calling themselves Independent? Healthcare costs will skyrocket due to R sabotage. The tax cuts are unpopular because they are a giveaway to the most profitable corporations in history. The deficit they just created is being used by R’s to justify cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and social security. Please vote. THREAD. … Just visited the Homestead, Fla. facility where 70 kids who were separated from their families are being held. They would not let me see the kids. They told me they have no plan in place to reunify them with their parents.pic.twitter.com/mpwOP7eNKv Calling racism racism is less offensive than racism. I’m not a data guy but this seems good. … The young people will win!   Some early evidence in my hometown of Montgomery County, Maryland.   Early vote turnout here among 18-24 years olds is up 276% over the 2014 primary.   That is HUGE. I just heard about a restaurant kicking Sarah Sanders out of a restaurant and it’s got me thinking that Democrats have to be talking about health care today and every day till the election. Civility is great. Fighting institutional cruelty is currently a higher priority! Democrats have specific plans on 1) universal healthcare 2) prescription drugs 3) economic stagnation 4) affordable higher ed 5) climate 6) immigration and so on but we apologize for our difficulty breaking through with our white papers while BABIES ARE IN CAGES The secret that many people don’t know is that a straight up or down vote on the wall in the Senate would fail because because R’s quietly hate this stupid profligate useless monument to a campaign slogan. If we allow cruelty as government policy to open a legislative negotiation, and if it succeeds, it will never stop. … My God. … Hahahahhahhahaha.  … This is unfair. The Democrats have plenty of extreme nominees who, for example want all Americans to have healthcare.  … Going to change my Twitter pic and make my name “Arthur Terkel.” Can’t wait to see the RTs roll in! … It is important to remember that every GOP Presidential contender tries to get his endorsement and the media treats it like it’s a big “get” rather than, say, something disqualifying. … YOU must establish a Congressional check against Trump, and WE do that by winning in November. Tweeting and Facebooking is good. Protesting is good. Donating is key. Making phone calls and door knocking is huge. Do what you can, and don’t assume anyone else has got this for you. People in White House sound as confused as everyone else about what  happens after the president's EO, which McGahn was against him signing. There's inter-agency disagreement about what it means. Trump now essentially tunes his chief of staff out, Trump driving the train. Yes. Among many other things we need congressional oversight. … There is zero evidence that the full resources of the federal government are being devoted to reuniting these children with their parents, and there is at least some evidence to the contrary. Wilbur Ross Contradicts Trump Administration Rationale For Census Citizenship Question … It doesn’t have to be planned to be a distraction. HHS has newly released footage and pics from ORR-contracted migrant shelters that includes older girls. (L, Bristow VA example; R, Homestead FL example)pic.twitter.com/k0u91UZs6X There have been no pictures and no video and there has been no accounting for any of the girls that have been separated from their parents. Where are the girls? I’ve been thinking about this jacket that FLOTUS was wearing and here’s the thing: Republicans are still trying to take away health coverage for people with pre-existing conditions. 2/ First, in the struggle to overcome Trump's outrages, evils, and rejection of American values, optimism is your friend. Hard fights are good fights and good fights are hard fights. Why am I running for Congress against a Tea Party Republican in Texas? It all started with a door:  Thank you Senator @brianschatz for leading this important effort to get 120 members of Congress in support of a lawsuit to stop Trump's discriminatory & dangerous citizenship question from appearing on the #2020Census  We need a fair & accurate Census!   … It’s not an accident that the US government is making it so difficult for journalists, lawmakers, lawyers and others to bring you images and firsthand accounts from these separated parents and children. They are hiding the truth from you because they fear your reaction. I think Michelle Wolfe and Robert Deniro should resign as Chair and Vice Chair of the DNC - it’s becoming too much of a distraction. One side is separating children from their parents and putting them in cages but on the other hand some celebrities are using swear words. Both sides! The President signed a vague executive order today but this much is clear: CHILDREN ARE STILL SEPARATED FROM THEIR PARENTS and the government doesn’t appear to be doing the first thing to reunite them. Only under Trump does moving from the mass separation of babies from parents to indefinite detention of families seem like an improvement. Trump’s immigration policy is still intentionally cruel and inhumane. We have to keep fighting it. But he only backed down on family separation because of a public outcry that even he couldn’t ignore. Keep that in mind next time you feel like nothing matters. Your voice does. Repeat after me, everyone: There is no law that requires family separation at the border. … All it takes is one Republican to say “on judges and executive confirmations I will vote with the Democrats until this policy is reversed.” I am increasingly uneasy that there are no photographs released by DHS of any of the facilities for girls who have been separated from their parents. The American public deserves to know and see what’s happening to all of these children. Giving into extortion ensures that Trump will do it again and again, with more aggressive cruelty. If there’s an extremely narrow bill that’s fine, but once R’s say “fix the broken immigration system” in this context, they are going to not fix it and try to get credit for trying. … This is extraordinary. We're now up to 203 events in 44 states plus DC, less than 24 hours after announcing this day of action against family separation. Register your own:   … Please keep calling! … I would like for the next President to be in command of his or her emotions at least during work hours. The administration’s action today to deny us access to their Homestead, Florida facility where they are holding 1,000 migrant children is against EVERYTHING that we as a country stand for. They ought to be ashamed of themselves.pic.twitter.com/Zv8Py0f3M8 HHS just blocked us from entering its facility in Homestead, Florida to check on the welfare of the children being held here. They are obviously hiding something, and we are going to get to the bottom of this.pic.twitter.com/q4m6Zd0ck2 BREAKING: Trump plans to withdraw from UN Human Rights Council today, per @nwadhams I do not think the use of the word “infest” is a coincidence. They want you to be so afraid of other people that you don’t notice when they take away your health care. Just because the Trump administration is separating kids from their parents doesn’t mean they aren’t also trying to eliminate protections for people with pre-existing health conditions. Our extremists want healthcare for everyone. If my Party ever gets hijacked by bigots and crackpots I will quit it. We have a real chance at building enough public pressure to stop this policy, either by getting POTUS to reverse, or passing legislation. So, raise your voices in every single way that you can. But make no mistake, we absolutely must win the November election, and we need you. My statement on the practice of separating children and parents at the U.S. border:pic.twitter.com/g8OfAshRwQ This Monday is very racist. Just remember how the campaign started when you are evaluating whether or not to give these people the benefit of the doubt. This is a lot of words, and zero compassion. 