Sen. @ChrisCoons: "My concern is that we're going ahead with a hearing tomorrow, without having had the FBI involved to try and get to the bottom of the rapidly growing number of alarming allegations against Judge Kavanaugh." #TheStorypic.twitter.com/PPtIwG8eRU I just wrote to President Trump with a simple message: Direct an FBI investigation into these allegations or withdraw Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Today, more than ever, we must stand up for and celebrate journalism and uphold the United States’ role as a defender of a free press. Congratulations to the @capegazette for standing up for these values for the last 25 years.pic.twitter.com/9yhlsY8Joj Republicans have hired an outside attorney to grill Dr. Ford, they’ve scheduled a vote on Judge Kavanaugh for Friday AM (the day after this hearing), and they’re limiting questions to 1 round of 5 min Qs   Does that sound like they’re taking this seriously to you?   Me neither. This competition was a fun, interactive way to show how meaningful STEM education is for our country. As a passionate advocate for STEM, I appreciate the importance of getting ALL young students excited about math. Big thanks to @DellTech and @MATHCOUNTS for hosting the first-ever Mathletes competition on Capitol Hill.   I was grateful for the opportunity to speak at this wonderful event. Congratulations to the amazing participants! Great to meet with advocates from the American Cancer Society’s Cancer Action Network during their #CancerLobbyDay this morning.   This year in DE, over 6,000 people will be diagnosed with cancer, and I’m proud to join @ACSCAN in making the fight against cancer a top priority!pic.twitter.com/BgKMAG4VDD At this moment in history, it is critical that the United States does not relinquish our historic role in promoting our values of freedom, human rights, democracy, and prosperity both around the world and at home. Honored to accept the @IFES1987 Charles T. Mannat Democracy Award alongside my dear friends former President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and @USAIDMarkGreenpic.twitter.com/NzahdzSw5n McConnell could bring the legislation protecting Mueller, passed out of Senate Judiciary by a 14-7 vote, to the floor tomorrow. Another important week in Washington ahead, especially in the Judiciary Committee. And in Delaware, I’m hosting a #townhall on Friday at 6 p.m. at the Delaware City FC. Click here to register.  pic.twitter.com/rTMzvfMP0V .@ChrisCoons criticizes Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's "discounting" of the sexual assault allegations against Judge Brett Kavanaugh as "exactly why so many victims of sexual abuse and harassment don't come forward." #MTPDaily "I believe both Dr. Ford and Deborah Ramirez and I think it's important that the Senate Judiciary Committee shows that 27 years after Anita Hill....that we are able to hear them." — @ChrisCoons on the women accusing Judge Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault #MTPDaily "If my Republican colleagues don’t think that they can handle the challenge of respecting Dr. Ford, of questioning her in an appropriate and supportive way, then perhaps they shouldn’t be on the committee" @ChrisCoonspic.twitter.com/iyyhR4wxBY Honored to meet with @CyrilRamaphosa today to discuss the US-South Africa relationship. South Africa shares our democratic values and respects the rule of law. We can and should do more to strengthen our partnership.pic.twitter.com/nfXEb8Gsj0 Dr. Ford is not on trial in the Judiciary Committee this week.   She should be treated with the respect she deserves.pic.twitter.com/7VHhHiO1bu Instead, Senate Republicans are refusing to have the FBI conduct a standard investigation, negotiating the terms of her testimony through the media, and using hardball tactics.   This is an important moment, and the Committee must be better than this.   The country is watching. We should be respectfully working with Dr. Ford so that she can provide her testimony to the Judiciary Committee and the American people. Today is the International Day of Peace—a day to encourage and inspire us to be kind to and understanding of one another. I hope all Delawareans and Americans do their part and take the #PeaceDayChallenge.pic.twitter.com/3KQuWp5Lj6 Mr. President, according to the Justice Department, even today, 2 out of 3 sexual assaults are not reported. … This is unacceptable and beneath the Presidency of the United States.    For generations, women have been reluctant or afraid to speak out about their experiences because so often, they have been dismissed, accused of lying, or even attacked. … On the anniversary of Hurricane Maria, my thoughts are with the loved ones of the nearly 3,000 lives we lost. Our fellow Americans are still dealing with the aftermath of this devastating storm, and I’m committed to helping Puerto Rico fully recover. It is my hope that we will demonstrate that we have learned some things in the last few decades since the confirmation of Justice Thomas.pic.twitter.com/54kwjgTgsw For this to be a fair, deliberate, and open process, we need to let the FBI do its job and allow agents to conduct a full investigation of the allegations bravely brought forward by Dr. Ford. Proud to join @DelawareCAN at the national @FiftyCAN Summit here in Wilmington. @FiftyCAN is doing great work getting parents, teachers and community involved in, and improving K-12 education here in Delaware and across the country.pic.twitter.com/Rn7l7N7n5F We have an opportunity, as members of the U.S. Senate, to make a choice and do what’s right. And what is right is to ensure that Dr. Ford’s allegations are heard and are taken seriously. I'm pleased to announce, along with my partners @ChrisCoons and @LisaBRochester, another $5.5 million in federal funding for this Sussex County airport that will not only upgrade local facilities but also support Delaware's economy and spur tourismpic.twitter.com/kJ74uAL6Xl Glad to join @SenatorRisch to introduce a resolution reaffirming U.S.-Moldova ties & Senate support for Moldova against Russian aggression:  … Dr. Ford’s request for a basic investigation of these allegations before a public hearing is completely reasonable & Senate Rs should honor it.   There’s no reason to rush this process.   The American people deserve to know what federal investigators can find out. …  … Honored to join @NazaninBoniadi @AlinejadMasih @DrNinaAnsary @KSadjadpour today in a discussion about advancing human rights in Iran. The Iranian people have repeatedly demonstrated for democracy and engagement, and they deserve our support.pic.twitter.com/USQwsQ3Ktx Gmar chatima tova. Wishing you an easy fast. The Trump Administration should focus on real threats to our national security instead of turning away innocent men, women, and children fleeing violence and persecution. We must keep fighting to restore refugee admissions to previous levels.  #RefugeesWelcome Mr. President, the decision to abdicate our leadership at this critical time will only weaken our credibility with our allies and partners who are shouldering the burden of this global crisis. At a time when over 68 million people are displaced worldwide, the United States should fulfill its long-standing, bipartisan commitment to providing refuge to the world’s most vulnerable people. … The Senate Judiciary Committee hearing with Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford must include testimony from experts who can discuss why many victims of sexual assault refuse to come forward for years.pic.twitter.com/g4Wb5FesXl Respect for human rights, fundamental freedoms, and the rule of law is vital to any democracy.  My colleagues and I on the Foreign Relations Committee are concerned about democratic backsliding in Uganda and urge respect for the country’s constitution:pic.twitter.com/rv76LrtKWg This is about more than one nomination to the Supreme Court, more than one judicial nomination.   This is about whether we as a country have gotten to the point where we listen to women who raise accusations of sexual assault.pic.twitter.com/GOHOqIXZNN I recently introduced the Maritime SAFE Act with Senator Wicker to combat IUU fishing across the globe. The bill promotes a whole-of-government approach to counter IUU fishing and associated threats to maritime security. The Senate Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and the Coast Guard is holding a hearing on conflict and crime in global fisheries at 10:30 AM.   Tune in to   to watch and learn more about this critical issue. This morning, I celebrated #ConstitutionDay by attending one of the 260 naturalization ceremonies that took place across the country. In Delaware, we welcomed more than 70 new U.S. citizens from more than 30 countries. Please join me in congratulating our newest fellow Americans!pic.twitter.com/2tp0kswcx1 I am concerned that Judge Kavanaugh also holds a sweeping view of executive power that would allow the President to fire a special counsel who is investigating him simply for doing his job. I believe this view puts any President above the law. That should concern every American. Supreme Court decisions impact real people and have real consequences. I am concerned that Judge Kavanaugh’s interpretation of the Constitution would roll back the clock to a time when we recognized the autonomy and worth of too few of our fellow citizens. After reviewing the portion of Judge Kavanaugh’s record available to us, meeting with him privately, participating in a four-day hearing, submitting written questions & hearing from Delawareans, I have decided to vote against his nomination. My statement:  … The next Supreme Court Justice will help shape the future of this country for decades, from playing a pivotal role in defining the scope of the President’s power and determining whether the President is above the law, to impacting essential rights enshrined in our Constitution. The Judiciary Committee should delay this week’s vote to ensure an opportunity for Dr. Ford’s allegations to be promptly investigated. I would like to think that we are beyond the days when dismissing an accuser was an acceptable substitute for investigation and an evenhanded assessment of the facts. I am deeply troubled by the assault allegations that have been made by Dr. Ford against Judge Kavanaugh. They should be taken seriously by everyone, irrespective of party and ideology. The service academy nomination application deadline for the Class of 2023 is October 15, 2018. If you know of any eligible students interested in applying to one of our nation's service academies, please have them visit:  …pic.twitter.com/kJXjjZlEPq Thanks to @DelawareEMA and @DE_fire_school for coordinating the deployment of dozens of Delaware firefighters to support fire stations responding to Hurricane Florence in North Carolina. I’m grateful to our firefighters for always answering the call to serve. … If you can’t make a cleanup this Saturday due to weather, stay safe and stay tuned at   for ways you can help clean up your local beaches in the future. For those who can safely do so, you can help make this year even more productive than the last at the @OurOcean international coastal cleanup this Saturday. Visit   to learn more. Together, we can achieve a positive future for our ocean. The International Coastal Cleanup began in 1986 with 2,800 volunteers recovering 124 tons of trash in Texas. Last year, nearly 800,000 volunteers combed lakes, rivers and beaches in 106 countries across the globe to collect over 10,000 tons of trash. Check for weather-related news announcements from the State of Delaware on:  …pic.twitter.com/W9EgP8PHnO Wondering what you can do to prepare for a hurricane? Watch the video in the link below, from Public Health:  #netDE #Delaware … Praying for everyone in the path of #HurricaneFlorence. Please stay alert and safe. … Great to join the @DelStateUniv community for messages of change and transformation at this morning’s 8th Annual President’s Prayer Breakfast! Moving sermon from Rev. Erika Crawford of Dover’s Mt. Zion AME Church.pic.twitter.com/OyFmWc5wqz – bei MLK Student Center Empowering women across the globe to reach their full economic potential lifts up families and communities. Eager to work with my colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to pass the bipartisan Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act! #WEEEAct Denying the official death toll in Puerto Rico and blaming Democrats rather than learning the hard lessons of Hurricane Maria and fully preparing for Hurricane Florence is another troubling example of our President blaming others rather than facing facts and leading responsibly. … At Kavanaugh hearing, Alicia Baker, a pastor in Indiana whose insurer denied coverage for her contraception, asks: “What happens to those who cannot pay for their birth control?"pic.twitter.com/CwXLKgMYRD At Kavanaugh hearing, 13-year-old Jackson Corbin speaks about the importance of upholding the protections for people with preexisting conditions in the ACA: "I am privileged to represent 130 million people with preexisting conditions today.”pic.twitter.com/27cH1ML65F I have more questions for Judge Kavanaugh after his Judiciary Committee hearings last week. He owes the American people answers. Read my written questions:  … At Kavanaugh hearing, Nixon’s WH counsel John Dean delivers powerful testimony: “There is much to fear from an unchecked president who is inclined to abuse his powers. That is a fact I can attest to from personal experience.”pic.twitter.com/AwoZMyCxQe Honored to join a number of Delaware faith leaders tonight as part of the interfaith 9/11 service at Holy Rosary in Claymont. This annual event brings together the faith community for an evening of prayer and song in remembrance of those lives lost September 11, 2001.pic.twitter.com/NCkiRVuoNH – bei Holy Rosary Roman Catholic Church On this anniversary, let us honor their memory by praying for those who continue to serve us at home and abroad, and rededicate ourselves to being a nation indivisible, committed to the core principles of our democracy. Thank you DMA for hosting this moving event. It was an honor to join students from the Delaware Military Academy this morning to remember those we lost on September 11, 2001.pic.twitter.com/rfZfFOCzyt Along with partners @ChrisCoons and @RepLBR I’m asking that the #FarmBill gives new Delaware poultry farmers access to the funding they need to carry out practices that benefit the environment and our economy. Our letter to key congressional negotiators: … .@ChrisCoons: I think Americans of all parties, particularly given our current context, should be concerned about Judge Kavanaugh’s decisions on presidential power. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/zdwJCtkwM0 We have a lot more to do to make sure students from all backgrounds can access, afford, and graduate from higher education institutions with meaningful degrees. Below is the letter I wrote to the editor of @usnews requesting they make this change. It will help to encourage schools to shift their priorities to efforts that would improve outcomes for low-income students.pic.twitter.com/4eEBsxCK27 Colleges should be rewarded not just for how exclusive they are, but for how inclusive they are.   I’m pleased to see @usnews is taking a step in the right direction by adjusting their college rankings to include accessibility. Great to see this opinion piece by @Gadkaree highlighting my ASPIRE Act w/ @SenatorIsakson and the urgent need to promote racial and economic equity in higher education: … .@ChrisCoons: "The independence of the Department of Justice and its proprietorial decisions from presidential or political interference is one of the bedrocks of our democracy."pic.twitter.com/AFaGvFB2uT Tune into the Kavanaugh hearing now to hear John Dean, President Nixon's White House Counsel, testify. Mr. Dean knows a thing or two about presidential accountability.pic.twitter.com/zQanBxAXPH Exclusive: Chris Coons (D-DE), Senate Judiciary Committeepic.twitter.com/hgb5QsJ3oY Sen. @ChrisCoons, D-Del., says a number of senators made telling points about the timing of when Judge Kavanaugh moved to being President Trump's list of potential nominees.  pic.twitter.com/fWBoqq5LC6 Good morning, Delaware! I’m calling in to talk with @WDEL in just a few minutes-tune in! Getting ready to join @NPR @MorningEdition at 7:00 to discuss the Kavanaugh hearings-tune in! I’ve been focusing on the Kavanaugh hearings all day but...Let’s Go @Eagles During today's hearing, @ChrisCoons questioned Brett Kavanaugh's views on presidential power.pic.twitter.com/3v9MiymLqt WATCH: @chriscoons, "I want to hear an honest answer about your view of presidential power." #KavanaughHearingspic.twitter.com/HT2IuCbrUu "You've said repeatedly you support the traditional practice of appointing special counsels. But you haven't acknowledged you've supported this practice because the president has retained the power to fire the special counsel at will," @ChrisCoons tells Brett Kavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/0OsBX7MXet .@ChrisCoons to Judge Kavanaugh: your “view of the president in our current context is profoundly dangerous.” #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/uEjHuAtOka The documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s record as a federal employee don’t belong to Republicans.   They don’t belong to the President.   They belong to the American people, period. pic.twitter.com/oz97NWXiRt If you care about a woman’s right to choose, you need to read this, tune into the Kavanaugh hearings, and call your Senator. … Brett Kavanaugh, 2003: “I am not sure that all legal scholars refer to Roe as the settled law of the land at the Supreme Court level since Court can always overrule its precedent, and three current Justices on the Court would do so.” … .@ChrisCoons: "Judge Kavanaugh is a very smart and very well grounded in his view of the law. I just think we have a different view about whether or not a president should be able to fire a special prosecutor at will." #TheStory  pic.twitter.com/U0BmRYQDYj In response to @ChrisCoons questioning, Judge Kavanaugh refuses to say it is constitutional for a president to *even be investigated.* #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/58jVtPYbtT WATCH: Under questioning from @ChrisCoons, Judge Kavanaugh confirms he believed that a president could fire a prosecutor criminally investigating him. He refuses to say if he still believes it.pic.twitter.com/KDQ0kqibCI "It's because of a view of the executive branch having all the power of the executive branch in the president's hands that you articulate across speeches interviews writings and an opinion this year. I think that's really your view of the executive branch." -@ChrisCoonspic.twitter.com/G9cGBp93Jp What could happen as a result of this lawsuit? 52 million Americans could lose quality health care coverage if those protections are invalidated from a Supreme Court ruling. Really important. Kavanaugh said 2 yrs ago he would “put the nail in the coffin of Morrison,” but today when asked by Sen @ChrisCoons if he would overturn it, would not answer. … After failing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Republicans are now trying to use the courts to gut the law and strip health care from millions of Americans – including those with pre-existing conditions. … Can a president fire a prosecutor who is investigating him? @ChrisCoons asks.   “I think all I can say, senator, is that was my view in 1998,” #Kavanaugh responds. 389,100 Delawareans live with a pre-existing condition.   And, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, insurance companies can no longer deny coverage or charge more because of a pre-existing condition. Great news for DE's Greenwood Volunteer Fire Company – they are recipients of a $218,000 Assistance to Firefighters Grant to help purchase critical equipment.  pic.twitter.com/PcxRATKnIr pic.twitter.com/AUVbiyYuSj pic.twitter.com/FhwuaIlTh8 What the heck is Morrison v. Olson? If you’re watching Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation hearing, you need to know. I explained it here:pic.twitter.com/6ahzUOmU2u We have to confront an uncomfortable, but important question:  Did President Trump nominate Judge Kavanaugh for a seat on the Supreme Court with an eye towards protecting himself? We’re not interviewing Judge Kavanaugh to be the president of a neighborhood civic association or to be a youth basketball coach.   We’re interviewing him for a lifetime appointment to the United States Supreme Court.  We should act like it.  ATTN DELAWAREANS: I’m questioning Judge Kavanaugh in tomorrow’s live, televised hearing.   What do you want me to ask? What concerns do you have?  Visit   and let me know! .@ChrisCoons on Kavanaugh nomination to the Supreme Court: “We should not be proceeding until we have the full documents that allow us to review the Judge’s records.”pic.twitter.com/dqjndNC8MS .@ChrisCoons: “We should not be proceeding until we have the full documents that allow us to review the judge’s records.”pic.twitter.com/3vU15vtMJH We should adjourn this hearing now.   This is no way to consider someone for a lifetime position on the Supreme Court. We (and in turn the American people) have only a TINY percentage of Judge Kavanaugh’s record, but here we are.  Why are my Republican colleagues forcing this hearing before we can even review Judge Kavanaugh’s record?  What are they trying to hide?pic.twitter.com/yYDTPFsWF3 Sen. @ChrisCoons says President Trump's tweets blasting AG Sessions over the indictments of GOP congressmen "are wrong on the law and wrong on the facts."pic.twitter.com/Pu1Q0zZx5L pic.twitter.com/9JkR055p3Z Nixon turned over the Watergate tapes because the Supreme Court ordered him to. Brett Kavanaugh has suggested they shouldn’t have done that. Here’s why that’s so important and so dangerous:pic.twitter.com/iupLVb2v4E Morrison v. Olson is a historic Supreme Court decision on the constitutionality of an independent counsel. But Judge Brett Kavanaugh “wants to put the final nail in [its] coffin.”  That matters. A lot. Here’s why:pic.twitter.com/PWbKPTviAZ This weekend we honor and remember the American worker—past and present. Throughout our history, we’ve made great strides from the establishment of child labor laws to the organization of labor unions that safeguard workers’ rights. #LaborDay2018pic.twitter.com/SA9MKIgwab Does this seem like a legitimate process for vetting someone for a lifetime Supreme Court seat to you?  Me neither. … I have spent the last several weeks reviewing Judge Kavanaugh’s public record, and I have significant concerns. I remain especially troubled by his view of executive power. The American people need to know whether Judge Kavanaugh thinks the President is above the law.pic.twitter.com/GObWnwiUSC Despite the fact that the American people will have access to only a small % of Judge Kavanaugh’s extensive record, his confirmation hearing is scheduled to begin next week. That’s unacceptable for a lifetime position on the nation’s highest court.pic.twitter.com/Yv6uuiEmkn My open letter to Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee:pic.twitter.com/sHBTxNh97u The next Supreme Court justice will help shape decisions that will impact Americans across the country and right here in Delaware. Every American voice should be heard in this process. What do you think about Judge Kavanaugh?      Joined @tammybaldwin @SenatorCarper and 20+ colleagues on resolution condemning the Trump administrations “junk insurance” plans. They eliminate life-saving protections for people w/ pre-existing conditions & fail to cover many basic health care services.   An honor to join Secretary Mattis and two dozen of my colleagues in saluting Senator McCain and his family as they arrived at Andrews AFB this evening.pic.twitter.com/be7Xd3ULzr The Senate Appropriations Subcommittee I help lead included a well-deserved 1.9% cost-of-living adjustment for federal employees in the 2019 funding bill. We did this on a bipartisan basis, and I won’t stop fighting for this much-needed raise in next year’s budget. These hardworking public servants, including thousands in Delaware, protect our communities and serve fellow Americans – from leading game-changing medical research to keeping our water clean and rushing to our aid during hurricanes and other natural disasters. Unacceptable that after signing a GOP tax bill that gave away tens of billions in corporate tax cuts & added $1 trillion to the debt, President Trump cites the need for government belt-tightening in his decision to slash a pay increase for federal workers … At Senator McCain’s services today, @JoeBiden also captured Senator McCain’s spirit and inspired us all to follow John’s example of selflessness and service in a way only Joe could. A fitting tribute for an amazing American. Leaving Arizona now after an inspiring service for my friend John McCain. From the speakers & music to the scripture passages & messages, John’s amazing and unique spirit was clearly present. Amidst the sadness of his loss, everyone was reminded of how lucky we were to know John Leaving the Capitol earlier this morning. Many of us are flying to Arizona this morning to attend Senator McCain’s funeral service-a somber day.pic.twitter.com/YmKCvNP6zH Democratic Senator @ChrisCoons says President Trump’s continued barrage against Attorney General Jeff Sessions is “all about the President's desire to interfere in or end the Mueller investigation”  pic.twitter.com/YmB1tGSWov Thanks to the support of @usdaRD, @delawaretech @CHEERdelaware & @polytechadulted will receive federal grants to help more Delawareans access critical services & technical education. For more info about the grants & how they will help our communities, see   Before Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings begin next week, I want to hear from Delawareans about what YOU think of his record & what YOU want me to find out. Please use this link here:   Sen. @ChrisCoons on calls for postponement of Kavanaugh proceedings: "At the end of the day what matters here is, are we taking our time to do our advice and consent role right?" #TheStorypic.twitter.com/JdM3w7oQc3 As of the last status update, 528 children remain separated from their parents – 23 of those children are under the age of 5. The trauma they are inflicting on these children could last a lifetime. #FamiliesBelongTogether … It’s been more than a month since the court-ordered deadline for the Trump administration to reunite children with their parents, but more than 500 children remain separated from their loved ones. #FamiliesBelongTogether … I’d like to hear your thoughts and concerns before the confirmation hearings begin next week. Please use this link to tell me what you think of Judge Kavanaugh:   As your Senator, it’s my job to thoroughly evaluate President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Kavanaugh, and to fully understand how his confirmation could impact Delawareans. Given the possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the President, doubts that Judge Kavanaugh believes a president can even be investigated, and the unprecedented lack of transparency regarding this nominee’s record, we should not move forward with hearings on September 4th.pic.twitter.com/iAPDnW8bbN Important, beautiful, and hopeful words from John McCain. Every American should read this, re-read it, and take it to heart.pic.twitter.com/fP4JwoTYAx In remembrance of the life and service of Senator John McCain, I've ordered the U.S. and Delaware flags to half staff effective immediately. Flags are to be returned to full staff at sunset Sunday, September 2, the day of Senator McCain’s interment.  pic.twitter.com/VOHz7mP59g Happy Independence Day to the people of Moldova!  Like Ukraine and Georgia, Moldova faces Russian troops occupying a portion of its territory. I stand with Moldova as the country pushes for democratic reform, strengthens the rule of law, & fights corruption. #IndependenceMoldova Would Democratic Sen. @ChrisCoons vote yes on a move to rename the Russell Senate office building after John McCain?  "Absolutely. I think it's a deserved honor."    pic.twitter.com/5HoC6pqar0 Just stopped by the @NCCelectionsDE to cast my absentee ballot for Delaware’s primary. I hope everyone who is registered, regardless of party, casts their ballot on Thursday, September 6.pic.twitter.com/drYI1NpJgA U.S. Senator @ChrisCoons on passing of Sen #JohnMcCain: “We’re at a moment in American history where we frankly need someone of his credibility, character & leadership more than we have in my lifetime.“ @CBSPhillypic.twitter.com/a9K19LaOmH Right now, my office in Washington is on the first floor of the Russell Senate Office Building, but I hope that very soon, I’ll be working in the McCain Senate Office Building. It would be an important and fitting tribute to one of the finest Senators we’ve ever seen. To honor Katherine Johnson’s accomplishments, I recently introduced the Hidden Figures Congressional Gold Medal Act to award medals to her and to 3 additional women who helped pave the way for women in science. #HiddenFigures I would like to wish Katherine Johnson a very happy 100th birthday! During her 35-year career at @NASA, she calculated trajectories for multiple space missions, including the first human spaceflight by an American. I’ll be on @6abc this morning on Inside Story with @matt_odonnell at 11:30 a.m. Tune in! I spoke with @NPR’s @NPRWeekend this morning about my good friend John McCain-listen below … .@ChrisCoons spoke with @NPRmelissablock about his late Senate colleague, @SenJohnMcCainpic.twitter.com/Lhc0Mafxzp As we say in the Senate, I’d like to associate myself with Senator Flake’s remarks. … Tonight, our country lost one of its best, most faithful servants. Rest in peace, John.pic.twitter.com/RjANC2SMsI Traveling with John to a dozen countries, including to a refugee camp in Jordan, a military base in Afghanistan and to the Hỏa Lò Prison in Hanoi, where he was tortured as a POW for more than five years, has taught me about America’s roles and responsibilities in the world. From his service in the United States Navy to his nearly four decades in Congress, John McCain literally lived a life of service to this country, and our nation is better for it. I have rarely met someone who cared so deeply, sacrificed so much, and represented the best of the United States of America like John McCain. Kavanaugh “wielded extraordinary influence as the adviser responsible for screening, reviewing and editing documents delivered to President Bush,” but Senate Republicans are hiding his White House records. That’s not how this process should work. … I spoke with ⁦@whyy⁩ yesterday after a very frustrating, disappointing meeting with Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh - read/listen below! … Those of us who believe in & care about importance of strengthening & deepening ties between the United States & Africa lost a giant yesterday. I mourn the passing of Amb. Princeton Lyman: skilled diplomat, top-notch professional, & kind human being who taught me a great deal.pic.twitter.com/2fSaM6mQIO Lithuania unveiled “Nemtsov Square” in front of Russian Embassy in Vilnius honoring slain Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. In February, I led the same effort w/@ChrisCoons & DC Council in Washington. Important message to Putin that the free world stands w/the oppressed. … I ask all Delawareans and Americans to join Annie and me in praying for John and his family. My friend John McCain’s life has been defined by his love for his country, his love for his family, and his unflinching bravery.  I know that today, despite his difficult condition, John is facing this moment with the same courage that he has always shown. The United States and South Africa share a history of racial injustice and reconciliation, and our relationship deserves more a clear-eyed and thoughtful approach. Instead of inserting himself into a sensitive and complicated debate in South Africa over how to rectify decades of apartheid-era land ownership policies, President Trump should support President Ramaphosa’s efforts to reform the South African economy. pic.twitter.com/ACbpqCevl3 I just finished a private meeting with Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.   Afterwards, I spoke with reporters about the meeting and Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination-check out the video below!   … I’m saddened to hear about the passing of Delaware disability rights activist Jamie Wolfe. Her decades of service and relentless advocacy on behalf of Delawareans with disabilities made Delaware a more accepting and accessible place to live.  pic.twitter.com/akqjalrj6b We can't forget that in one blaze after another, brave Delawareans have risked their lives and answered calls to assist communities. And it hasn’t just been in California – other deployments this summer include Idaho, Montana and Colorado. … Instead of trying to tear down our health care system, Republicans and President Trump should work with Democrats to improve the Affordable Care Act for all Americans. #ProtectOurCare  The Trump administration continues to do real damage to Americans’ health care by working to strip consumer protections and promoting junk health care plans that don’t provide the protections that many Americans need. #JunkCare  Congratulations to 2018 American Legion World Series Champions - Post 1 Delaware. Way to make history while representing the First State!  #NetDe  pic.twitter.com/qSez5MR7u6 President Trump’s longtime personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, pled guilty to eight felony counts, and his former Campaign Chairman, Paul Manafort, was found guilty of eight felony charges.    That is a striking level of criminality by individuals close to the President. I introduced bipartisan legislation to ensure the Special Counsel is able to complete his important work without interference.  That legislation passed the Judiciary Committee with strong bipartisan support earlier this year, & it is past time for the full Senate to vote on it. President Trump’s actions today will make our air more dangerous to breathe. We need to be moving forward on reducing emissions, not backward. This is irresponsible and unacceptable. … I’m grateful to all of Delaware’s firefighters for the sacrifices they make to keep us safe, and I am hopeful that this funding will help develop safeguards to protect them. incidence among firefighters.  Yesterday, I was proud to support passage of an appropriations amendment to provide $1 million to establish the Firefighter Cancer Registry. 1 risk to firefighters that we don’t hear a lot about is their increased risk of contracting cancers. This Congress, I co-sponsored the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2018 to create a registry at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to research and monitor cancer... Last month, my staff and I had the opportunity to visit the Delaware State Fire School and learn about the risks that Delaware’s firefighters face keeping us safe.pic.twitter.com/Ad4INy1JDg Timeless words about the critical role of the free press in our democracy:pic.twitter.com/OaYbOQ0Wrg This is no way to vet a nominee for a lifetime position on the Supreme Court. … I will work with Republicans and Democrats to oppose these reckless, unilateral cuts that will undermine U.S. interests, leadership and values. Foreign aid is a pillar of our int’l engagement – it’s in our interest for other countries to be stable and prosperous.   Congress understands this; the Trump administration must, too. Foreign aid opens markets for U.S. companies.    It addresses the root causes of violent extremism.    It feeds starving people.    It helps fight international diseases such as malaria, TB, HIV and AIDS. Mr. President, we should not unilaterally cut our foreign assistance, which advances U.S. interests and values and saves lives around the world. … “The committee should insist on seeing any documents with a bearing on Kavanaugh’s credentials.” … It touches my heart that another person so dear to me passed due to pancreatic cancer. It’s my hope we’ll see the day soon when there is a cure to this deadly disease. Along with so many others, I mourn the passing of #ArethaFranklin. With the voice of an angel and the gift of poetry, her legendary music remains the soundtrack of my life. #QueenofSoulpic.twitter.com/roxVdBADUy While I welcome the news of his release, I call on the Turkish government to release all prisoners of conscience – including American citizens like Pastor Andrew Brunson. In May, @SenThomTillis and I hosted a Senate Human Rights Caucus event about the erosion of human rights in Turkey, and I expressed concern about the unjust detention of Taner. I join with the friends, family, and colleagues of human rights defender Taner Kilic in celebrating his release from prison in Turkey. … Great to see @UDelaware Engineers Without Borders team in Chilimani, Malawi engineering a solution with their local partners for more water. STEM education in action! These Russian journalists were in the Central African Republic investigating the activities of Wagner, a private Russian mercenary group, when they were murdered. Our full letter here:  … Today, @marcorubio & I sent a letter to the UN demanding a full investigation into the murders of Orkhan Dzhemal, Kirill Radchenko, and Alexander Rastorguyev. Why are Senate Republicans rushing Judge Kavanaugh’s hearings before even the records they asked for are available? The Senate Judiciary Committee only has 2% of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House record.    How are Senators supposed to question a lifetime Supreme Court nominee without reviewing his or her full record? Anyone who believes in transparency should be asking why. Let’s be clear about what’s happening: Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings are in just a few weeks. Yet, only 1% of his White House documents are public.   99% of Justice Kagan’s White House record was provided to the public. This is a disservice to the United States Senate and to the American people who are entitled to see these records and to have them inform our confirmation hearing of the President’s nominee for the Supreme Court. Instead, the Committee will only see documents that Judge Kavanaugh’s former deputy selects and releases to the Senate — and he has only given us two percent of the total records. Let’s be clear about what’s happening: the National Archives has millions of pages of records on Judge Kavanaugh, and those records belong to the American people.  Even Chairman Grassley asked for 900,000 pages from the Nat’l Archives, but Republicans won’t even wait to get those I’m deeply disappointed that Republicans have decided to rush the Supreme Court confirmation hearings for Judge Kavanaugh without our having access to his full record.  *Both parties* used to believe in fully vetting nominees for life-tenured positions on the Supreme Court This is inhumane and unacceptable.   This crisis that President Trump created is STILL not over, and there are STILL 559 innocent kids who have now been without their parents for weeks #FamiliesBelongTogether … We are currently seeking intern candidates for the Fall ‘18 semester in our Wilmington and Dover offices. This experience is an exciting way for college students to learn more about the Senate and how the work in the Senate impacts Delawareans. Learn more:  pic.twitter.com/CoYcxe9ck7 These tactics have no place in a democracy, and the government must ensure they stop immediately.   My full statement:  … I’m watching the situation in Zimbabwe closely, and I’m concerned about reports of arbitrary arrests, detentions, and government-sponsored violence. I'm now fine & fully recovered, but when I left Saint Francis a couple months ago I was more determined than ever to work with my colleagues to fix the persistent issues in our health care policies. We’re in this together. Read my oped @delawareonline: … When it comes to health care, partisan gridlock in Washington has real-life impacts on millions of Americans, because access to quality health care isn’t just a political issue. It’s a matter of life and death, and partisan differences get in the way of solutions. I’ve been to hospitals plenty of times, but until this summer, I’d never spent a night in a hospital as a patient. Being stuck in the hospital taught me some important lessons. Namely, the serious hurdles we still have to overcome to build the health care system Americans deserve Each of these women played an important role at @NASA during the Space Race, but for too long their accomplishments remained hidden. I hope this legislation will help to recognize these women as they continue to serve as an inspiration to younger generations for years to come. Proud to introduce the #HiddenFigures Congressional Gold Medal Act with my colleagues @lisamurkowski & @SenKamalaHarris to honor Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, Mary Jackson, & Christine Darden for their amazing accomplishments at @NASA. Pleased to hear that @usedgov & @DeptVetAffairs have partnered to notify veterans with service-connected disabilities that may be eligible to have their federal student loans discharged tax-free, following the letter @senrobportman, @SenAngusKing & I sent: … The continent of Africa is rife with opportunity—and China has noticed. The country’s growing political and economic influence could have consequences for Americans. @ChrisCoons & @SecretaryRoss explain. #AmericaLeads  The answer to all of this is easy. Let’s just do this the way it’s supposed to be done: 1. Get Judge Kavanaugh’s full record from the National Archives. 2. Review the record. 3. Vote for or against his confirmation. That isn’t too much to ask-it’s the least our county deserves. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. No Senator should vote on a lifetime Supreme Court nominee without reviewing his or her full record. Period. The idea that Senate Rs aren’t willing to have Judge Kavanaugh’s full record vetted in a nonpartisan way before voting to confirm him is antithetical to the way the judicial confirmation process is supposed to work. It’s a dereliction of our constitutional duty to advise&consent Senate Republicans refused to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland for 10 months.  Now, they are in such a rush to confirm Judge Kavanaugh that they might not even wait for the release of his full records? The point of all this is: Science matters. The facts and research that drive science matter.   And we should make sure that as we set policy for the United States, we’re utilizing science, scientists, and all the available facts, analysis, and data sets we can get our hands on. I don’t know the nominee - Kelvin Droegemeier from the University of Oklahoma – but I look forward to digging into his background and record and meeting with him to see if I will support his confirmation. Then, yesterday, good news from @realDonaldTrump – he named a well-qualified meteorologist as his top science & tech advisor. I don’t always agree with the President, but I want him to succeed – and I think filling this position is important. … And it wasn’t just me asking!  Lots of folks were urging the President to fill this position and take advantage of the Office of Science and Technology Policy – which has been largely empty during this Administration … Last week – I wrote a letter to @realDonaldTrump urging him to name a science advisor (almost two years into his term, he still didn’t have one!) and prioritize science & innovation so we don’t fall behind China and otherspic.twitter.com/id8kpfh6qx Commentary: China is "pouring money into in Africa." Here's how the U.S. can level the playing field, @ChrisCoons and @SecretaryRoss write.  Ahead of election results in Zimbabwe, @CoryBooker, @SenatorIsakson, and I call for the violence to stop and all to exercise restraint and remain calm:  … This bill will allow all veterans to take credit exams and receive portfolio assessments for free, saving them time and money as they work toward a degree. Our veterans deserve the opportunity to translate their valuable military training into college credit. Our veterans rarely get college credit for training they receive while serving our country. @SenJoniErnst and I are teaming up on a bipartisan bill to fix that. Read more about the Military Learning for Credit Act in @MilitaryTimes ↓ … "China is 'pouring money into Africa.' Here's how the US can level the playing field" -- read my op-ed with @CommerceGov @SecretaryRoss urging the Senate to pass the BUILD Act on @CNBC ↓ … Republicans AND Democrats are calling on the Trump Admin to give us answers on the humanitarian crisis at our border.   The Admin separated children from their parents without any plan to reunite these families. We have to fix this NOW.pic.twitter.com/cDQFOFPOoN .@CoryBooker & I are calling on the Govt of South Sudan to release Peter Ajak & other political prisoners immediately, & respect the rule of law & freedoms that are necessary pillars of peace in South Sudan. Our statement:  … I’ve been hearing @realDonaldTrump and @RudyGiuliani claiming that ‘collusion is not a crime.’ Well, I took the liberty of reading the U.S. code myself. Here’s what the law actually says:pic.twitter.com/qW2GPxuDdC Will our Republican colleagues support the amendment? I hope so. We’re going to vote on the amendment at about 11:00 this AM… This morning, we’re offering an amendment to our annual appropriations bill that would provide $250 million in election security grants to states – money states are telling us they need to protect their elections! Just yesterday – Facebook had to shut down 32 pages and fake accounts that were trying to sow more division in the United States – let’s be clear, this is an attack on our democracy … Sen @ChrisCoons : what I think we heard in today's hearing from witnesses across a number of agencies was that the Trump administration had no clear or coherent plan for how to reconcile, how to reunite parents and children.pic.twitter.com/ZrkqhI9R58 We’ve got to keep working to address the opioid crisis every way possible-I just introduced a *bipartisan* bill to ensure DEA can track irregular shipments of opioids and help ensure they don’t end up in the wrong hands   … This is happening in the United States of America.   I refuse to tolerate this.   Today, I joined my colleagues in demanding an investigation into these reports to get to the bottom of this and hold the responsible officials accountable.pic.twitter.com/goIG1saLqm Now, we’ve learned that DHS officials may have destroyed records of children separated from their parents – that is illegal and only prolongs the unnecessary suffering these parents and children have already gone through. President Trump created a humanitarian crisis by adopting a “zero-tolerance” policy along our southern border for people fleeing violence and poverty in their home countries.   That policy included cruelly separating young children and even babies from their parents. I look forward to working with the administration to fully realize the possibilities of American Dream Accounts for students across the country. Moments like these are a reminder that when we work together, we can still accomplish important things, like helping ensure that every child in America has an equal opportunity to access technical training and higher education. Thrilled to announce that today President Trump signed my bipartisan bill with @marcorubio into law. Our bill will help to expand access to technical training and college.   Learn more:  … Without ALL of Judge Kavanaugh’s records, the Senate won’t be prepared to fully vet his nomination. I look forward to reviewing these documents so that we can do our job. So, today, Judiciary Committee Democrats sent a letter to the National Archives to request these documents ourselves.   Read our letter:pic.twitter.com/vf179XvkcK It is absolutely critical that we’re able to assess Judge Kavanaugh’s FULL record – including his time at the White House as Staff Secretary.   But right now, Chairman Grassley is refusing to seek those documents. Through coordinating sustainability efforts across research, technology, & education, we can make an impact on the health of our planet while advancing the global chemical market. Today, I joined with @SenatorCollins in introducing legislation to help to maintain U.S. scientific leadership & the sustainability of our chemical enterprise. Read more:  … We can do so much more to ensure that everything around us is produced in a way that protects our health & our planet. Judge Kavanaugh himself has said that the Staff Secretary position was one of the most formative in his career, and without the records from that time, the Senate simply won’t be prepared to fully vet his nomination. That’s a disservice to the American people and to the Senate. I am deeply disappointed that Chairman Grassley declined to seek those documents. There is no good reason for the omission, and I hope he will change his mind. The next Supreme Court justice will have a significant impact on the lives of all Americans. That’s why it’s absolutely critical that we’re able to assess Judge Kavanaugh’s full record, including his time as White House Staff Secretary. Great to join Shawn Cook and DoBug, of Dixondel Farms whose family has been showing animals for more than 50 years at @DelStateFairpic.twitter.com/R7VkjYcLVp Getting ready to join @sumospeak on @Delaware1059 and @wdel to discuss what I’m doing today at the @DelStateFair and about the issues facing our country. If you can’t tune in, stream it live! Looking forward to visiting the 99th Annual @DelStateFair today. I’ll be joining the @DelawareFFA for their annual awards breakfast and will tour the fairgrounds with Sec. Scuse of @AgricultureDE A recusal is critical to ensure public confidence in the investigation. Given Mr. Benczkowski’s work on the Trump transition and his representation of a Russian bank’s possible communications with Trump Organization servers, he should be recused from all aspects of Mueller’s investigation. Every American is entitled to the assurance that the Department of Justice is independent, and that criminal prosecutions will rise and fall with the facts and the law – nothing else. I joined my colleagues in asking leaders at the DOJ to detail the ethical agreements binding the newly confirmed head of the Criminal Division, Brian Benczkowski.pic.twitter.com/J0SHJnitC1 I object to China’s attempt to intimidate companies and wash away Taiwan’s existence as a democracy committed to human rights and the rule of law. I stand with the State Department and my Congressional colleagues in supporting Taiwan’s correct designation on websites. I spoke to Sec of State Pompeo today and told him that our President’s statements have confused our allies and encouraged our adversaries. He’s also sent unclear, mixed messages at a time when the United States must speak to the world with a clear voice … I look forward to working with the administration to fully realize the possibilities of American Dream Accounts for students across the country. If we want to ensure that American workers can compete in the global economy, we must ensure that every child has access to technical training & higher education. Today, I’m thrilled that Congress passed my bipartisan bill w @marcorubio to expand access to technical training & college for low-income students.  … Senior Trump administration officials are openly saying the opposite of what President Trump said in Helsinki. If cabinet level officials are saying we cannot trust Putin, then why is President Trump inviting him to the White House?pic.twitter.com/7HNF9yp3P6 Today Senator @ChrisCoons & I met w/ the UK Secretary of State @LiamFox to reaffirm our 2 nations’ strong economic relationship & our commitment to pursuing a mutually-beneficial bilateral trade agreement after the Brexit process is complete.pic.twitter.com/jOEXRIvWOS Sen. Klobuchar, @SenatorLeahy & @ChrisCoons just introduced an amendment to the spending bill that would provide additional funds for election security. We can’t ask states to protect our election infrastructure against foreign attacks without giving them the resources to do it. The President seems to be following the same playbook he followed in North Korea with Iran. He threatened some sort of aggressive all-out nuclear war on Twitter, then did a 180-degree turn and only produced a handshake photo op. When President Trump repeatedly conducts diplomacy over Twitter in a way that is unrelated to the reality on the ground, the United States loses our credibility internationally.pic.twitter.com/LFzVIfTb9D We’ve gathered leading experts & industry leaders to have an open & frank discussion on how best to protect consumers’ privacy while also allowing American companies to innovate. I’m happy to join with @JeffFlake today at the Privacy, Technology, & the Law Subcommittee roundtable on consumer data protection & privacy. The number of data breaches that have occurred over the past few years show how each of us can easily fall victim to hacks that abuse our personal data.  It is critical we get to the bottom of this & examine & fix the policies that allowed these breaches to occur. This morning at 10AM, @JeffFlake & I are hosting a roundtable discussion on privacy & consumer data protection. Join us in Dirksen Senate Office Building, Room 226! Two updates: 1. Once again, a single Senator objected to passing this resolution.  2. We’re not going to stop until the Senate speaks in a clear, unified, bipartisan voice. … After some delay, this is happening NOW on the Senate floor … The bottom line is this: the #ACA has helped millions of Americans like Nicole and Kim live healthier, more secure lives.   They are what this debate is about, and we need to put politics aside and do our job. Losing pre-existing condition protections would be devastating for Nicole. It would be devastating for Kim from Wilmington, who is among the 190K Delawareans now able to get insurance because her cancer isn’t considered a pre-existing condition. These efforts to undermine the #ACA culminated last month with the Trump administration’s decision to no longer defend core components of the #ACA, including protections for those with pre-existing conditions. Unfortunately, we’ve seen consistent efforts by many Republicans in Congress – and now the administration – to undermine the #ACA and, as a result, roll back progress to extend quality, affordable health care to more Americans. Just listen to Nicole from Hockessin, Delaware: Her daughter has Cystic Fibrosis. Her $5,000-a-month medications aren’t cheap. Nicole is confident that without the #ACA, she would exceed her annual cap well before the end of each year. Since the #ACA, 38,000 Delawareans have gained access to high quality, comprehensive healthcare coverage. 68,000 Delawareans have benefitted from Medicaid expansion. Mr. President, American farmers are plenty patient – but they know and all of us know that your senseless trade wars are devastating our agriculture sector. Farmers in Delaware and the U.S. deserve better. … And congratulations to Thomas Family Farms in Marydel, DE for receiving a @usdaRD grant to invest in a high efficiency grain dryer, saving the farm $16k per year by saving enough electricity to power 40 homes! Congratulations to two Delaware farms on receiving @usdaRD grants for investment of #solar #renewableenergy systems - Chickamore Farm and On The Bend Farms in Laurel! At approx. 5:30PM: @JeffFlake & I will, once again, go to the floor to ask our colleagues to speak in a bipartisan voice to say that Russia interfered with our election & that they must be held accountable.   If a Senator disagrees, they must come to the floor & explain why.pic.twitter.com/Iq27cPK6pH Welcome to D.C, @DelawareFFA! We need more young people like you – ready to do hard work and lead our country into the future. Feeling inspired after speaking with you all and eager to facilitate more opportunities for agricultural education.pic.twitter.com/2uQEgWKhP5 The Trump admin has dragged its feet in implementing sanctions against Russia. If we want to deter aggressive action against our 2018 election, we should take up and pass the bipartisan DETER Act, intro’d by @marcorubio and @ChrisVanHollen. Rather than following Pres. Trump’s tweets, we should be focusing on strengthening our infrastructure, protecting our upcoming election, and helping the American people be clear-eyed about the very real threat Russia presents to the U.S.pic.twitter.com/aOGYjMDsGX It is clear that Mueller’s investigation is not a rigged witch hunt, and there is more and more information building that Russia continues to be our most aggressive adversary. … I agree with @SenatorLeahy, and as a fellow member of the Judiciary Committee, I believe we need to review every page of Judge Kavanaugh’s record. … Proud that my friend and businesswoman Linda Masley will be representing Delaware manufacturers at the White House's "Made in America" event. Great gloves and a great story! @MasleyGloves #MadeInAmericapic.twitter.com/LKu8sLs83x If you’re a farmer who has experienced losses and you’re interested in applying, you can learn more from your local @usdafsa office about how to apply. This designation allows farm operators in Sussex, Kent, and New Castle Counties eligible to be considered for emergency loans from the @usdafsa the next eight months. Last week, the @USDA announced its designation of Sussex and Kent Counties as primary natural disaster areas due to losses from excessive rain and flooding. Looking forward to the upcoming week in Washington and in Delawarepic.twitter.com/KfUikOZ6ON – bei Amtrak/SEPTA: Wilmington Station Made my 1st visit to Tyler’s Camp this morning, visiting with the campers as they explored their artistic, athletic and tech sides of who they are. The young people and the volunteers who help coach the camp are full of energy and positivity - thank you for welcoming me!pic.twitter.com/odnzXdqAW1 Today, I’m urging the Trump administration to promote science in policymaking to ensure the U.S. stays at the forefront of scientific advancement. Read my letter:pic.twitter.com/YXyBO5BzmK Investments in scientific R&D are crucial for spurring economic growth and sustaining competitiveness. Yet, with an administration that disregards the value of science, our role as a global leader in science and innovation is at risk. Let’s all do our part - look in your medicine cabinets and take expired/unused medications to one of the many drug takeback kiosks in our area and dispose of them properly. Thank you! #NetDEpic.twitter.com/up9i5lV9kO We’re at @Walgreens in Wilmington this morning with partner @Healthcare_ABC celebrating the expansion of their drug takeback kiosks in Delaware. A basic concept, but key in keeping medications out of the hands of young people and people who shouldn’t have them.pic.twitter.com/Mpn6XMZJtl The House passed the BUILD Act last week.  Now it is the Senate’s turn to vote to modernize development finance and fight poverty overseas! … Proud to join @SenBennetCO @SenatorCollins @ChrisCoons & 23 bipartisan Senators to urge the Administration to #KeepFamiliesTogether, make this the default position for migration policy, & continue to work with the faith community on family reunification.  …pic.twitter.com/CcMp37fq9x I joined @SenatorCarper and @LisaBRochester in sending a letter to US Agriculture Secretary Perdue last week asking him to ensure that the Trump Administration takes actions to protect our farmers and resolve this trade dispute with China.pic.twitter.com/QU5BfW13aU Actually, Mr. President, earlier this year, soybean prices were over $10.50 a bushel. Since you announced trade actions against China, and China responded w/ tariffs on soybeans, they have plunged to less than $8.50 a bushel. Your trade wars are hurting farmers in Delaware … Proud to see my American Dream Accounts Act w @SenRubioPress introduced in the House this week by @DrPhilRoe and @teammoulton … If anyone believes the Republicans’ 51-49 margin in the Senate makes judicial confirmations automatic, today proves that’s not the case. Make your voices heard! #CourtsMatter … Here’s the letter @SenatorCarper and I just sent to President Trump (with more than two dozen BIPARTISAN colleagues) with a clear message: “The United States government should not separate children from their families.”pic.twitter.com/wS7nmdTtuH W/@SenatorLankford, @ChrisCoons, @SenatorCollins & two dozen others, just issued the first bipartisan statement opposing #FamilySeparation. The default position of the U.S. should be to keep families together. We’re urging @POTUS to work w/the faith community to reunify families. At 11:30, @JeffFlake & I will go to the Senate floor to ask our colleagues to speak in a clear, bipartisan voice to say that we know Russia interfered with our election and that they must be held accountable.  If a Senator disagrees, they need to come to the floor & explain why. Thank you to Latvia & other partners who help keep the transatlantic alliance strong!  Honored to meet with Latvian senior officials including their Foreign Minister two weeks ago in Riga. #WeAreNATOpic.twitter.com/outWNfQgrm Our #NATO Allies invoked Article V to defend the United States after we were attacked on 9/11.  Over 1,000 non-U.S. #NATO troops have died since then fighting alongside us in Afghanistan. Great to meet our #NATO Allies from Canada in Latvia at Adazi Military Base outside Riga, just miles from the Russian border 2 weeks ago. Thank you to our #NATO partners & #NATO Enhanced Forward Presence for all that you do to deter Russian aggression in the Baltics!  #WeAreNATOpic.twitter.com/vcNlrvpjJG After the President’s actions over the past week, it’s important for the Senate to speak in a clear, bipartisan voice to say that we stand with & believe our Dept. of Justice & our Intelligence Community and that we will not tolerate future attacks from Russia or anyone else Just intro’d a resolution with @JeffFlake reaffirming our Intel Community’s assessment of Russian attacks on our democracy & stating that Russia must be held accountable.  Tomorrow in the Senate-we will ask for all our colleagues to pass it unanimously    … “The president should want this investigation to follow the facts where they lead and bring America the answers we all deserve.” An important message from a former FBI and CIA director: … Charitable giving will decrease by $17.2 billion this year due to changes in the tax code. We support @SenatorLankford and @ChrisCoons raising this critical issue with Treasury Sec. @stevenmnuchin1  Thank you for all that you do to keep Delaware and Delawareans safe! … I requested documents and an interview with Maria Butina to determine if she used the NRA to establish communications or funnel Russian money to the Trump campaign. She refused to comply, citing the lack of Republican support. Today she was charged for acting as a Russian agent. "Our President knew for days that there were pending indictments of 12 Russian military intelligence officers for interfering in our election, yet he persisted repeatedly last week in continuing to call the Mueller investigation a rigged witch-hunt," Sen. Chris Coons sayspic.twitter.com/uGLWiucxYu This is unacceptable.   We must continue to hold the administration accountable, and we cannot stop until all of these children are reunited with their families.   #FamiliesBelongTogether The crisis of children being separated from their parents at the border is something the President created. There wasn’t a pressing need for this policy – he just decided to implement it.   And, now, the Trump administration is unwilling and unable to deal with this crisis. LISTEN: @ChrisCoons told @JonScottFNC, "I'm talking with colleagues today about ways that we might send a strong bipartisan message to the administration that we urge tougher sanctions on Russia."pic.twitter.com/pEI3OO5ZfB Proud to co-lead the Senate’s Malaria & Neglected Tropical Disease Caucus, which highlights the value of U.S. investment in eradicating diseases worldwide. Our investments are having real impacts: … Thanks for hosting this important conversation! … Fighting wildlife crime isn’t an issue of charity for other countries – it’s an issue of our own national security. #BipartisanUSIP There is a bipartisan understanding in Congress that wildlife trafficking and poaching supports and funds instability and terrorism. Tune in to my @USIP conversation with @RepEdRoyce #BipartisanUSIP … We'll be LIVE in about ten minutes with @RepEdRoyce, @HouseForeign chairman, and Senator @ChrisCoons to discuss congressional efforts to counter wildlife trafficking and poaching. Watch:  … #BipartisanUSIPpic.twitter.com/6RVOOofati Wildlife trafficking isn’t just an issue of conservation. It represents a multibillion-dollar industry that threatens our national security. Discussing this topic and more tomorrow AM with @RepEdRoyce. #BipartisanUSIP Tune in:  … We should, in a bipartisan way, reaffirm that we will not accept Russia’s lawless attacks on our country & our allies, & we should pass bipartisan legislation to ensure that the President cannot end or interfere with the Special Counsel’s investigation. Today’s summit & press conference should be an unmistakable call to members of Congress.  We must reassert our responsibility for security & the rule of law in the United States. President Trump repeated the lie that Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation into Russian attacks on our election is a ‘witch hunt,’ & he did it while standing next to Putin. That is both alarming & unacceptable. Second, President Trump was given a choice between backing the U.S. law enforcement & intelligence communities or siding with Vladimir Putin. He picked Putin. First, @POTUS’ refusal to strongly & publicly hold Putin & Russia accountable for attacking our 2016 election, propping up the murderous Assad regime, & illegally invading Crimea was a historic failure of leadership that will have lasting consequences for natl & global security Let me remind you why we are in this low point in bilateral relations. Putin has sought to undermine the international order through overt aggression, such as his armed interventions in Georgia in 2008 and Ukraine in 2014, and his interference in our 2016 election. A better understanding of Russia will lead to better policy, and potentially, a more constructive relationship. Only a clear-eyed, bipartisan strategy to confront Putin’s Russia and contain it will prevent him from further damaging our society and our interests. At the same time, we must remember that Russia is a great civilization worthy of respect:   I am concerned that President Trump fails to understand Putin, the nature of Putin’s Russia, and will fail to deliver the right message. The current Russian govt under Vladimir Putin is a persistent danger to American democracy, our European allies, and the rule of law. This summit holds great consequence for the U.S. relationship with Russia and Europe and the future of the American-led international order, which has helped promote global peace and stability since World War II. Today, on the day of the summit between Pres. Trump and Russian Pres. Putin, I’m delivering remarks at @chq on the U.S. relationship with Russia and Europe. Tune in here:   "Exactly what is said today in Helsinki between President Trump and President Putin, exactly what happens at this important meeting, may, like Russia itself, remain a great mystery": Sen. @ChrisCoons outlines what he finds "risky" about the one-on-one Trump-Putin meetingpic.twitter.com/UQjoxYIZBq .@ChrisCoons on Trump, Putin meeting: "I think it's too late for him to cancel the summit. But President Trump needs to make it clear that he knows who he is meeting with." #FoxNewsSunday  pic.twitter.com/QFkWFfgxEq .@ChrisCoons on Russia: "President Putin is the first Russian leader since Stalin to expand their territory. We can't allow this to go unchallenged." #FoxNewsSundaypic.twitter.com/1Ek5hvSjvg The European Union helps extend American political and economic influence around the world.   These countries are democracies that share our values and share common interests when it comes to Russia and China. No. Absolutely no.   This is exactly the wrong message and exactly what Putin wants Trump to say. … Tomorrow Exclusive: Senator Chris Coons on Fox News Sunday @ChrisCoonspic.twitter.com/7S3saBDuHz Thank you to DSFS Director Robert Newnam, DSFS Senior Instructor Tucker Dempsey and all the other instructors & volunteer #firefighters from @CheswoldFire and Leipsic Fire Company for hosting today’s demonstrations & training!pic.twitter.com/Ori5kR69Xo – bei Delaware State Fire School Great day celebrating $5M in federal funds for the Delaware River Basin Restoration Program! … I cherish my partnership w/ @BiggsMuseum that allows us to display some of their prized works in my offices in DC and DE offices. Today Ryan Grover, Curator, and Charles Guerin, Executive Director, helped me select pieces that tell our state’s story through art. #NetDEpic.twitter.com/Sx2f7lZVhj “We believe that even in times of tight budgets, we have a moral obligation to support our neighbors most in need, and charities play an essential role in doing just that.” -From my bipartisan letter w @SenatorLankford … Thank you to @SenatorCarper, @ChrisCoons, @USFWS, @DucksUnlimited and DNREC for joining in to celebrate historical first-time funding for the #DelRiverWatershed! The #DelawareRiver Basin Restoration Program means a cleaner, healthier watershed for us all.  pic.twitter.com/UQVlBAVHEi My good friend @SenatorLankford and I are worried about the alarming decreases in charitable giving in the United States following significant changes to the tax code.pic.twitter.com/1kQWJCUwx6 On the day Trump is scheduled to meet with Putin, DEs @ChrisCoons - foreign relations cmte member - gives a speech on the US relationship with Russia:   Great to be with more than 70 middleschoolers at @DelStateUniv celebrating their graduation from their three week @verizon STEM program. While many students their age may be still sleeping, they are up, expanding their educational horizons. Thank you for having me! #netDEpic.twitter.com/bNKPPCJfTQ This is harming our national security, our chances at better trade deals, and folks in Delaware. It’s a bad idea, period. I’m hearing from folks in Delaware, from port workers at the docks to soybean farmers in southern Delaware, who feel the negative impact of these trade wars already! There are a lot of problems with President Trump’s trade wars, but my biggest concern is that the President’s actions are already hurting DELAWARE and DELAWAREANS up and down our state.pic.twitter.com/oNlEah3lqN The highlight of my day was welcoming Thomas to Capitol Hill for his day as a U.S. Senator. Thank you @MakeAWish and @SenGaryPeters for bringing this passionate and bright young man here to meet us. Hope to see you soon, Thomas!pic.twitter.com/iSeNj8140o NATO defense spending has increased since President Trump’s comments. Sen. @ChrisCoons, D-Del., told @rachelnpr the President Trump “should declare victory” and stand with NATO allies.  pic.twitter.com/TrWvISojGU It continues unshakable, 70 year U.S. commitment to Israeli security & will help defend against threats from terrorist groups, Iran, and Syria. Proud the Foreign Relations Committee approved my bill w/ @marcorubio to authorize security assistance to Israel.  … The Foreign Relations Committee is voting later today to state clearly that the President should not recognize Russian annexation of Crimea or do anything to weaken the NATO alliance. This bipartisan resolution will get nearly unanimous support. The door to NATO membership should remain open to those European countries wishing to join the alliance. All but one of the 28 allies are increasing defense spending, 26 are sending more troops to NATO missions, 16 are on track to spend 2% by 2024, which is the official agreed upon NATO target.  We should be applauding them and supporting them – not attacking them at a summit. The combined defense budget of NATO has grown by $14.4 billion since Trump took office, a trend that began after Obama’s call for 2% of GDP defense spending at NATO’s Wales Summit in 2014. Over 1,000 non-U.S. NATO troops have died fighting alongside U.S. troops in Afghanistan. Our key NATO allies are rightly concerned about President Trump’s commitment to an alliance that has served U.S. interests. President Trump should be locking arms with our NATO allies and working with them against our real adversary, Russia.pic.twitter.com/xxzvt3P15w This morning, I was glad to have the chance to speak with Dr. Matthew Burrows, the superintendent of the Appoquinimink School District, about the importance of federal funding for education in the First State and the great work happening in Appo!pic.twitter.com/8tBamvsADP After working on the transition team, Mr. Benczkowski represented Alfa Bank regarding possible communications with Trump Tower servers.  Now, he gets a plum job with the ability to impact the Russia investigation, and he refuses to recuse from it. This is not about the representation of an unpopular client.  The question here is why President Trump nominated someone to lead the criminal division who has barely set foot in a courtroom. Deeply disappointed by the Trump admin’s attempts to slash funding for the Exchange’s navigators program. Navigators provide critical assistance to Americans looking for a plan. … Republicans don't need support from Democrats to confirm Judge Kavanaugh. Sen @ChrisCoons, D-Del., says his confirmation is not a "foregone conclusion."  pic.twitter.com/mrhX6NgCRw Great meeting with @TeachForAmerica CEO @VillanuevaBeard and discussing TFA’s impact and the power of national service. Thank you for your leadership!pic.twitter.com/A3HT0vICev It is my hope that Americans will realize that #CourtsMatter and this nominee will have an impact. As we dig into his record, please take up your role as citizens and speak out. The Supreme Court is not an academic institution. It is the place where justices apply the Constitution to our society, to our lives, to our families. Courts have consequences.pic.twitter.com/TJ3uLBwRmv We need a leader of the DOJ Criminal Division who is independent, impartial, and qualified. I urge the administration to send us another nominee. Not only is Mr. Benczkowski unqualified and inexperienced, he formerly represented a Russian bank with potential ties to the Trump campaign. Today, Senate Republicans are quietly pushing a vote on Brian Benczkowski to head the DOJ Criminal Division. This vote could have a major impact on the investigation into Russian meddling in our 2016 election. If you don’t like the ways this new justice will impact your life, speak up, get active, and vote! Today, I’m joining my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee to discuss what’s at stake. No matter what issue you care about most, you should care about the Supreme Court: … It’s not an understatement to say that the next justice confirmed to the Supreme Court will impact the lives of almost every American for a generation. Wonderful news this morning about the safe rescue of all 12 Thai boys and their coach - an incredible effort by the Thai government supported by an international team of volunteers. So happy for their parents and families. … My statement on President Trump’s nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Courtpic.twitter.com/mrNEH8TDBq Great to meet with so many bright young leaders visiting the U.S. today with @YALINetwork, @USMEPI, & @StudyoftheUS. I’m proud to fight for continued funding for these important programs!pic.twitter.com/o7M2OFoBV1 – bei Gore Recital Hall Looking forward to a week in Washington and Delaware working on behalf of Delawareans.pic.twitter.com/dTN827c74N Thank you for having me! Another great morning at @UDelaware … Glad to see @Starbucks making the decision to eliminate single-use plastic straws – decisions like this, by major companies, will help us fight against marine debris and move towards a more sustainable world This Supreme Court nomination is a big deal. If you don’t like how this next justice will likely impact everything from reproductive rights to health care to voting rights, speak up, get active, and vote!pic.twitter.com/CcbOz4wy7C "If you don't like the ways that this new justice is going impact everything from reproductive rights and health care to pre-existing condition protections, to labor rights and voting rights, speak up, get active and vote."  – Sen. @ChrisCoons  I encourage the administration to send us qualified, capable nominees without concerning Russia connections.pic.twitter.com/vfd3RA3WeM Every American should expect that the person nominated for this important position is qualified to meet the weighty demands of this job. Mr. Benczkowski does not pass this test. His lack of criminal and litigation experience should give all of us serious pause. Mr. Benczkowski’s lack of relevant experience and clear ties to a Russian bank are deeply troubling. In the midst of all that’s going on this week, Senate Republicans are trying to sneak in a vote on Brian Benczkowski, who has been nominated to serve as the Assistant AG in charge of the Criminal Division at the DOJ. What an amazing, inspiring rescue operation. Praying for the rest of the team members who are still trapped inside. … Sen. @ChrisCoons tells @FaceTheNation's @margbrennan he's concerned Singapore summit with North Korea last month was not much more than a "reality TV handshake summit."pic.twitter.com/Tt3zAKAHtb Sen. @ChrisCoons: I’m “very concerned” of things @POTUS might say or give away to Putin when they meet in Helsinkipic.twitter.com/IRmVNtEzEg Ready to join @margbrennan on @CBSNews @FaceTheNation to discuss the #SCOTUS and the upcoming NATO and Helsinki summitspic.twitter.com/vdbX6KzndZ Very important piece from former Senate Republican Leader Bill Frist - now is a time for all of us to respect the rule of law … SUNDAY:  @kaybaileyhutch (ambassador to @NATO)   @SenJoniErnst, R-Iowa  @ChrisCoons, D-Delaware  @jeffpeguescbs, author of "Kompromat"  Don't miss America's premier public affairs program  pic.twitter.com/Crbk4RcpCW We need to protect the Mueller investigation so it can be thorough and reach its conclusion. This is not about politics.  This is about protecting our democracy and the integrity of our justice system. I, too, have been deeply troubled by recent attacks on our law enforcement, our intelligence community, and the FBI. This is a time when all of us, Republicans and Democrats, need to stand up and make it clear that we are committed to the rule of law. Important read in @delawareonline by Delawarean Robert Anderson Jr: “We’re a nation of laws, not a nation of lawlessness. We rely on strong institutions, none more so than an impartial, independent justice system.” … For the sake of our environment and our health, it was time for Scott Pruitt to go, but it’s a shame his anti-environment stances aren’t what led to his resignation.   We need an environmental regulator that the American public can trust. … Great to see top notch think tanks like @CGDev noticing the positive momentum on the BUILD Act in Congress. Let’s pass this through both Chambers and have President Trump sign this into law so we can modernize US development finance! … Happy Independence Day! #July4thpic.twitter.com/eO894EEtUX Great article making the case for @SenatorRisch's & @ChrisCoons's bill Promoting Small Business Innovation through Partnerships with National Labs Act. -> … Caesar Rodney, Delaware Delegate to the Second Continental Congress, rode 80 miles from Dover to Philadelphia on July 1-2, 1776, to cast his tie-breaking vote in favor of independence from Great Britain. #MidnightRide #IndependenceDayWeekendpic.twitter.com/kxvbTHP709 More than 2,000 children have been separated from their parents & it is not clear that the administration has a plan to reunite all of them with their families. This is unacceptable. #FamiliesBelongTogether I stand with everyone marching today to take a stand against the unacceptable, un-American humanitarian crisis at our Southern border. #FamiliesBelongTogether Detaining entire families indefinitely is not a solution to the crisis that our president has created. #FamiliesBelongTogether Eric Murphy, nominated to be a judge on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, argued that the constitutional right to marriage equality would be “disruptive” to our democracy.  I believe it strengthens our democracy.  #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/GmWHmzmVvh Thrilled to help get this much needed funding for @AmeriCorps - $1.7m for Delaware will go to assist agencies like Habitat for Humanity, Ministry of Caring and Teach for America. AmeriCorps gets things done!   Gordon Giampietro, nominated to be a judge in the Eastern District of WI, said same-sex marriage was “an assault on nature” and claimed that “bad things are going to happen” if we have a constitutional right to marriage equality.  This is unacceptable. #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/Zv78nEcyeC For President Trump to go to a summit with Vladimir Putin and not have on top of the agenda holding him accountable for attacking the United States by interfering in our last election would be unacceptable. It is appropriate for President Trump to speak to the leader of Russia.   It is not appropriate to have a summit with Putin where President Trump is not centrally focused on the threat that Putin and Russia pose to NATO and the United States. … I also fought for programs that help students afford and succeed in college, like Pell Grants, TRIO, Public Student Loan Forgiveness, and campus-based aid programs. Glad to see the Appropriations Committee work to support funding for these programs. I’m pleased that today’s appropriations legislation protected the Corporation for National & Community Service funding & rejected the admin’s proposal to eliminate the agency. I’ve seen firsthand how national service can improve our communities. For the Republican majority to refuse to give a hearing to an eminently qualified, centrist nominee in Merrick Garland for almost a year and now turn around and do the exact opposite in a similar fact pattern, I think, is just the height of hypocrisy … Among the First State victories in the 2018  #FarmBill is an amendment secured by @ChrisCoons and I – giving Delaware farmers better access to conservations funds that will help them improve operations on their farms and protect our land and drinking water … I fought to secure funding for programs that improve our nation’s health, like NIH, the BRAIN initiative, and for mental health treatment, prevention, and research. I’m proud that members of the Appropriations Committee worked in a bipartisan way to advance medical research. The $145 million in increased funding we were able to include in the appropriations bill is part of our ongoing commitment to fight this epidemic, which is impacting too many families. I’ll keep working to combat this crisis with everything I’ve got. One of the most tragic things about the opioid epidemic is that it is both preventable and treatable with the right programs and resources. Today we secured additional funding to ensure that prevention programs and resources are available and properly funded. In Delaware, nearly 350 people died from opioid overdoses in 2017, up from 154 in 2016. While heroin use has increased statewide, northern communities have taken the greatest hit. I’m proud the Appropriations Committee took an important step today to help reverse this trend. Ryan Bounds, nominated to be a judge on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, claimed that #LGBT Americans liked to “fancy [themselves] oppressed” and therefore see discrimination where it does not exist.  Judiciary Democrats voted no.  #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/sz9yVl0eRu This bipartisan bill will help to ensure that low-income and at-risk students get the help and guidance they need to access and complete their technical training and/or a college education. We are one step closer to helping students of all backgrounds to achieve their dreams. That’s why, in 2012, I introduced the American Dream Accounts Act with @marcorubio. I’m pleased to announce that this bill was included in the CTE reauthorization bill that passed out of the HELP committee yesterday. Too many Americans today remain cut off from higher education. Only about 1 out of 10 children from low-income families will complete a college degree by the time they are 24. That is unacceptable. Senator @ChrisCoons: "It's a little bit harder to throw a punch at someone on the floor if you start the day holding hands with them in prayer. I think that's a spirit we could all use." #TheStorypic.twitter.com/YfJfJZUktK Same to you, James! See you at 8:00 tomorrow morning. … Great conversation today with @kevcirilli @BloombergTV about my bipartisan bill (supported by the Trump Admin, members of the Freedom Caucus, and many of my Dem colleagues) to create opportunities for US businesses and fight poverty around the world … Just in—#SFRC passes the BUILD Act. This bipartisan legislation will help expand economies in developing nations though public-private partnerships—in turn boosting American prosperity. We applaud you, @ChrisCoons & @SenBobCorker! #AmericaLeads   Matthew Kacsmaryk, nominated to be a judge in the Northern District of Texas, argued that marriage equality would set us on the “road to tyranny.” He called transgender identity “a psychological condition in need of care” not “special legal protection.” #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/QxuKKnsgFh Most of us are familiar with the old model of #apprenticeships, but apprenticeship models today have the potential to be the pathway to a wider range of jobs and sectors.  —Sen. @ChrisCoonspic.twitter.com/f1Zhb8nvTA “#Apprenticeships—the other 4-year degree”—@ChrisCoons @ThirdWayEDU @AEF_Programpic.twitter.com/4g86WYWrBt With time, we have made our union more perfect by fighting discrimination in all of its forms, but the decision today demonstrates we have a long way to go before we live up to our highest ideals. The President’s travel ban is not only discriminatory and counterproductive; it stands in direct contrast to the principles embedded in our Constitution and our founders’ vision of a nation where all people are free to worship as they choose. In the coming weeks, I plan to introduce legislation to make clear that in the United States, we will not tolerate religious or nationality discrimination, and I invite everyone who treasures our American values to join me in defending them. Today, #SCOTUS may have ruled that the President’s travel ban was technically legal, but that doesn’t mean that it’s right, that it’s justified, or that it reflects America’s values. … Watch live tomorrow: How to Grow #Apprenticeships for the Modern Economy feat. @ChrisCoons @sethmoulton and @jesseocnl moderates a panel w/ @AngelaHanks @BizRoundtable's Dane Linn, + @CareerWiseCO's @Gretchedu  Stream starts @ 9:15am ET  …pic.twitter.com/rrUSxEh895 This article is a powerful and timely reminder that the people (most often women and children) who flee to the United States are seeking safety, peace, and a place where they can work hard, raise their families, and contribute to a community. Regardless of your political affiliation or thoughts about our immigration laws, please take a moment to read this article about the violence, poverty, and suffering that people are experiencing in countries like Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. … Howard Nielson, nominated to be a judge in the District of Utah, fought against marriage equality. In California, he argued that an #LGBT judge could not be impartial and moved to void his decision in the case. Judiciary Democrats voted no. #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/oIHQ9vM1C7 I do not trust these nominees to ensure equal protection and due process for #LGBT citizens. We need federal judges who will ensure equality & protect the civil rights of all Americans. #CourtsMatter For the remainder of #PrideMonth, I will be sharing the names of President Trump’s anti-LGBT judicial nominees. Too many of our President’s nominees have distinguished themselves for their statements disparaging the #LGBT community and supporting discrimination. #CourtsMatter This is why we have an immigration law system – to sort out who has a real legal claim from who doesn’t. I support stronger borders, but I also support the rule of law. Our President is not a king.  He cannot deprive people of access to courts or judges. … Our Constitution promises religious freedom & nondiscrimination to people of all religions & nationalities. These are the principles that our policies should reflect. The best way to protect the security of our nation, to uphold foundational American values, & to safeguard our democracy is to respect the Constitution’s fundamental protections & the laws passed by Congress. I led amici curiae briefs with @RepZoeLofgren on why the President’s travel ban is unlawful. Ahead of #SCOTUS decision on this case, we should all remember our nation’s values: … Good morning Delaware! I’m calling in to @WDEL to interview with Peter MacArthur in just a few minutes-tune in to 101.7FM/1150AM Chad Readler, nominated to a be judge on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, has argued that #LGBT Americans don’t qualify for anti-discrimination protections and defended the transgender military ban. This is troubling.  #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/iSGNMMA6Kz Britt Grant, nominated to be a judge on the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, argued that finding a constitutional right to marriage equality would “undermine the democratic process.”  I disagree.  #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/xYKVsGunRV J. Campbell Barker, nominated to be a judge in the Eastern District of Texas, defended a Mississippi law that allows business owners to discriminate against #LGBT couples.  Judiciary Democrats voted no. #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/ts1AOZQPrW Excited to speak at the Chautauqua Institution in New York next month to kick off a week of examining “Russia and the West.” … Congrats to Wilmington’s Donte DiVincenzo on being drafted by the @NBA @Bucks - we’re all rooting for you! … Tonight I joined my neighbors in Wilmington for a candlelight vigil to pray for the hundreds of families separated at our borders because of the administration’s ‘zero-tolerance’ policy.pic.twitter.com/V2rOtlhzqj And I will continue to pray each and every day that our country can live up to the moral standards we have cherished for so long, because right now, we’re not living up to them. I will continue to urge the President to adopt new, humane policies for people at the border. I will continue to support legislation to fix our broken immigration laws. Across the country and around the world, thousands of Christians, Jews, Muslims, and people of all faiths are calling on the President to end this terrible treatment of our fellow human beings. I join them by taking a stand. … Mark Norris, nominated to be a judge in the Western District of Tennessee, argued that we need to oppose same-sex marriage “if we are to survive as a civilized society.” Judiciary Democrats voted no. #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/33vuPYpbuR I do not trust these nominees to ensure equal protection and due process for #LGBT citizens. We need federal judges who will ensure equality & protect the civil rights of all Americans. #CourtsMatter For the remainder of #PrideMonth, I will be sharing the names of President Trump’s anti-LGBT judicial nominees. Too many of our President’s nominees have distinguished themselves for their statements disparaging the #LGBT community and supporting discrimination. #CourtsMatter Very cool seeing @UDelaware featured in the @NYT_Crossword this morning. Go #BlueHens! #UDel Always great to see the @CooperativeCUA to discuss the great work of Delaware #CreditUnions who serve a critical role in our economy by providing affordable loans to small businesses and working families.pic.twitter.com/hOQsweOBjZ This Administration is blemishing the United States’ human rights record in lasting ways. We cannot tolerate this. We live in the most powerful, prosperous nation in world history, and our President is treating children and their indefinite detention or separation from their parents as a bargaining chip in a long running disagreement over how to fix our nation’s broken immigration system. Under this order, President Trump’s new policy is to indefinitely detain entire families in facilities that may include ill-equipped tent cities, and his order doesn’t clarify what will become of the more than 2,000 children already separated from their families. Over the last week, the American people spoke clearly and said that the President’s policy was an unacceptable, un-American tragedy that should not continue.  The President finally succumbed to pressure yesterday by issuing an EO, but that order simply creates new problems. I have joined many colleagues in calling for hearings before the Judiciary Committee to expose the cruelty of this 'zero tolerance' policy and explore more effective and humanitarian alternatives. The Admin has misled the American people and excused this cruel policy in a variety of ways, including claiming that they didn’t have this policy, that they were following a non-existent law, or that their policy was being used as a deterrent for people who are fleeing to the US President Trump created a humanitarian crisis by adopting a ‘zero-tolerance’ policy for people fleeing violence in their home countries.  That ‘zero-tolerance’ policy included cruelly separating young children and even babies from their parents at the border. The American people deserve clarity about what has happened along our southern border in recent weeks. Honored to have a Delawarean, Lourena, here for the event to stand #withrefugeespic.twitter.com/nH8tigjR6q Thank you to @UNRefugeeAgency @RefugeesIntl @wrcommission for joining the Senate Human Rights Caucus yesterday to highlight #WorldRefugeeDay and the plight and resilience of the Rohingya. As we rededicate ourselves to supporting & welcoming refugees on #WorldRefugeeDay, the nomination of Mr. Mortensen sends the wrong message to persecuted peoples around the world who look to our country as a beacon of hope and security. On #WorldRefugeeDay, @SenJohnMcCain & I are calling on the Trump admin to withdraw the nomination of Ronald Mortensen to serve as the United States’ senior diplomat for migration and refugee policies.pic.twitter.com/dalYc2NXmA To look in the eyes of #refugees, to witness them reaching a safe place after fleeing violence, is a powerful experience--& one that has encouraged me to continue fighting for humanitarian assistance abroad & funding to support refugees here in the United States #WorldRefugeeDay Today on #WorldRefugeeDay, we recognize the strength & perseverance of the more than 22 million refugees worldwide, forced to flee their homes due to persecution, violence, or war. I’m proud to stand with #refugees. Our President is taking America & dragging us through the mud worldwide & destroying our reputation as a humane country. I’m going to do everything in my power to fix this. But let me repeat: our President can keep families together with one decision, one phone call TODAY. This is inhumane and cruel to use children as pawns in our long-running disagreements about how to secure our borders and fix our immigration system. Separating families is not required by law. .@realDonaldTrump - *You* can change this today. It doesn't require legislation. You are not compelled to do this by law. What can be done to keep families together is simple: President Trump can reverse this policy decision that he’s made. He can stop misleading the American people by suggesting that this is required by law. That is just not true.pic.twitter.com/jYQXO6tkus That’s why I’m proud to join with @marcorubio, @RepMcCaul, & @Call_Me_Dutch this Thursday to co-host the second annual bipartisan Capitol Hill National Security Forum where we will address the state of our nation’s security. Read our oped: … If we are going to keep our nation safe, we must put politics aside & advance policies that transcend partisan lines. Democrats & Republicans must work together to provide leadership on the most pressing foreign policy issues. Great meeting with Delawareans advocating w/@alzassociation to raise awareness and increase funding. I’m with you in this fight!pic.twitter.com/HVqx4IDwBt This is plainly, demonstrably untrue.   Mr. President – this is *your policy* and you can end it with a simple phone call at any moment. The entire nation and the families who are senselessly suffering are demanding it. … Sent letter w/ @ChrisCoons urging the admin to withdraw nomination of Ronald Mortensen to lead US refugee & migration policy. Mortensen has spread misinformation about immigrants & displayed a lack of empathy for innocent people fleeing oppression.  … At a time when more than 65 million people are displaced worldwide, the nomination of Mr. Mortensen for this position sends a chilling message to all those around the world who look to the United States as a beacon of hope and security for persecuted peoples. We are deeply concerned by Mr. Mortensen’s record of spreading misinformation about immigrants and displaying a lack of empathy for innocent men, women, and children fleeing violence and oppression. Today, @SenJohnMcCain & I are calling on the Trump administration to withdraw the nomination of Ronald Mortensen, a virulent opponent of immigration, to serve as the United States' senior diplomat for migration and refugee policies.pic.twitter.com/DfrG7Y64KZ Thank you, @JohnCarneyDE for this decision. The President’s decision to separate children from their families at the border is cruel and inhumane – the President should reverse it immediately. … Sens @ChrisCoons & @SenJohnMcCain send letter to @SecPompeo asking to withdraw Trump’s nominee to serve as Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration. (@JeffFlake came out in opposition of the nom in May):pic.twitter.com/4hRH6eqfse NEW from @AP: ⁦@SenJohnMcCain⁩, ⁦@ChrisCoons pen letter to ⁦@SecPompeo⁩ urging Trump administration to withdraw migration nominee, calling him “virulent opponent of immigration” … It seems to me that listening to each other, in humility, with a kind & open heart, would truly be in the spirit of the Gospel. It’s my hope that the Trump Administration will choose to end this policy and instead work with us in Congress on a bipartisan basis to find a legislative solution to our badly broken immigration system. I’m very concerned that a decision has been made to use children as a weapon in a long running war about how best to secure our border & how best to fix our broken immigration system. It was a narrow reading that missed the context – the verses just before & after call on people of faith to be humble, to associate themselves with folks in need, to show hospitality, kindness, and love. To justify their family separation policy, AG Sessions & @PressSec cited Scripture, in particular Romans Chapter 13, for the principle that we must all be subject to governing authority & follow the law.pic.twitter.com/4YRyYHEkUz US Patent # 10,000,000 issued this morning!    When our founding fathers created the US patent system, steam boats were the cutting edge innovation of the day.  Today’s patent discloses technology that lets vehicles drive themselves-a fitting testament to US innovation/ingenuity … Let’s remember: these family separations are not required by law. This is a choice that the Trump admin has made & continues to make every day. In addition to demanding that President Trump stop his inhumane family separation policy, I’m calling on the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold a hearing on the impacts of this awful policy.  … Proud to speak with Delaware @PanCAN advocates this morning before they head to the Hill to speak with my colleagues about the importance of #pancreaticcancer research. #PANCawarepic.twitter.com/LjclAnNTGF Listen to this audio.   President Trump’s policy of separating young children from their parents isn’t academic, it isn’t theoretical.  It’s real, and it has to stop NOW. … The BUILD Act also gives American businesses far better tools to expand into foreign markets and spur economic growth. Other countries are competing with us on these fronts, and this bill will make us a lot more competitive. #AmericaLeads The BUILD Act, which has bipartisan support, creates a new institution that will make targeted investments to reduce poverty in low-income countries that are also critical to our national security. Today, at the @USGLC 2018 #USGLCSummit, I was asked how America can keep pace in a competitive world. One key way is the BUILD Act, which I recently introduced in Congress. #AmericaLeads @ChrisCoons on immigration: "It's also important that we act in a way that reflects our values and not use the needless harming of children as a tool to try to deter those who might seek asylum in the United States." Watch the panel discussion from @USGLC 2018 #USGLCSummit starting at 3:45pm EDT w @OPICgov's President & CEO Ray W Washburne and @ChrisCoons as they discuss how America keeps pace in a competitive world   #AmericaLeads Our Constitution promises religious freedom & nondiscrimination to people of all religions & nationalities. These are the principles that our policies should reflect. The best way to protect the security of our nation, to uphold foundational American values, & to safeguard our democracy is to respect the Constitution’s fundamental protections & the laws passed by Congress. I led amici curiae briefs with @RepZoeLofgren on why the President’s travel ban is unlawful. Ahead of #SCOTUS decision on this case, we should all remember our nation’s values. … Happy #FathersDay to all the dads & granddads out there! As a nation, today is an opportunity for us to express love, show gratitude & pay homage to our fathers.pic.twitter.com/gKxtfYC3rq Recent reports have raised questions about how Amazon collects and stores voice data. Sen. @JeffFlake and I sent a letter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos asking what steps are being taken to protect consumer privacy & ensure information is not shared without consentpic.twitter.com/xzZ108BT9M Devices like Amazon’s Echo can make consumers’ lives easier–they can play our favorite music, order dinner & adjust the temperature in our homes, all with a simple verbal command. While this technology can be helpful, it’s important that the right privacy protections are in place The Trump Administration is separating children from their parents and planning to house these kids in a tent city in Texas, where the heat could be 100+.   This is not the law; it is a choice made by the Trump Administration. It’s inhumane and immoral. … A wee scoop: @JeffFlake and @ChrisCoons sent a letter to Jeff Bezos seeking answers about how the Amazon Echo collects and stores user data and voice recordings, after news broke that an Echo sent a recording of a private conversation to a user's contact … The actions focused on in this report took place months before Special Counsel Mueller was even appointed by Deputy AG Rosenstein, whom President Trump appointed. The Mueller investigation must proceed without interference. Period. I expect Pres. Trump to claim that this report somehow taints Mueller’s investigation, but that simply does not match the facts. This is not proof of a ‘Deep State’ or evidence of a conspiracy against the President. Most importantly, this does nothing to undermine the important investigation that Special Counsel Mueller is conducting into Russian interference with our election. Equally important is the fact that the IG found absolutely no evidence that the decision to conclude that investigation without prosecution was the result of bias at the FBI or DOJ. This is an important accounting of actions taken by DOJ employees related to the investigation of Secretary Clinton’s use of a private email server, including some that appear to have been violations of longstanding DOJ policies. Over the next few days, I’ll be digging into the details of the Inspector General report, but as the coverage of this report begins, it’s important to be clear about what this is & what this isn’t. Today, I joined my colleagues on legislation to halt the separation of immigrant families. This is not what we stand for as a country & represents a complete disregard for the human rights of these families.pic.twitter.com/xK2hUAURJu Separating children from their parents at the border is not required by law, it is a choice that the Trump admin has made & continues to make every day. The admin needs to end this inhumane policy & they need to end it now. … Our Constitution promises religious freedom & nondiscrimination to people of all religions & nationalities. These are the principles we should live by & what our nation’s policies should reflect. I led amici curiae briefs with @RepZoeLofgren on why the President’s travel ban is unlawful. Ahead of #SCOTUS’s decision on this case, we should all remember our nation’s values & the fundamental protections of our Constitution. … Honored to meet Secretary of the Army Mark Esper along with my dear friend @SenatorIsakson for an engaging conversation.pic.twitter.com/sFWKa4nVkf Happy to attend Hawaii’s annual Taste of Hawaii reception with my friend @maziehirono.  They have taro pancakes with coconut syrup, and our Taste of Delaware every December has Grotto’s pizza and Dogfish Head!pic.twitter.com/4uQXKNkInJ Important piece from @FrankBruni today - a reminder that as Democrats we should respond to divisiveness with civility, to lies with truth, and to anger with hope and kindness. … Imprisoning, torturing, and murdering your own people isn’t tough, or smart, or impressive.   It’s cowardly, it’s disgusting, and this is an unacceptable response from the President of the United States … Happy 243rd birthday @USArmy. Honored to meet Sec. Esper yesterday & discuss ways to support our soldiers & Army mission #GoArmy #ArmyTeampic.twitter.com/TOM8iYuNUs Today I met with Canada’s Minister of Foreign Affairs, and we talked about President Trump’s bickering with Canada’s Prime Minster-hear more about our discussion below:pic.twitter.com/ydx4DzpW9D – bei United States Capitol Building Today, Sen. @ChrisCoons introduced the Apprenticeships Hubs Across America Act, a bill that seeks to expand apprenticeships to new and growing industries to ensure that all Americans have the skills they need to compete in our modern economy:  pic.twitter.com/yWBSDtbqZS To ensure our workforce is prepared for the jobs of tomorrow, we have to begin addressing the skills gap now. My bipartisan legislation works to help equip students and workers with the skills needed to fill jobs in some of the fastest growing sectors: … That’s why I introduced a bipartisan, bicameral bill with @SenToddYoung, @DonaldNorcross, and @RepMcKinley to expand registered apprenticeship programs in high-growth job sectors to create more career opportunities for America’s displaced workers and young men & women. We’ve made important progress in addressing the #skillsgap, but we still have much more to do. I’m eager to work with my colleagues to find solutions for retraining America’s displaced workers and help high school students find employment upon graduation. A few weeks ago, I hosted the experts from @ThisOldHouse on Capitol Hill to discuss the value of #apprenticeships and Congress’ role in addressing America’s workforce needs.pic.twitter.com/ABn7Ppe9HF It is an honor to offer my sincere congratulations to the talented Delawareans who have been selected to one of our service academies.  I appreciate their commitment and service.pic.twitter.com/BQMpAQ8CJd As co-chair of the Senate Human Rights Caucus, I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to provide support for the people of North Korea, who continue to suffer under one of the world’s most repressive regimes. Honored to meet with recipients of the @NEDemocracy’s 2018 #DemAward. I’m grateful for the tireless work of these activists in promoting human rights, press freedom, & peace in North Korea & supporting North Korean refugees.pic.twitter.com/FUcrwrnkam Today, I introduced the bipartisan, bicameral Apprenticeships Hubs Across America Act. This bill will expand registered apprenticeship programs in high-growth job sectors to train American workers to address the growing skills gap. Read more here:  … Refusing to defend the ACA – and the millions of Americans who rely on its protections – is frankly heartless. … Democrats & Republicans must work together to fix this. We need to find a way to prevent the Trump administration from allowing millions of Americans to lose health care coverage. We cannot go back to the days when people were denied coverage because of a pre-existing condition. The Trump administration is trying to destabilize our health care system. We can’t let that happen. We must be loud and clear: If they succeed, millions of Americans will lose their pre-existing condition protections. Celebrated with our future leaders at last night’s service academy reception. These talented Delawareans will attend either @WestPoint_USMA, @NavalAcademy, @AF_Academy or USMMA. Best of luck on their journey to earn that coveted gold bar — commissioning as an ensign or 2LT. 190,000 Delawareans with pre-existing conditions got better coverage under the Affordable Care Act – each & every one of them could lose that protection as a result of the Trump administration’s decision last week. The Affordable Care Act isn’t perfect, but dismantling the law & refusing to defend Americans with pre-existing conditions is not how we fix our health care system. Democrats are at the table, we are ready & willing to work together on this as we always have been. Two years ago today, we lost 49 Americans in a hateful act of gun violence. We mourn those who died at Pulse nightclub and commit to #HonorThemWithAction by fighting to make our communities safer. It is critical that we sound the alarm on the Trump administration’s attempts to sabotage our health care system. If the Trump administration prevails, millions of Americans could lose health care coverage & protections. Literally, the Trump Administration is arguing that insurance companies should be able to discriminate against people with pre-existing health conditions.   This is astounding. … Summit a dream outcome for North Korea, says @ChrisCoons  President Trump would have been stronger going into this summit had he left the G-7 with a united declaration of support for sanctions & for our negotiating stature. Instead, he left with the G-7 in disarray.  That makes this harder, not easier. For this agreement with North Korea to mean anything, there will have to be a lot of hard work and discipline in the months ahead. It is my hope that the Trump administration is prepared to do that & will follow through. The agreement is purely aspirational because President Trump failed to get concrete action on human rights, & we have no definition, no timeline, and no details on denuclearization:  The agreement signed in Singapore is a dream outcome for Kim Jong Un – legitimacy on the world stage, an invitation to the White House, and a pledge to stop military exercises, all in exchange for a vague pledge that North Korea has broken at least twice before. "...or a process for denuclearization, so President Trump has secured only what two Presidents before him – one Republican and one Democrat – got, a pledge to de-nuclearize, but gave up, I think, a lot of our prestige and leadership." #netDE Sen. Chris Coons on the North Korea summit: "This was a dream outcome for Kim Jong Un, something his father and grandfather long hoped for - legitimacy on the world stage, an invitation to the White House, no concessions on human rights, and no clear concessions on a timeline... When the President is making big, dangerous promises to North Korea’s dictator that the Pentagon and South Korea don’t even know about…that’s a problem. … These efforts may seem innocuous when taken independently, but collectively they represent an attempt to increase the appeal of autocracy and strengthen Chinese leverage over U.S. Our letter calls for @FBI @StateDept @USTreasury @DeptofDefense coordination in response. All of us, including members of Foreign Relations, Armed Services, Intel, Banking & Judiciary Committees, are calling on the Admin. to develop a strategy to counter Chinese actions, which aim to manipulate public discourse. I signed a bipartisan letter to the Trump Administration raising concerns about China’s attempts to undermine U.S. democratic institutions and supplant our alliances abroad. Letter here:   I’m disappointed in the Supreme Court’s ruling, but I’m more disappointed in Ohio’s decision to purge voters from its rolls. That’s not what our democracy is about. We should be making it *easier* to vote. … Boarding the train in Wilmington for another busy week in Washington! There’s a lot to get done this week, and I’ll be hosting some amazing Delawareans in the Capitol over the next few days – I hope you’ll take a minute to watch this preview of the week.pic.twitter.com/C1TDHsJXyx This move is also likely to further destabilize our health insurance marketplace and drive up premiums for many consumers. As multiple health care experts have pointed out, when insurers see uncertainty in the marketplace, they increase premiums to compensate. Older Americans are more at risk & the ban on insurance discrimination against women could disappear. The Trump admin is taking their partisan agenda too far – this decision is impacting whether our constituents have access to affordable health care & I won’t stand for it. This action from the Trump admin would allow Delawareans and Americans w/ pre-existing conditions to be charged more or denied coverage altogether based on pre-existing health conditions. Just take a look at the numbers: 133 million nonelderly Americans have pre-existing conditions. When the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, more than 190,000 Delawareans with pre-existing conditions got needed protection. This is a big deal. If the Trump administration has its way, coverage & protections for millions of Americans could disappear. … Last week, the Trump admin announced that they would no longer defend core components of the Affordable Care Act, namely protections for those with pre-existing conditions. Make no mistake: this is the administration completely sabotaging our health care system. I believe in a free & open internet. Restoring #NetNeutrality shouldn’t be a partisan issue. I’m once again calling on @SpeakerRyan to hold a vote to guarantee Americans’ access to an open internet. I voted with a majority of the Senate to pass legislation to restore #NetNeutrality and ensure a free & open internet. Now, it’s time for the House to do the same.pic.twitter.com/LKbvRereIs The Trump administration must end this cruel policy that separates families searching for a better life in the United States. Our country is better than this. As of Feb. 2018, almost 1,800 immigrant families have been separated by U.S. authorities after crossing into the U.S. from Mexico since Oct. 2016. My colleagues and I are asking the administration to stop tearing families apart. … “We will be remembered by what we say and what we do in this challenging time in America’s history. We must all speak out and work to protect the special counsel’s investigation from interference.” “I know Bob Mueller as a colleague in law enforcement and as a friend, and I highly respect his judgment and moral compass. Mueller is the right person to investigate Russia’s apparent assault on our democracy.” Important read from Dick Thornburgh, AG to Presidents Reagan and Bush, in @washingtonpost: “As John Adams said, our country is ‘a government of laws, and not of men.’ This founding principle of our democracy must be protected.” … This policy does not reflect what we stand for as a country. We have a humanitarian duty to the children & families seeking asylum in our country – it’s time that our President understands that. We are calling on the Trump admin to end its inhumane policy that separates children from their parents at the border. The administration needs to remember that these children are often fleeing extreme violence & this policy only traumatizes them further.pic.twitter.com/YgY1341FqQ 500-year-old Columbus letter returned to Spain thanks to Delaware-based @DHSgov agents and the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Delaware. Incredible effort and teamwork, HSI-Wilmington and @USAO_DE! … In Delaware, women make 82¢ for every $1 men make. That’s unacceptable. We must pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct.pic.twitter.com/yDc4q3vlNd It appears the administration let ZTE off the hook without significantly advancing American interests or values. This isn’t being tough on China, it’s a bad deal and giveaway to a country that at times refuses to play by the rules at the expense of US workers and security Legitimate U.S. national security concerns about ZTE should have been addressed by a searching compliance program to ensure IP theft & surveillance issues are fully addressed. I’m not persuaded the financial fine and compliance program announced today accomplish these goals. This was a critical moment where the U.S. had China over a barrel. We should have used this leverage to demand that China stop its illegal trade practices, stop stealing our intellectual property, and pressure Korea to make concessions on its nuclear weapons program At its worst, this deal is a threat to our national security & the privacy of all Americans. Releasing pressure on ZTE is a missed opportunity to hold China accountable for unfair trade practices that hurt U.S. workers, threaten our security, and undermine our competitiveness. Unless the administration got some real concessions from China with regards to N Korea’s nuclear program and addressing our national security concerns, President Trump’s deal, at its best, represents a major concession to China. … This week, we celebrate the 55th anniversary of the #EqualPayAct. We’ve come a long way since 1963, but still have so far to go. That’s why I’m proud to be an original co-sponsor of the #PaycheckFairnessAct which would close loopholes in the current law. These appropriations bills matter to Delaware.  They direct much-needed support to state and local governments and non-profits to fund the development projects that allow our local communities to thrive. Learn more here:  … I also fought for $1B for the BUILD grant program. Just in Delaware, these grants have been awarded to build the Newark and Claymont rail stations, improve the Port of Wilmington, & upgrade road infrastructure in Georgetown. This week, I fought to secure funding for critical Delaware priorities, like supporting our National Guard & investing in our highways, airports, & rail service that all Delawareans rely on. Currently in the Senate, we are working on passing appropriations bills representing the wide range of federal programs that Congress must review & approve annually. I’m proud to serve on this committee & fight for the programs that matter to Delaware & the country. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue – all Americans should be able to access an open internet.  #NetNeutrality Despite the bipartisan passage of our resolution to save #NetNeutrality in the Senate, @SpeakerRyan has failed to bring the resolution to the House floor for a vote. Today, I’m joining my Democratic colleagues in calling on @SpeakerRyan to immediately hold a vote. After pushing for almost a year, I was pleased to see the National Emergency Medical Services Commemorative Work Act pass the Senate yesterday. This bill allows for the construction of a commemorative work in D.C. to recognize the commitment and service of our brave EMS workers. This #PrideMonth, we celebrate the end of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell,” the recognition of marriage equality, and our ongoing fight against discrimination.pic.twitter.com/5Z2rxKsKpS Today I’m thinking about a Delaware couple I know who spent 50 years serving in our military and intelligence communities, all while having to publicly lie about who they were. The briefing focused on how teacher leadership can improve the profession & student achievement! Thanks to @ChuckGrassley for giving remarks and highlighting our Teachers Are Leaders Act which we are co-sponsoring with @SenJoniErnst & @SenJackReed! #TeacherLeaders #bipartisanwins Thank you to @NIETteach for partnering with me to host the last briefing in my education innovation series! @KristanVanHook moderated an excellent panel that included @CoffeltChris, Sarah Rosenberg @NewLeadersOrg, @RRodriguezTPlus @teachplus, Angel Hardaway @AthensCitySch! As a former prosecutor, I know that child abuse is a life and death issue. That’s why Senators @ChrisCoons, @RoyBlunt, and I introduced a bipartisan bill supporting Children’s Advocacy Centers that provide victims with a safe place to heal. All of us, regardless of party, should listen to the words of the the Deputy Attorney General. We are all keepers of the republic and defenders of the rule of law. “Prīvilēgium Obligātiō. Privilege comes with obligations. If you like the rule of law, you need to keep it.” “The rule of law is our most important principle. Patriots should always defend the rule of law, even when it is not in their immediate self-interest.” “We are all keepers of the republic. But the farther we get from the founding generation, the less we appreciate how much it depends on people rather than just words.” “Many nations do not follow the rule of law. Some claim that they do [...] But as Justice Antonin Scalia noted, the rule of law is not just about words on paper. The rule of law depends on the character of the people responsible for enforcing the law.” Take a few minutes today to read the remarks that Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein delivered in Philadelphia last night. A few lines in particular stood out to me… … My statement about this morning’s Judiciary Committee hearing that has a direct impact on Delaware, our entire region, and bipartisanship in the Senatepic.twitter.com/8cccPKRIao Remembering Lawrence Anderson, Walter Brinton, John Butler, George Beebe, George Dill, Walter Dobek, Charles Donoghue, Stephen MacGregor, William Morris, James Padley, Franklin Polster & William Verderamo. These Delawareans were among the 2,500+ allied troops killed on #DDay.pic.twitter.com/uTxdtaNgnU This #PrideMonth, we celebrate how far we’ve come as a nation and recognize how much farther we still have to go. I am inspired by those who have fought for equality and civil rights for the #LGBT community, and I’m proud to stand with them.  Happy #PrideMonth!pic.twitter.com/ScNSv3PJn5 Robert F. Kennedy said “what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence or lawlessness; but love and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country..." #RFK50pic.twitter.com/bnRZ4x6WrA Impt read: The Trump Admin’s disregard for science is turning away bright and ambitious young scientists. Instead of working in the U.S., they are finding more opportunities to pursue their research in places like China. … These attacks on the Special Counsel and sweeping claims of presidential power are harmful to the rule of law. We should pass the *bipartisan* legislation I’ve co-authored to ensure the Special Counsel can complete his investigation without interference  … Mr. President, the appointment of the Special Counsel was not unconstitutional.  The Special Counsel is prosecuting criminals.  If you’re innocent, you should act like it and stop attacking the Special Counsel. … #TBT to a couple of weeks ago, when TOH went to Washington D.C. to meet w Sen. @ChrisCoons to discuss the skills gappic.twitter.com/YXwkakX4ad My bill w/ @ChrisCoons will help ensure Children’s Advocacy Centers & law enforcement have the resources they need to investigate & prosecute child abuse cases.   Today we came together as a community at New Castle’s War Memorial Plaza to pay tribute to our sacred dead. We do this annually to remember them, to honor them, and to lift up their memories. We must never forget our fallen heroes. #MemorialDay2018pic.twitter.com/wenHw8Xjzz Democratic Sen. Chris Coons: "I'm grateful" that GOP Rep. Trey Gowdy came forward to defend the FBI against "baseless allegations by President Trump"    I was in Georgetown yesterday with @SenatorCarper, Senator @ChrisCoons, @RepBRochester, local officials & @DelawareDOT to announce Sussex County’s first Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) Grant award of $7M toward the Georgetown East Gateway Project.pic.twitter.com/c5TA5ULDu7 MM1 William Goff Rue served on the cruiser U.S.S. Indianapolis when a Japanese submarine sunk it on July 30, 1945. Rue, from Wilmington, Delaware, is listed with other @USNavy sailors on the Tablet of the Missing at the Manila American Cemetery in the Philippines. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/8MihPITeet .@ChrisCoons on North Korea summit: "I would caution that if we go ahead without using every ounce of leverage we have over China, we're making a mistake." #FoxNewsSunday  pic.twitter.com/Wad4Mev4Ov I’m asking the Judiciary Committee Chairman to bring Donald Trump Jr. back in to *publicly* explain why his initial statements don’t match up with this report … In reviewing what Donald Trump Jr. told the Senate Judiciary Committee, his statements that there were no efforts by foreign powers to provide assistance to the Trump campaign don’t match up with recent reports of meetings that he participated in:  It’s possible to have a constructive summit w/ North Korea & I prefer President Trump’s choice of diplomacy over threatening “fire & fury,” but we need to work and consult with our allies and partners every step of the way. I joined @FoxNewsSunday this weekend to discuss North Korea, Iran, and the President’s inappropriate attacks on the FBI and the Department of Justice. Watch the interview below:  Cpl. Arthur W. Matthews, of Kent County, Delaware, was a movie star, appearing in over 40 silent films before going #OverThere w/ the @42ndInfantryDiv’s 165th Infantry Regiment in WWI. He was killed in France on July 28, 1918, buried at Oise-Aisne American Cemetery. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/0AOSXPCZDL 2nd Lt. Alan Carl Porter, of Greenwood, Delaware, left @UDelaware to fly P47s & P51s for #8thAirForce in WWII. Known for his heroism, Alan received the Distinguished Flying Cross & Air Medal (8th Award). He was flying over Germany when killed in action, May 8, 1944. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/k3x8J2teFn Memorial Day is an opportunity to reflect on the thousands of Delawareans and millions of Americans who have given their lives in service and sacrifice for our nation and our freedoms. We pause today in remembrance of those killed in action and those missing in action.pic.twitter.com/xk27rEVbei Elizabeth Loncki, of New Castle, Delaware, graduated from @Padua_Academy in 2001. She joined the @usairforce, deploying to Iraq with EOD. Elizabeth and two wingmen were killed in action, Jan. 7, 2007. She’s the recipient of the Purple Heart Medal & Bronze Star Medal. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/JdNFcOW88d On Iran Deal, Senator @ChrisCoons tells @BillHemmer : "I hope that we will see President Trump end up proving himself to be a deal maker, not a deal breaker."pic.twitter.com/YDzq5RBEie Paul Gustavus Gosnell, of Wilmington, Delaware, served as a #DevilDog in @USMC. Honorably discharged, Paul elected to enlist in @USNavy. On Dec. 7, 1941, during the attack at Pearl Harbor, he was killed in action on the destroyer U.S.S. Shaw. #MemorialDay #RememberPearlHarborpic.twitter.com/YDp0jj9hre Tune in tomorrow morning! … Specialist 4th Class Edmund Lawrence Sudler, of Wilmington, Delaware, was killed in action on March 23, 1966, during the Vietnam War. Edmund was a 20-year-old infantryman w/ @25ID’s 27th Infantry Regt. His final resting place is @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery. #MemorialDay #LestWeForgetpic.twitter.com/B2JW5J2BZE This week, @BillHemmer will sit down with Senators @RoyBlunt (R-MO) and @ChrisCoons (D-DE) as well as President Trump's attorney Rudy Giuliani. Plus our #FNS Panel: @BretBaier @GeraldFSeib @JonahNRO @adrienneelrodpic.twitter.com/U0meiaqf7t Thomas Smyth, a native of Ballyhooly, Ireland, joined the 1st Delaware Infantry in 1861. A veteran of Antietam, Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville & Gettysburg, he was mortally wounded on April 7, 1865. Smyth, age 32, was the last U.S. general killed in the Civil War. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/2kvNd3LNcp Spent time today at Milford’s Mispillion Harbor to celebrate w/ @DNREC @USACEPhilly @USFWSNortheast @NFWFnews the completion of a 3-year project to repair the damage caused by 2012's #HurricaneSandy & to build resiliency against future stormspic.twitter.com/t0gh7cRcRL EXCLUSIVE: Bill Hemmer sits down with Senator Chris Coons (D-DE), Foreign Relations Committee.pic.twitter.com/QXc1N5a3CN Just wrapped up a great conversation with my breakout group called “The Rise of Generation Z.” I am so impressed with this group of students. They came prepared and knew the issues they wanted to discuss.pic.twitter.com/UqXwrbYpsC Based on new information we learned this week, I’m very concerned that Donald Trump Jr. provided false testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee.  I’m asking the Committee Chairman to bring Trump Jr. back in to testify-in public this time. Here’s the letter I sent yesterdaypic.twitter.com/QRzxOkyZtV Proud to continue a nearly 50 year tradition started by Sen. Bill Roth - the Delegation Youth Conference gives civic-minded students the chance to get up close and personal w/ their congressional delegation to ask us tough questions on a variety of issues important to them.pic.twitter.com/9WX8yTcKbb We're just a few minutes away from welcoming more than 100 Delaware high school juniors to @WesleyCollegeDE for the 49th Annual Delegation Youth Conference - @SenatorCarper @LisaBRochester and I are excited to get the day underway!pic.twitter.com/aDaxhHdffY SP4 Keith A. Campbell, combat medic with @173rdAbnBde, was killed in action during a firefight in Bien Hoa, Vietnam, February 8, 1967. Keith, who died shielding a wounded paratrooper, is the recipient of the Distinguished Service Cross. #SkySoldiers #MemorialDay #HonorTheFallenpic.twitter.com/nOkPKPvoYE Last year, I introduced the Nat’l EMS Commemorative Work Act with @SenCapito to establish a commemorative work to pay tribute to the commitment & service represented by EMS. We are pushing hard to pass this bill into law, and ensure that EMS workers get the respect they deserve! In honor of National Emergency Medical Services week, I would like to extend my sincere appreciation to all EMS workers who often put themselves at great risk to provide life-saving care to Americans in need. I’m proud to support the vital role that these centers—particularly those in Dover, Wilmington, & Georgetown—play in keeping children safe & holding abusers accountable. That’s why I’ve introduced legislation today with @RoyBlunt to reauthorize funding for Children’s Advocacy Centers, places where victims will find a safe space & that help law enforcement hold perpetrators accountable. In 2017 alone, the Division of Family Services in Delaware received 21,305 reports of child abuse, neglect, or dependency – the largest number of reports the division has ever received. These victims need our support. When a child is the victim of physical or sexual abuse, his or her life will never be the same. Seeking justice should be part of the healing process – not a source of further trauma. Great meeting with @DrMichaelLomax to discuss ways we can work together to strengthen investments in our nation’s HBCUs. I will be fighting at the federal level for strong funding for HBCUs!pic.twitter.com/kug2N8r4Ud No. Absolutely no. This is unacceptable, and I’ll fight it with everything I’ve got. … The GOP tax bill puts more than $2 trillion on our nation’s credit card, and it’s mostly a giveaway to wealthy Americans and corporations. We’ve got a better idea: let’s finally pay our teachers a decent wage, invest in our schools, and give every American kid a good educationpic.twitter.com/H0Pdx1gAT3 When we just withdrew from a deal Europe still supports, we are asking a lot from UK, France, and Germany.  I am all for pushing back against Iran but we need allies to do that! We can do better than the GOP tax bill’s giveaways to the wealthiest Americans and big corporations. We should invest in teachers, our kids, and our schools insteadpic.twitter.com/ac8NiRwT8z Instead of working with our allies to push back against Iran’s nuclear program and its other bad behavior, the Trump Administration is threatening to *sanction our allies* … I pressed President Trump’s Treasury Secretary, @stevenmnuchin1, on this issue today in the Senate & he would not say whether the Treasury Department removed Suspicious Activity Reports related to Michael Cohen: … I’m deeply concerned by a recent report from @RonanFarrow in the @NewYorker that important financial info about Michael Cohen could not be located by law enforcement. … Congratulations to Robin Morgan on being named @UDelaware’s provost. Her scientific background, deep experience with agricultural issues, and commitment to our state makes her a fantastic choice  … As Justice Ginsburg pointed out in her dissent, this ruling will lead to “the underenforcement of federal and state statutes designed to advance the well-being of vulnerable workers.” Disappointed by the #SCOTUS ruling today that will hurt individual American workers & their ability to protect their rights in the workplace. … Whether you served in the past or serve in the present, happy #ArmedForcesDay. Thank you for your devotion and thank you for your service.pic.twitter.com/nGZ4LQlrak #Delaware Senator @ChrisCoons discusses BUILD Act and a need for a stronger DFI to bolster US investment in emerging markets at @opicgov seminar for #smallbiz   @WTCDelawarepic.twitter.com/om5wyCs6Wz More than 40 #smallbiz gathered in #Delaware to attend @opicgov small business seminar. Joining @opicgov's Douglas Sellers (from left to right) Carla Stone Executive Director @WTCDelaware, DE Senator @ChrisCoons, and County Executive @MattMeyerDE. (Not pictured @G_Communities)pic.twitter.com/R4a6TSKdOy #FirstResponders are brave men & women who protect our communities, & the Putting First-Responders First Act provides the necessary clarification to both IRS employees & first-responders to keep injury-related compensation tax-exempt after retirement age #NationalPoliceWeek It’s #NationalPoliceWeek and today I introduced a bipartisan bill with @SteveDaines and @SenBobCasey to ensure #FirstResponders are not unfairly taxed if they are injured in the line of duty  … Doing nothing in the face of these tragedies is unacceptable. We should be voting in the Senate on common sense gun safety legislation on Monday. Heartbroken by the news of yet another school shooting, but heartbreak, thoughts, and prayers aren’t enough. We. Must. Take. Action. I stand with @PPFA & will fight to ensure that Americans are not prohibited from receiving the care they need. Title X plays a critical role in promoting the health of millions of Americans. Today, the Trump Admin is expected to announce its plans to undermine a woman’s right to choose & tie medical providers’ hands when it comes to giving their patients all the info about their options Thanks to @WDEL and all the panelists for an important discussion on opioid abuse in our state.  Together, we’re going to beat this. If you missed it, you can watch our discussion here  … We all have the opportunity to bring this crisis out of the shadows and shine a light on it, to talk about it no matter how uncomfortable and painful. That’s what we’re doing today on @WDEL. That led to a 12% decrease in the number of opioid prescriptions in eight months. We also need to limit the prescription of opioid painkillers. Under the leadership of @DE_DOJ Matt Denn, Delaware enacted regulations in '17 that allow prescribers to better monitor each opioid Rx and limit an adult from receiving a 1st time prescription for more than 7 days Also proud to support the most recent spending package, which included a total of $3.3 billion in increased funding to fight the opioid and mental health crises for FY18, including an increase of $2.8 billion in treatment, prevention, and research for programs within HHS. I've also fought against bills that take away health care access for Delawareans and against any harmful cuts to the programs that people rely on for care and treatment. We need to approach this with the right policies and the right attitudes. We don’t need a War on Drugs approach – we need to let people know how dangerous these drugs are, and for those who are already addicted – we need to get them the help and care they need. The opioid crisis is a public health crisis.  The people who are suffering from addiction are not drug addicts who should be punished – they’re our loved ones, our neighbors, and our friends – and we need to care for them. If you can’t stream the interview on @WDEL, visit  … for Facebook Live video. Looking forward to joining @WDEL’s Peter MacArthur and local leaders for an important discussion on the opioid crisis in Delaware. We’ll be streaming live at  … for Facebook Live video. During #NationalPoliceWeek, let's take a moment to thank all of the men & women in blue who put their lives on the line to protect, serve, & keep our communities safe. We are grateful for your sacrifice & willingness to go beyond the call of duty. … Tune into @WDEL tomorrow at 8 a.m. as I join a discussion w/ Peter MacArthur and other stakeholders in Delaware’s fight against the opioid epidemic. #NetDE So inspired and moved by the new documentary on my good friend @SenJohnMcCain, entitled “John McCain: For Whom The Bell Tolls.”  I also got to meet John’s amazing mother and brother today in the Capitol. We’re all pulling for John and thinking of him every day. The promise of ending racial segregation has not been fully realized, but, for the future of all children, we continue the fight towards true equality and equity in education. #BrownvBoard Today marks the 64th anniversary of the landmark Brown v. Board of Education #SCOTUS ruling. We celebrate the courage of the students, parents, and lawyers who put their lives on the line to fight against racial segregation in our public schools. Mr. President, this is not a witch hunt. It is the American rule of law in action … Today, I questioned FCC Chairman Pai about key issues around #NetNeutrality. It's my hope that we can find a way to keep what all Americans value about the internet – openness & equal access while still promoting innovation & investment. Watch my stmt:  Yesterday, the Senate voted to restore the @FCC’s previous #NetNeutrality rule. I was proud to vote with the majority & fight to overturn FCC’s efforts. It’s important to have free, open internet, but one that also values innovation & investment, & protects consumers. I will be voting no on Gina Haspel’s nomination to serve as our next CIA Directorpic.twitter.com/yw9DMhuQSU Few jobs require as much heart as protecting our communities. Proud to honor the service and sacrifice of our state and local law enforcement during #NationalPoliceWeek. Today I joined my friend & fellow co-chair of the Senate Human Rights Caucus @SenThomTillis to highlight deteriorating human rights conditions in Turkey. Thanks for participating @amnesty @amberinzaman @indefchristians @freedomhouse The reason this matters is that we are talking about the intersection of several important developments: big data, social media, and foreign interference in our 2016 election. We need to figure out what actually happened. Questioned former Cambridge Analytica employee on the company’s use of Facebook data to influence American voters: … Appreciated the opportunity to discuss the successes of @SBAgov with the Senate @SmallBizCmte today. #SupportSmallBusinesspic.twitter.com/IjQ4Ox0eV0 I strongly disagree with this decision, which is why I joined @SenatorCarper and 31 other colleagues in a letter calling on the Trump Administration to put American jobs and national security ahead of China. To read the full letter, visit   Great to meet with DE members of @LLSusa to discuss ways we can improve access to essential health care treatments for cancer patients. I appreciate your advocacy and will fight for you in the Senate!pic.twitter.com/7DnQEm1vHK Equal access without censorship to online content is consistent with our national ideals & traditions. I will be voting today to overturn the FCC’s efforts to repeal the #NetNeutrality rule. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue – all Americans should be able to access an open internet which supports innovation, commerce, & creativity. Proud to vote today in support of #NetNeutrality. The internet provides the world unprecedented opportunities to communicate, share ideas, & collaborate freely. I’m proud to work across the aisle to support small businesses & bolster U.S. economic competitiveness. This bill was a bipartisan, bicameral effort in collaboration with @SenatorRisch, @SenTinaSmith, @SenCoryGardner & @repbenraylujan, @RepChuck, @RepHultgren, @RepLipinski . Small businesses are at the forefront of creating innovative solutions to the problems that face our nation. They should have access to the resources they need to succeed in developing groundbreaking products. Learn more:  … Proud to introduce bipartisan legislation today that would allow small businesses to gain access to premier facilities at the @ENERGY #NationalLabs, spurring innovation and stimulating the culture of private-public collaboration. I’m encouraged that @SBALinda sees the immense value in promoting ways for small businesses to be more innovative by strengthening partnerships between small businesses and our robust @ENERGY national lab network We’re working hard in Congress to promote bipartisan ideas that work for America’s small businesses. I’m thrilled at @SBALinda’s incredibly enthusiastic response to my bipartisan bill with @SenatorRisch, @SenTinaSmith, and @SenCoryGardner that promotes partnerships between high tech small businesses and the @ENERGY national lab network Great to discuss the future of @SBAgov and its valuable grant programs with Administrator @SBALindapic.twitter.com/9OK5TPn90V Here’s the problem with the junk health insurance plans from the Trump Administration: they’re junk. And the reason they’re cheap is that they don’t cover much. … During #Ramadan, I wish everyone peace and happiness. Please enjoy this holiday with family and friends, and take time to help those in need.pic.twitter.com/SXPA2pHknz Title X plays a critical role in promoting the health of millions of Americans, but the Trump Administration may try to dramatically reduce its reach. That’s unacceptable, and I’ll do whatever I can to protect Title X. I recently joined my colleagues in voicing our strong support of the Title X family planning program – the nation’s only federal program that provides reproductive & family planning services to underserved individuals & communities.pic.twitter.com/CLqooSF9HQ Today was a very cool day in the Senate – I got to speak w/ one of my favorite artists, Smokey Robinson, about my bill to make sure that when classic music like Smokey’s is available online, those artists are compensated when their music is streamed … Senator @ChrisCoons tells Smokey Robinson at hearing on music copyright what everyone over age 45 is thinking:  Your Motown hits "were literally the soundtrack of my life." .@smokey_robinson -- Rock & Roll Hall of Fame member and performer of dozens of my favorite songs -- testified today in support of the CLASSICS Act, which I introduced with @SenJohnKennedypic.twitter.com/jcNSh74oo5 What an honor to meet @smokey_robinson this morning at a Judiciary Cmte hearing on protecting & promoting music creation for the 21st century. Ensuring that our laws keep up with changing technology is vital to the music industry & this is important bipartisan reform.pic.twitter.com/aqeoayP3Tj As we recognize the law enforcement community during #NationalPoliceWeek, we must honor their commitment by serving them as well as they serve us. I’m committed to working w my colleagues to make sure our officers have every resource they need to do their jobs & come home safely. This is welcome news. During his first 18 months in office, Trump decimated our diplomatic ranks.  I commend @SecPompeo for ending the hiring freeze, and we need to restore diplomacy as a primary tool of U.S. foreign policy ASAP. … Completely agree, @PattyMurray: “We’ve found common ground on health care before. The only reason we can’t again is if one party chooses not to look for it. That won't be Democrats. We're already at the table.” … I’m praying tonight for my friend, @SenatorReid, who is reportedly recovering well after a successful surgery. Harry’s a fighter through and through and he’ll beat this, too. During #NationalPoliceWeek, we offer our gratitude, thanks, and support to the men and women of law enforcement, their families, and their communities.pic.twitter.com/v3fhv8HuKm Happy #MothersDay2018 to all the wonderful moms who do so much for their families. Thank you and we love you! That's important because they lead to good jobs! @ChrisCoons notes in @thehill more than 90% of those who complete #apprenticeships land jobs with annual wages that exceed $60,000. To create significantly more apprenticeships, @ChrisCoons' new initiative to create #Apprenticeship Hubs across America would stand up new registered apprenticeship programs in high-growth industries. Everyone in DC should be focused on creating more good jobs for Americans. Today in @thehill, Sen. @ChrisCoons has an answer to one key challenge: getting more Americans skills for the jobs of the future. … The bill would authorize an allowable use of funds under the existing Teacher Quality Partnership grant program to allow high-need schools & colleges to partner together to create teacher development programs. I look forward to working w/ my colleagues to pass this bill into law! Proud that @RepJaredPolis & @RepLukeMesser are introducing my bill, the Teachers Are Leaders Act, in the House today. This is an important bill that would improve teacher retention & student achievement. I recently led a bipartisan congressional delegation to Zimbabwe, Niger, South Africa, & Burkina Faso. I look forward to meeting with former Amb Nagy & state Senator McCarter & reviewing their records & qualifications. Whether it’s combatting terrorism in the Sahel & East Africa, supporting democratic institutions & rule of law throughout the continent, or promoting U.S. investment & American companies through legislation like the BUILD Act, the U.S. simply cannot afford to ignore Africa. I’m glad to see the Trump admin finally nominate officials for these two important posts. Simply put, the U.S. & the Trump admin must do a better job of engaging in Africa. … Honored to meet today with @NazaninBoniadi to discuss the importance of fighting for human rights in Iran and around the world.pic.twitter.com/9cZCio1DXi OK, so the Trump Admin is protecting two states so far from off-shore drilling:      Florida   Maryland So, @SecretaryZinke - let's move another mile up the coastline and protect #Delaware, too. Even better, how about if we just stick with the current off-shore drilling ban? The Special Counsel should conclude his investigation when the investigation has concluded. No later, no sooner. … New Ebola outbreaks underscore the urgency for Congress to make long-term, sustainable investments in medical research & global health infrastructure.  I’m going to continue to fight against the Trump Admin’s cuts to our global health contributions. … This Old House is in Washington D.C. today! We're there to advance the dialogue around the existing skills gap in America, speaking on a panel Senator @ChrisCoons (D-DE), the Co-Chair of the Senate Competitiveness Caucus, built around our apprentice program, Generation Next. /1 The Senate should take action. We should vote on and pass S.2497, US Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act, to expedite mil support to Israel Very concerned by Iran’s attack on Israeli forces. US always stands with our ally Israel & I strongly support Israel’s right to self-defense … Excellent piece @ChrisCoons! America’s HVAC Contractors are working on apprenticeship programs with @SecretaryAcosta! This is certainly an issue worthy of a national bipartisan effort.  Addressing the skills gap in America through apprenticeships … I look forward to passing this bill into law so that American firms & individuals can invest abroad & advance U.S. interests and values. Excited to see that the BUILD Act received support from the @USChamber. The bill, which I introduced with @SenBobCorker, would modernize the United States’ development finance institution to create economic growth in the developing world. This new facility and the plan to invest $45 million in our state to increase manufacturing capacity makes this a great day for Delaware and the Delaware workforce. This is another positive sign that DuPont is committed to operating, expanding, and staying in the First State. DuPont has been rooted in Delaware since 1802 and today, those roots grow stronger with DuPont’s purchase of a larger manufacturing facility in Newark.    The patent system is critical to progress in our nation because it supports & encourages the ordinary citizen to innovate. I’m glad to see leaders in the innovation policy & IP field come to D.C. today to discuss its future. Proud to join @iipcc_org today to discuss the importance of the patent system in the U.S. We must remember it was the patent system that helped propel the U.S. from a relatively sleepy, agrarian economy into a powerhouse that overtook the superpower of the day—England. The future of the internet hangs in the balance. Today, Democrats are taking action. RT if you agree that access to the internet isn’t a privilege, but a right. #NetNeutrality Today, I’m joining my Democratic colleagues in calling for a vote on the Senate floor to save #NetNeutrality. I urge you to call your Senators today & fight for a free, open internet. Our European allies are questioning now whether we are a reliable partner in making diplomatic measures that will drive Iran in a better direction – the President needs to consult Congress on what to do next with regards to North Korea & Iran. I hope that we can now find some path toward reengaging our allies, renegotiating with Iran, and getting to a stronger deal. But, I frankly think President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal makes that less likely, not more likely.  And if that weren’t enough, our President & Senate Republicans are continuing to raise costs & reduce access by expanding junk insurance plans, undermining consumer protections in the ACA, & blocking bipartisan efforts to lower premiums. Senate Republicans have made it their mission to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. But what has that resulted in? Millions more uninsured, many more without access to quality care, and higher premiums for American families. Thank you, Sen. @ChrisCoons for meeting with #cysticfibrosis advocates to discuss the importance of adequate, affordable, and accessible healthcare for people with CF. #CFadvocacypic.twitter.com/9zp2Zw9jhS The Senate Republicans’ health care plan continues to hurt Americans & limit access to affordable health care for all. Ask doctors, nurses, & advocates – they’ll all tell you the same thing. We have to do better by working *together* to improve our health care system. Thanks to their hard work, they now have industry-recognized credentials that make them career ready right away as high school graduates. What a wonderful day for the students, their families, and their teachers. To read our oped, visit   #Jobs #NetDEpic.twitter.com/5Fc8naVzAh ICMY: I co-wrote an oped for @delawareonline with @NCCVoTech Superintendent Dr. Vicki Gehrt about Delaware's first ever vo-tech ‘draft day’ where a group of 13 high school seniors accepted full-time job offers from local employers like M. Davis and @WaymanFirepic.twitter.com/l0sPqpaeEu Thanks @john_h_norris for @amprog post about Congress’ support for international development. I’m proud to have worked on bipartisan measures to sustain & reform U.S. foreign assistance, & I look forward to passing the BUILD Act to continue that progress.  Iran deal reaction from both sides on @BensonAndHarf tonight: @RepKinzinger & @ChrisCoons -- plus @ChrisStirewalt and @DanaPerino |  Grateful for everyone who joined our event, particularly the @ThisOldHouse experts, @Angie_Hicks, & our other terrific panelists. It was a privilege to hear your insight on what we can do to create stronger career paths for young American men & women. We’ve made important progress in addressing the #skillsgap, but we still have much more to do. Proud to speak today at a bipartisan panel discussion on this topic:  That’s what we call the #skillsgap & that’s where #apprenticeships come in. The data speaks for itself: more than 90% of those who complete #apprenticeships land jobs with starting annual wages that exceed $60,000. According to the National Skills Coalition, there are 5.9 million job openings in the U.S. & 6.6 million unemployed Americans. But, here’s the problem: many of these unemployed Americans don’t have the skills they need to fill these open jobs. Apprenticeships are what I like to call "the other four-year degree,” because they often lead to a well-paying job, a clear career path upon graduating, little to no debt, & skills that you can use for a lifetime. On Capitol Hill, we spend a lot of time talking about how important it is to invest in four-year degree programs, which indeed are critical investments. But there are other pathways that young people can take to build a successful career, such as #apprenticeships. Today’s announcement is further proof that President Trump does not have a clear strategy for dealing with Iran, and that is dangerous not only for the United States, but also for the world. I share President Trump’s goals of ensuring Iran never obtains a nuclear weapon and denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula, but we differ greatly in how we approach these problems. Bluster is not a strategy and the alliances we have built over the past 70 years matter Why would our international partners honor any deal we might strike with North Korea? What reasonable expectation is there for a new, stronger deal with Iran? How can we lead an international coalition to push back against Iran after abandoning an agreement with which Iran has largely complied? How do we now ensure that Iran does not restart its nuclear weapons program without the inspections and access guaranteed by the agreement? What is his strategy for preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon? Today’s decision from President Trump produces only new, increasingly difficult questions. Like the President, I’m deeply concerned by Iran’s continued support for terrorism, its commitment to prop up the Assad regime, its human rights abuses, & its ballistic missile program, but I question how walking away from the deal makes it any easier to deal w/ those challenges This is a mistake. It will likely make it harder for the US & the international community to monitor Iran’s nuclear program, it divides us from our European allies, and it raises legitimate questions about US’ ability to lead the international community in the face of crisis. … Today is #NationalTeacherDay & this week is National Teacher Appreciation Week! I’m thankful for the incredible teachers in DE & beyond. I will do everything I can at the federal level to support teachers. Be sure to thank those teachers in your lives who have made an impact! On this #TrumanDay we honor a POTUS committed to human rights, transparency & democracy. Harry Truman was a humble man from a humble state who did his job as he saw fit, made decisions that were hard, held himself accountable & left a legacy that has served us well for 70 years.pic.twitter.com/ouNidfddvr Proud to join @SenatorHeitkamp in honoring our public servants during Public Service Recognition Week. The work of our public servants is vital to the success of our nation & safety of our communities. #PSRW Tomorrow, I’m honored to be hosting a bipartisan discussion that features the experts from @ThisOldHouse & others on addressing the #skillsgap in America through #apprenticeships. Don’t forget to RSVP:pic.twitter.com/G9SSHrCryX ¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo! Today commemorates México’s unlikely victory against French forces at the Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862. Whether you’re honoring this historic moment, celebrating Mexican culture, or going out with family & friends, please have a safe & enjoyable holiday.pic.twitter.com/DZJ13WEngh To the namesake of this award, Sonia, thank you. Your leadership, your fierce determination, your dedication to Planned Parenthood are treasured up and down the state. You are a leader, a force of nature, & the best of what we are as Delawareans. To the dedicated staff and volunteers of @PPDelaware - I am proud to be fighting side by side with you for women’s reproductive rights, access to women’s health and family planning services for women who cannot otherwise afford health care. Tonight, I was honored to be recognized, along with my Mom, Sally Gore, with @PPDelaware "Sonia Schorr Sloan Service Award." This award, and organization, mean a great deal to me. Thank you to the board, President & CEO Ruth Lytle-Barnaby and all women’s health advocates. Enjoyed my time getting to know inspiring Delawarean Michael Caruso and his mom, Jen. Michael, a student at @MHSCAVSPride, doesn't let cystic fibrosis define him. He's a long-distance runner who a year ago completed the New York City Half-Marathon. Great to meet you, Michael!pic.twitter.com/s2UPKkHcgo Great meeting with William Henry Middle School Principal Charles Sheppard, DSU Early College High School Principal Dr. Evelyn Edney and Delcastle High School Principal Dr. Clifton Hayes about the need for increased and sustained federal funding for principal & teacher developmentpic.twitter.com/mLrpQeYTPt Entrepreneurship is the lifeblood of the American economy. Join me in celebrating small businesses across the country & visit one near you:   Honored to deliver remarks this morning at the District of Delaware’s Bench & Bar Conference. Discussed a wide range of topics from judicial nominees to my bipartisan bill to protect Special Counsel Robert Mueller.pic.twitter.com/XkMZNC97JZ I will continue working with my colleagues in the Senate to demonstrate the United States’ commitment to promoting fundamental rights, including a free press, in Burma and around the world. As co-chair of the Senate Human Rights Caucus, I have repeatedly called on Burmese authorities to respect press freedom and to release Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. #FreeWaLoneKyawSoeOo  … I joined colleagues including @SenatorDurbin and @marcorubio in sending a letter today to Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, two Reuters journalists who were arrested by Burmese authorities for trying to shine a light on human rights abuses in Rakhine State. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, 262 journalists were imprisoned in 2017 and 26 journalists have been killed in 2018. I stand with journalists around the world who are threatened because of their work to promote accountability and good governance. Today, we celebrate the critical role of an independent media in protecting democracy, here in the United States and abroad. #WorldPressFreedomDay Great to have our bipartisan work on Senate Chicken Caucus featured on @wattagnet - it's a true pleasure working with my friends @SenatorIsakson, @LindseyGrahamSC and more on policies to help the U.S. chicken industry. To read more about this, click here  Our #NationalDayofPrayer is a time for us to unite in prayer, reflection & meditation. Romans 12:12 — Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.pic.twitter.com/3Ie9F7s4R5 There are over 79,400 small businesses in the First State that employ over 180,100 Delawareans. I’m proud to represent a state that understands the power of small business. Happy #SmallBusinessWeek!    As part of Small Business Week, I stopped by ShoreCare to congratulate SCORE volunteers for their Delaware SBA Lifetime Achievement Awards. Thank you to Herb Konowitz and Charlie Schafer for everything you do to support Delaware’s small businesses!pic.twitter.com/I5jVWZn9JJ I’m proud to support DE small businesses this week & every week. Small businesses are at the forefront of creative innovative solutions to the problems that face our nation. Join me in celebrating #SmallBusinessWeek:   I was honored to sign the Beau Biden Gun Violence Prevention Act, and to help carry on Beau’s legacy and his commitment to protecting Delawareans. #gunsafetyde  pic.twitter.com/Wn9YDfgF3N Spoke today at NCC Vo-Tech School District's inaugural Job Signing Day. Students from @delcastle_ths, @HodgsonVoTech, @HowardWildcats & @St_GeorgesTHS signed letters of intent as they begin their professional careers. Congrats to the students, parents, teachers & new employers!pic.twitter.com/ET0UMdu7kU I joined @cgtnafrica to discuss the importance of President Mnangagwa taking concrete steps to advance democratic reforms ahead of Zimbabwe’s elections: … I met with Zimbabwean President Mnangagwa in April and encouraged him to uphold his commitments to democracy and protecting human rights. Employee signing day! Welding student Chris Deel was offered a job at M. Davis Inc. and tech drafting student Tim McLaughlin was offered one at Wayman Fire Protection. @NCCVoTech #netde #edudepic.twitter.com/AAHpYxskzG The bottom line is this: the Affordable Care Act isn’t perfect, but it’s helping millions of Americans, and we should work *together* to improve its flaws Even former Trump Administration officials are now admitting that their attempts to gut the Affordable Care Act will make health care more expensive for Americans: … Did you know that small businesses create two out of every three new jobs? Show your support for #SmallBusinessWeek & start your own:  pic.twitter.com/Y5DCVhrFTV Met with @SecretService Special Agent in Charge of the Philadelphia Field Office Jim Henry and Resident Agent in Charge Scott McDerby yesterday. Thankful for all they do from keeping our dignitaries safe both here in Delaware and around the countrypic.twitter.com/yMJLxJh4DX Pleased to meet with @ATFBaltimore Special Agent in Charge Danny Board. Grateful to talk about efforts to connect federal resources to each other and Delaware state & local police agencies.pic.twitter.com/QekIz2X6rS Happy #SmallBusinessWeek! This week, we are celebrating the nearly 30 million small businesses in the United States, which employ nearly half of the American workforce. In the past 2 years alone, this program has supported the hiring of 21 new officers in DE communities like Cheswold, Delmar, Laurel, Ocean View, Smyrna, and Wilmington. This is the type of program that makes a real difference in our communities, and I am proud to support it. Just introduced the critical bipartisan COPS grants program w/ @amyklobuchar @SenThomTillis @LindseyGrahamSC @SenFeinstein - these grants help keep our communities safe by creating partnerships among all levels of law enforcement and strengthening our local police departments.pic.twitter.com/JqQWQxMeee Joining @FoxNewsSunday in just a few minutes-tune in! … This week on #FNS: National Security Adviser John Bolton Senator Chris Coons (D-DE), member of the Foreign Relations & Judiciary Committees.pic.twitter.com/HnQWyMD9U6 pic.twitter.com/oH0QLXXpD6 pic.twitter.com/xaaCCsV1CX pic.twitter.com/SOxUFrCSqf We’re urging Pres Trump to sustain a U.S. force presence in Syria & work with Congress to formulate a strategy to prevent the reemergence of ISIS, reduce the presence of Iran, Hezbollah, and Russia in the Levant, and facilitate a diplomatic resolution to the Syrian conflict.pic.twitter.com/B5LCyHk3Gu New Castle Court House, circa 1732, served as DE’s first court & state capitol. Here in 1776, New Castle, Kent & Sussex counties separated from Pennsylvania & England creating the state of Delaware. It’s now part of our First State Historical Park. #NationalParkWeek #FindYourParkpic.twitter.com/0WOCILKqVN Today I was honored to meet with Gambia’s First Lady, Fatoumatta Bah Barrow & Minister of Agriculture, Omar Jallow, during their visit to Delaware. We talked about my trip to #Gambia last summer & we discussed the recent developments there.pic.twitter.com/xy28yrAnSl Sen. Coons swears in newly elected officials of Sanford City @ChrisCoons @SanfordWarrior  We owe it to farmers in Delaware and throughout the country to set smart, responsible trade policies that foster economic growth with our agricultural trade partners. The bottom line is simple: at a time when family farmers’ profits are razor thin, we simply cannot afford to start unnecessary trade wars. Check out my op-ed with @AgricultureDE Sec. Scuse in @delmarvafarmer about the need for smart trade policies that help American workers, manufacturers, and growers....   SUNDAY: Chris sits down for an exclusive interview with Senator Chris Coons (D-DE), Member of the Foreign Relations & Judiciary Committees.pic.twitter.com/qrt77DaSPI That’s why I’m proud to announce that I will be hosting a bipartisan discussion that features the experts from @ThisOldHouse, @Angie_Hicks, and @MarvinWindows on addressing the skills gap in America through apprenticeships.pic.twitter.com/ovYma1hUh1 I’ve seen firsthand that apprenticeships work. It’s one of our oldest forms of education—and still one of the smartest investments we can make. In the Senate, the most common conversation topic is a simple one: jobs. How do we create more of them? How do we ensure that Americans have the skills they need? In these discussions, we can’t forget about a proven way to train Americans for lifelong careers: apprenticeships. Glad to be in #DelawareCity today for the dedication of new solar panels that replaced the outdated generators at #FortDelaware. Grateful for the spirit of collaboration that helped drive this project! @FEMAregion3 @YourDNREC @DEStateParks @DelawareEMA @PSEGdeliverspic.twitter.com/SlVL78DI69 Just had a great visit w/ @SanfordWarrior 4th graders. Answered some tough, but fair questions. Discussed importance of studying Delaware history and toured their virtual "Sanford City." Even had the chance to "swear in" three new mayors of their cities. Thanks for inviting me!pic.twitter.com/qLCFumb7cF The John Dickinson House, c1739, was the boyhood home of #FoundingFather John Dickinson, best known as the "Penman of the Revolution." Located in Dover, it's part of our First State National Historical Park. #NationalParkWeek #KentCounty @NatlParkService @DelawareHistorypic.twitter.com/988JFLZnxP So proud, as always, to call fellow Delawarean Bryan Stevenson a friend.  Take a minute to read about the incredible work he’s doing: … This is a big deal.   Important, bipartisan, timely momentum for an important, bipartisan, timely bill. … We worked well with Chairman Grassley and Ranking Member Feinstein to refine and improve the bill and make today’s vote possible. I’m inspired by the Judiciary Committee’s bipartisan vote of 14-7 just now to adopt and refer to the whole Senate my bill with senators Tillis, Graham and Booker to protect the Special Counsel. It’s critical that we prioritize our efforts to counteract counterfeiting so that trademark- & IP-intensive industries can fuel our economy. It will continue to be a priority of mine in the Senate. #WorldIPDay The sports industry faces counterfeiting challenges from all directions, where valuable trademarks are misused. We’ve seen efforts to fix this problem, but there’s still a lot to do. We need to be vigilant & educate customers. #WorldIPDay Trademarks & other forms of intellectual property play a vital role in our economy & in the global marketplace. Proud to speak w/ experts yesterday on the importance of trademarks in the sports industry #WorldIPDay In 2014 alone, @CommerceGov estimates that trademarks brought over $6T in value added to our economy. That same year, trademark-intensive industries accounted for ~24M jobs. #WorldIPDay We're a few hours away from @SenatorCarper @RepBRochester seasonal #SussexCounty job fair. Stop by the Rehoboth Beach Convention Center from 1-5 p.m. today to meet +40 companies, non-profits, stores and restaurants looking to fill seasonal and full time positions #jobs #netDEpic.twitter.com/ZBplxIjhAZ Getting ready to join @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews a little after 7-tune in! “US foreign assistance is not wasted, and it is not charity.” Thank you Senator @ChrisCoons for your leadership and inspiring words today on #WorldMalariaDay.pic.twitter.com/d71rfs5xZi “This #worldmalariaday is a chance to both recognize challenges and to celebrate progress in the fight against malaria. Be reminded that there still over 200 million cases each year and we have the opportunity to make a difference.” - Sen @ChrisCoons #readytobeatmalariapic.twitter.com/Ijmo0vmHpS We have more work to do, with more than 200 million people still suffering from malaria. Nearly 90% live on the continent of Africa, and 70% are under the age of 5. #WorldMalariaDay It is critical that we sustain bipartisan support for American leadership in the fight to eradicate malaria. We have a lot to celebrate, but today should be both a celebration & a challenge. Every year, #WorldMalariaDay gives us an opportunity to step back & evaluate our progress. Through the @GlobalFund & the President’s Malaria Initiative, each year we stride closer toward our goal of eradicating malaria. Wonderful to see the Governors of 6 states and PR working together to find common sense solutions for gun violence. Let me know how I can help, @JohnCarneyDE   #NetDE … It’s been great to work with & serve with Rep. Charlie Dent of PA, an outstanding colleague.  Good luck in your future endeavors!pic.twitter.com/zb1IVRfGFm Great to meet with members of @AARPDE today. In the Senate, I will always do everything I can to support its 186,000+ members in the First State.  Thank you for visiting my D.C. office!pic.twitter.com/Z7Scm2PiRe French President Emmanuel Macron delivered a forceful reminder of the values that tie our nations together, combined with an elegant critique of President Trump’s positions on climate change, the Iran deal and globalization.  It was forceful, optimistic and historic. Honored to be recognized again by @TheLugarCenter for working across the aisle. Thank you to Sen. Lugar and @McCourtSchool for spotlighting the importance of bipartisanship in Washington. Working together is the only way we can get things done. #bipartisanshipworkspic.twitter.com/iPPfeVjgaw The Beau Biden Gun Violence Prevention Act is a really important piece of legislation in a package of comprehensive gun safety reform that will help make our state safer. #netDE … I was proud to co-lead this amicus brief with @RepZoeLofgren on why the President’s travel ban is unlawful. Learn more here: … 