Bradley International named #5 in top 10 U.S. airports … Great to have CT Principal of the Year Dianne Vumback stop by my DC office during @NASSP Principals Institute this week! Congrats to Dianne and her students at Lincoln Middle School in Meriden. The only reason not to do an FBI investigation is that Republicans want to rush Kavanaugh through. There is no rush. The three women are willing to testify under oath and anyone who has information to dispute the claims should be too. I’m reading the affidavit right now. Just awful. It takes a lot of courage to come forward and the Republicans’ refusal to hear out these survivors, and call witnesses, is totally unacceptable. Great work being done by these Hartford students, with the help of @Nelba_MG & Hartford Communities That Care Leadership Academy, to combat gun violence in our communities. … Thanks to all our first responders who leapt into action during this life threatening flooding. Danger remains so please stay vigilant everyone. … High school and college students -- are you infuriated by this news cycle? Do you want to do something to change things? Come be a part of our #FightBackCT GOTV fellowship and help us win in November   pic.twitter.com/ksjJzMJ6WB .@ChrisMurphyCT: “Are any of you aware of any data that suggests arming our teachers makes our schools safer?”  4/4 education experts: No  #BooksNotBullets  Final thought on this - you can make the argument that Dems shouldn’t have changed rules in 2013 so that GOP would fully “own” getting rid of filibuster. But that’s inside the beltway score keeping. If Rs were going to change it anyway, why play the self righteous sucker? … Plus, had Dems not broke Republican obstruction on circuit courts in 2013, Trump would have way more vacancies to fill and be much further along in tilting the appellate courts to the extreme right. … I love this idea that if Dems hadn’t changed to 50 votes for lower courts McConnell would have magnanimously kept filibuster for SCOTUS. McConnell has made it crystal clear he will do anything to pack the courts. He would have ditched the filibuster the minute he didn’t have 60. You’re dead to me. … PLEASE BE ADVISED  There are many flooded streets and flash flooding.  Do NOT attempt to drive down flooded roads.  If you can, stay safe & off the roads.  #floods #safety Earlier today during our committee hearing on education, I asked experts from Nebraska, South Carolina and Delaware if they're aware of any data that shows arming teachers makes schools safer.   All of them said no. Trump's dangerous incoherence offers an opportunity for progressives to articulate a strong, clear, and values-based alternative: … 8/ A lot more to say here, but let’s have a robust debate amongst progressives about how we can be for more than just reflexive opposition to Trump’s nonsensical withdrawal from the world. 7/ Curtail secret wars. CIA/NSA should be in the biz of intelligence, not covert war making. Drone strikes are perfect example of a practice that makes us feel good, but w/o public scrutiny, often creates more enemies than it kills. 6/ Invest in democracy abroad. Don’t be so afraid to support civil society in autocratic states, and pump up support for fledgling democracies. Don’t overpromise like we did in Egypt - but don’t be scared of pushing self determination. 5/ End military sales to corrupt regimes overseas. Its not that we shouldn’t talk w despots, but we don’t need to prop them up with arms that often are used to killl civilians or end up in the hands of bad people. 4/ Demand congressional authorization for all overseas military engagements. Pull funding if a President - R or D - insists on making war without congressional consent. 3/ Massively scale up on non-military tools. For instance, new programs to fight Russian and extremist propaganda; robust energy independence fund for our allies; huge anti-corruption partnerships with developing democracies. 2/ End our reliance on our military to solve inherently political problems overseas. We keep sending troops to the Middle East and wonder why thugs getting worse. Military restraint IS a policy. THREAD: 1/ In response to Trump’s incoherent rant at the UN, Democrats need to rally around a progressive foreign policy that transforms our national security toolkit to meet the new global threats. Some elements: Ugh. … At Senate hearing, @ChrisMurphyCT asks education leaders from Nebraska, South Carolina and Delaware if they're aware of any data that shows arming teachers makes schools safer. All said no FYI, if U.S. troops are in Syria to fight Iran, there is NO legal authorization for this. This is illegal and unconstitutional. … Everyone should take a minute today to read @AdyBarkan's story. It's a reminder of exactly what's at stake this November when it comes to our health care. … We’re on it. You’ll see. … Last week the Senate passed the Opioid Crisis Recovery Act of 2018, which includes my Recovery COACH bill that would expand a successful Connecticut program nationwide. Earlier today I sat down with local leaders in Enfield to talk about how the opioid crisis has impacted their community and what we're doing in Washington to help towns in Connecticut.pic.twitter.com/YwBiCUoMOX I don’t think this was my office, but worth noting that at times of high political drama like this week, I’m very thankful for both the patriotic, patient, hard working front desk staff that field thousands of calls and for passionate citizens who make them. … Despite the President's denials, we know adversaries like Russia have worked to manipulate our elections. So Congress passed funding for states to beef up our protections - including $5 million for Connecticut. … Senator Feinstein is right. This is a lifetime appointment - there is zero reason to rush. The committee and the FBI should do a full investigation, giving Republicans time to do some soul searching. … We're tearing families apart. Detaining children indefinitely. And doing it at the expense of treatment for people with cancer and HIV. … Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen have claimed thousands of lives – but @SecPompeo supports continuing this war so we don't get in the way of potential weapons sales. Defense industry profits should not outweigh the lives of innocent civilians. … In the richest country in the world, your insurance company shouldn't be able to deny you care if you get sick. You shouldn't go bankrupt because of medical bills. But what's what we're up against. And we're not going to back down. Rallying today with @ProtectOurCare and community members in Bridgeport against attacks on our health care from this administration. Thank you to everyone who came out to share their stories and talk about why these protections matter so much.pic.twitter.com/SjonCITm5Q Fun Read. Shane Green!! … Proud to have the support of @SEIU CT! Now more than ever, we need to stand up for workers and make sure that people who work hard in this country can still get ahead.pic.twitter.com/xGMUCyB9kF If you’re outraged at the highly coordinated Republican attack campaign on Christine Blasey Ford, then do something about it TODAY.  Door knocks and phone banks all across Connecticut. Find one here.  Knocking on doors and talking to voters with James Maroney in Milford this morning! Great crowd here for 9am on a Saturday.pic.twitter.com/l4HzKgeGsF This Sunday I'm joining @ProtectOurCare and @SouthwestCHC for a rally to protect our health care. Will you be there?pic.twitter.com/IMZrJW4QK8 Great discussion at @YaleCancer today with doctors, researchers and patients about new developments in combatting cancer. Thanks to all of the patients and families who came to share their stories with us. #BidenCancerSummitpic.twitter.com/HqGWQK0ik0 Sat down with educators, students and State Senate candidate Jorge Cabrera in Hamden to talk about the future of public education funding.pic.twitter.com/cboCvyQa8D Wait...I’m super confused now. The New York Times isn’t fake now?  Or just not fake on Fridays? Or just not fake when it’s conveinent? Help me here. … This week we also secured nearly $31 million in new federal grant funding to help Connecticut combat the opioid epidemic. Started the day in Bristol discussing the opioid epidemic in Connecticut. This week, the Senate passed the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018, which includes lots of new policies to help Connecticut and states across the country address this crisis.pic.twitter.com/iZTuvX3m37 Sadly, correct.  The creakiest 103 win team ever... … The gun lobby sued me — twice — and they lost — twice.  When we win, we are going to ban assault weapons in Florida.   And if the gun lobby fights us — and they will — we’ll beat them again. My #BidenCancerSummit  question - Congress has increased NIH funding by $9 billion over the last few years. What has this funding meant to cancer research - both for investigators working to develop new therapies & patients who often face financial strain accessing treatment? This is a bombshell.    And the effective takeaway here is that we are going to keep knowingly killing civilians in Yemen to protect our ability to sell more weapons to Gulf countries to kill MORE CIVILIANS.  Maybe the least virtuous circle ever. … Join us as we host @SenBlumenthal @ChrisMurphyCT for a @BidenCancer Community Summit on Friday, Sept 21 at 2pm at Smilow Cancer Hospital. Register at   #YaleBidenSummit #CancerFiercepic.twitter.com/UYtQzxpCg5 Like every other day, the political stakes tomorrow will feel life or death. So tonight, before you go to bed, READ THIS - to understand real life or death stakes, and how Americans can still come together when it counts. … America. … A local reporter experiencing the president up close for the first time —-> … Great work by the @CTNationalGuard, who rescued 80+ people and two dozen pets in the aftermath of Hurricane Florence. … Merrick Garland … And here’s me @MartinHeinrich and @brianschatz from 2015 on principles for a progressive foreign policy. … Glad that smart folks are starting to write about the future of progressive foreign policy. Here’s my detailed blueprint from last summer for a progressive rewrite of the international affairs budget.  cc @dbessner @PeterBeinart  … It's not that one vote CAN make a difference.  It's that one vote DOES make a difference.  It's time to step up.  But don't take our word for it, take it from @SenJeffMerkley, @SenWarren, @ChrisMurphyCT, and @timkaine.  #Vote #StatesMatter #BlueWave2018 #Midterms2018pic.twitter.com/ClzcAICSE2 1. There is no rush.  2. This isn’t a trial.  3. The bar should be high. It’s a lifetime appointment and there are thousands of other qualified lawyers/judges out there.  4. There is no rush.  5. Finally, there is no rush. Fun flashback for GOP Senators crowing about John Kerry “undermining” Trump:  That time you guys sent a letter to the Iranian Supreme Leader, in the middle of nuclear negotiations, telling him to back out bc the next Republican President would kill the deal anyway. Remember that? Wishing all who are observing Yom Kippur in Connecticut and around the world a peaceful holiday and an easy fast. Calling all high school and college students - we’re looking for #FightBackCT GOTV Fellows to help us get out the vote and win in November! Visit   by Sept. 26th to get started.pic.twitter.com/1FiEQaAoFF It's apparently National Cheeseburger Day. Whether you like your burger steamed, grilled, or surrounded by a halo of crispy cheese, there are plenty of places you can celebrate in Connecticut. … Please join us with Senator @ChrisMurphyCT, our state legislators and health care leaders at the Protect Our Care Rally at Southwest Community Health Center this Sunday! Share this post with your family and friends!pic.twitter.com/XNmPukJOnP Must read.   Every civilian death inside Yemen has an American imprint. Such a black mark on our nation. … Thanks to @YaleSPH for having me! Great questions from students about the ACA, gun violence, environmental justice and how we get to a place where every person in this country has access to health care they can afford. … Plenty of Washington Republicans could use a basic civics lesson, & we’d be a lot better off if we elected a lot more teachers. @JahanaHayes, a former Ntl Teacher of the Year, would be CT’s 1st African American Democrat in Congress. Help make it happen:  … … What a dark hour for a nation founded by refugees. This makes America weaker, in every way. And it empowers racists and xenophobes, in every way also. … Unemployment is as low as it's been in years, but people are still struggling to get by. Why? Because jobs don't pay enough, costs are rising and Republicans are trying yet again to gut programs that lift people out of poverty. … Our movement is unstoppable. Watch this. … Public companies say they’re bringing about $143 billion in foreign profits back to the US following Trump’s tax cuts. The president promised that number would be closer to $5 trillion.   ⁦@RichardRubinDC⁩ & ⁦@theofrancis⁩ with the reporting: … Great morning in Norwich with @ChamberECT taking their questions and talking about how we can support local Connecticut businesses.pic.twitter.com/YaFWYbwYnZ Big congrats to @drewshoneybees of Norwich! #CTmade #CTproud … Great group in Greenwich for tonight's rally and BBQ. Everyone is fired up to win in November.pic.twitter.com/6yVfyleqJz Talked with local candidates at the New Canaan DTC BBQ this afternoon. They've got big ideas and they're ready to bring them to Hartford.pic.twitter.com/tnLHogyzj6 Canvassed this morning as part of @ChrisMurphyCT ‘s #FightBackCT initiative with @angela1030, talked to folks in Norwalk, CT about GOTV for @momsdemand #GunSense candidates like @senatorduff @votestephanieCT & @lucydathan pic.twitter.com/8OWC7eObIx Danbury phone bank out here changing CT. So much thanks for all our volunteers, we can’t do it without you! #FightBackCTpic.twitter.com/nZUSRDUiwa Colchester Fights Back! Ready to hit the doors! #FightBackCT #2ndToNonepic.twitter.com/LLkvpKIh1d @Dan_Moran_16 and I knocked over 40 doors this morning for @ChrisMurphyCT and the CT Dems! How many doors are you knocking this weekend?! #FightBackCTpic.twitter.com/kvs3Iqw71O Please pay attention to this. The Chief Justice just personally intervened on behalf of corporate/billionaire dark money to keep their donations secret - 50 days before the election. Hmmmm....  pic.twitter.com/BNVcKn42fz We had a great crew of canvassers in Wilton this afternoon fired up to hit the doors for me, @WillHaskellCT, @StephanieforCT and @RossTartell!pic.twitter.com/XRNSKHk4UN Great to be in Stamford to endorse @MBlumenthalCT and kick off a great afternoon of talking with voters in Fairfield County.pic.twitter.com/KFf2oypnnG Stopped by Varick Memorial AME Zion in New Haven to talk with parishioners during Sunday service.pic.twitter.com/0mkxgjlORg It’s a gorgeous day in Connecticut today. So instead of complaining to a friend about something Trump did or said last week, go out there and knock doors with us. Get someone elected who is going to take him on. … Too many families in Connecticut struggle to afford childcare. I signed on to the Child Care for Working Families Act to help bring down costs. Under the bill, a typical family in CT would pay no more than $43 a week for childcare. #ChildCare4All  My colleagues and I are fighting back against attempt from the Trump admin to gut a law designed to protect military service members from getting cheated by shady financial practices. … Every time he does something awful, you do something to help Dems win. He tweets, you phone bank. He announces a bad policy, you send money to a democrat. He hurts people, you knock on doors. For the next 55 days we have one way to express our outrage and that is to work to win. Walk less... … After lots of hard work, I'm glad this bill is finally coming up for a vote. It has lots of good policies, including Recovery COACH act, modeled after a successful program here in Connecticut. … Great read from my friend @pgionfriddo on why he and his wife moved back to Connecticut. … Be careful about getting too outraged about the curtains in Haley’s apartment or Pompeo’s military base housing. Seem to be good explanations for these decisions. Not everyone is Scott Pruitt. It started w a 1901 Supreme Court case saying Puerto Rico deserved second class status bc it was “inhabited by alien races”. And it continues today, w Trump’s denial of hurricane deaths. Give this a watch. … Want to join us this Sunday in Wilton? RSVP here  … … Educators and parents agree - guns don't belong in our classrooms. … Celebrate Connecticut's thriving culture with 40+ breweries, local food trucks and live music at Small State Great Beer this weekend in Hartford!   #SSGB18pic.twitter.com/tucBjOECGl Good to see the courts standing up for students who have been defrauded by predatory for-profit colleges. … I met Bob last weekend. He seems like a nice dude. But candidates need to level with voters, not make ludicrous promises. The income tax is HALF the state budget. Might as well just promise to get rid of all taxes. That’s just as realistic. … Disgusting. … “Why is the US helping to kill kids In Yemen?” - my #Deconstructed podcast is back for a new season, featuring an exclusive interview with ⁦@ChrisMurphyCT⁩, the US senator who’s trying to stop this horrific war.  Listen (and subscribe!) here: … Even more timely now considering today's certification of the bombing campaign. Tune in everyone! … 8/ Congress reaches a breaking point, says Trump must certify that Saudis are taking steps to protect civilians before continuing support.  Trump basically ignores the statute, and today certified that all is fine.  Ignore what see and read. Bombing campaign continues. 7/ This summer, civilian casualties hit record numbers, including an intentional bombing of a school bus loaded with children.  Saudis announced that they are going to launch assault on the main port for humanitarian supplies. Red alert time. 6/ Yemen becomes, according to UN, "the worst man-made humanitarian disaster of our time".  18 million cannot live without assistance,  7,600 killed, mostly civilians, and 42,000 injured.  World Food Program says Yemen exists "on the brink of famine." 5/ Then, the wheels start coming off.  Without a check from the U.S., Saudis start bombing more and more civilian targets, including water treatment facilities.  This sets off the world's worst recorded cholera epidemic - 1 million cases and counting. 4/ Trump comes in, makes Saudi Arabia his first foreign visit, and goes all in on Yemen.  Restarts targeting help and munitions sales, essentially gives Saudis a blank check to ramp up the military campaign.  Iran responds by going in deeper too. 3/ Iran came to the Houthis aid, and Obama pledged support to Saudis in the growing proxy war. But Obama grew concerned that the Saudis were bombing too many civilian targets, and started to pull U.S. back from the coalition. 2/ When the Houthis overtook the Saudi-backed government in Yemen, Saudis, with the UAE, launched a counter-offensive. A brutal civil war erupted, and Al Qaeda and ISIS took advantage, taking control of huge amounts of Yemeni territory, growing stronger than ever. 1/ The Trump Administration formally endorsed the U.S. backed bombing of civilians inside Yemen today. You need to start raising your voice on this - now.  If you need a quick primer why, read this THREAD Women in Connecticut don’t want politicians or radical judges telling them what to do with their bodies. I’m proud to have @PPact by my side as we fight back.pic.twitter.com/dSqzrh21vJ Working together, works! Thanks @ChrisMurphyCT for partnering to produce a good bill. … in this instance they all have labels: republican! … Stopped by @ridgefieldsply yesterday to hear from the owners about how the Trump administration's trade dispute with Canada has impacted their business. Lumber tariffs could increase the costs of homes in Connecticut by $8,000.pic.twitter.com/sIBBUuSAeX Documents appear to show DHS diverted nearly $10 million from FEMA to ICE ahead of hurricane season  pic.twitter.com/esP5SwWJC8 There were more than 38,000 gun deaths in 2016. Almost 23,000 of those were suicide.   And research very strongly suggests that reducing access to guns will drastically reduce those deaths. #WorldSuicidePreventionDaypic.twitter.com/J1DLLCXKHR I mean this seriously, not as a political dig.   If you’re in Florence’s path and considering riding it out, your President just said that a hurricane response where 3,000 die is his measure of success.  Get out of there. Sat down with students at Fairchild Wheeler in Bridgeport to talk about my new bill to increase diversity in our classrooms.pic.twitter.com/NgQEri4XNp Great stop in Norwalk this morning with @UPS to support @Habitati_org and the work they're doing in Connecticut.pic.twitter.com/HXYngTIxu9 In the Trump administration, clean air and clean water are taking a back seat to corporate profits for big polluters. … Sen. @ChrisMurphyCT Demands Clarity From @BetsyDeVos On Grants That Could Arm Teachers  …pic.twitter.com/7TJgLBTrnI This is the subcommittee budget I headed w Montana Republican ⁦@SteveDaines⁩. Lots of good stuff. Intern pay. Better off-campus security for Members. More transparency on campaign finances. … Nearly two decades later, the best read on what happened on 9/11 and why is Lawrence Wright’s The Looming Tower. Still essential reading as we fight terrorism across the globe. #NeverAgain #September11 First tweet from the president on the anniversary of 9/11 — … Please note he’s carrying a @WilliamsCollege umbrella (don’t tell @trinitycollege) … Not only did Obama never say this, but Obama topped 5% in one quarter, so who has the bigger magic wand? … The lying. The making things up out of thin air (Obama never said this).   I refuse to let this ever feel normal. … There's no denying that women's health care is under attack. I'm proud to fight back alongside @NARAL and @ProChoiceCT. … For anyone struggling with thoughts of suicide, know that there is help available. For loved ones, know the signs and what resources are out there. #WorldSuicidePreventionDaypic.twitter.com/lvhjo2hOju I'm proud to have the support of @LCVoters. I'm going to keep fighting to protect Connecticut's environment for generations to come. … Editorial: It is in America’s interest to promote democracy and human rights. But this obvious course needs an advocate because democracy is under siege in many parts of the world, and the U.S. seems to have no diplomatic strategy to reverse this trend.  pic.twitter.com/Nh7qdDQLAf I work for the people of Connecticut. That means getting out from behind my desk and making sure I'm listening to what they want me to do in Washington.   And when they tell me something is important to them, I act on it.pic.twitter.com/5vFtPAEUp6 Thanks to Trump's tax cuts, CEO pay continues to rise while workers get left behind. … I never got the chance to really know Ben, but his reputation around Connecticut was unrivaled. Fierce political competitor who also knew there were more important things in life than elections.  My deepest regards to his family and friends. … Ron DeSantis, GOP nominee for Florida governor, spoke four times at conferences organized by a conservative activist who has said that African Americans owe their freedom to white people, @bethreinhard & @emmersbrown report … Shana Tova to everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah in Connecticut and around the world. Wishing you a sweet new year. I agree with Connecticut teachers - guns don't belong in our classrooms. … We already ask so much of our teachers. When will we finally have the political courage to do something to help them in the face of school shootings? … Your regular reminder that the future of health care is on the ballot this November. Care and treatment for millions of Americans hangs in the balance. … 1. Well said. We are all guilty of falling into this trap & we should take responsibility for fixing. It’s become a toxic cycle - media covering politics as sport and politicians happily feeding material.  2. None of that explains or justifies Donald Trump’s outrageous behavior. … I’m not making it up. See below. $500 billion of Medicare cuts to pay for their corporate tax cuts. Massive, massive transfer of wealth from seniors to corporations. … I don’t know what this means.   What I do know is that Republicans are panicking bc voters found out they are pushing a budget that slashes Medicare by $500 BILLION to pay for tax cuts for millionaires and corporations. … Talking points went out to GOP this week to trash Dems on Medicare bc voters have caught onto their game. And they’re freaking out.  They passed a $1.5 trillion tax cut for their corporate friends and are now proposing $500 billion in Medicare cuts to pay for it. … Had a great time at the North Haven Fair tonight!pic.twitter.com/wBpKSAofoe Met Melissa while door knocking w Vicki Nardello and Wendy Tyson Wood in Waterbury. Melissa pays $400 every 3 months out of pocket for her kids’ inhalers. She doesn’t understand why Congress keeps padding the profits of the drug industry. Neither do I.pic.twitter.com/OsnSZhhqkk The stakes for women's health care have never been higher - anyone watching Brett Kavanaugh's testimony would agree. Now is the time for us to fight back stronger than ever. I'm proud to have the support of @NARAL Pro-Choice Connecticut in that fight.pic.twitter.com/dxxUQqxZwg This week has made it abundantly clear that women's reproductive health is under attack. I'm proud to stand with @ProChoiceCT and I'm going to do all that I can to fight back.pic.twitter.com/c79twMDHTe Stopped by @wesleyan_u in Middletown for a convo with @MattLesser, health care advocates and patients about #WhatsAtStake when it comes to health care and the courts.pic.twitter.com/dBNi4zA0B4 @ChrisMurphyCT with several education advocacy groups calling on Betsy DeVos to stop federal funding from being used to arm teachers.pic.twitter.com/Fmc6uRln4W Standing with Connecticut educators in Hartford today to demand that Betsy DeVos abandon her plans to use federal funds to arm teachers. Parents, teachers and local police all tell me that guns have no place in our classrooms.pic.twitter.com/6wCzVk0VPm 1.5 million people in Connecticut have a pre-existing condition. Nearly every one of us knows someone who has had cancer, or high blood pressure, or asthma. If these protections are taken away, it's going to hurt all of us. Started the day at Optimus Health Care in Stamford with @KevinLembo, @WilliamTongCT and @CSimmonsCT to talk with providers and patients about what it would mean for Connecticut if protections for people with pre-existing conditions are overturnedpic.twitter.com/t5Ai5xlyRb Kavanaugh was chosen for the explicit purpose of putting government in charge of women’s bodies.   And his parroting of bogus right wing talking points - conflating birth control with “abortion inducing drugs” - is 100% confirmation of this. Shaping up to be a busy Friday in Connecticut - I've got stops in Stamford, Hartford, Middletown, New Haven, North Haven, Waterbury and Cheshire today. Hey Rick, this year’s Republican budget proposes cutting $500 billion   - $500 BILLION - from Medicare. I didn’t make that up. That’s your party’s actual proposal.   Just a heads up bc it seems you didn’t know. … Today, loyalty to the gun industry matters more to Congress than kids’ lives. Plain and simple.   Let’s change that this November. … You can't vote to take health care away from 30 million people and say you support people with pre-existing conditions.   You can't sue the government to dismantle the ACA and say you support people with pre-existing conditions. … This is interesting and I'm not sure I've seen any bill like it, where the stated intent is specifically to increase diversity in schools. @ChrisMurphyCT and @RepMarciaFudge introduce Strength in Diversity Act, which would give $120M to communities to increase diversity.pic.twitter.com/xYjDR0ZgyP Proud of my friend. … .@neeratanden: “democracies should not isolate themselves in the face of profound authoritarian challenges - they must come together to secure democracy.” @ChrisMurphyCT starting now.  Watch here: … Storms ripped through communities across the state this May and I'm going to keep fighting alongside my colleagues to make sure Connecticut towns get the help they need cover repairs and clean up. … .@BenSasse on the NYT op-ed: “I’m still processing it. It’s just so similar to what so many of us hear from senior people around the White House, you know, three times a week. So it’s really troubling, and yet in a way, not surprising.” … Senators, we’ve pre-written your tweet for the day: “I’m standing up to racism and xenophobia by co-sponsoring @ChrisMurphyCT and @SenFeinstein’s bill to #RepealTheBan today.   #NoMuslimBanEverpic.twitter.com/6w3JnOgPAW First thing my wife said to me when I got home. Lesson is that I should stop trying to use big words. … The Trump Administration is not Vichy France, but history renders consistent judgment on those that collaborate with regimes they judge to be immoral in order to justify a paycheck and fancy job title. … I like this guy! … Oral arguments starting in a case meant to overturn protections for people with pre-existing conditions.   SCOTUS hearing for a man who could be the deciding vote to gut the ACA.   Health care hangs in the balance this week and it's up to all of us to fight for it. Calling all high school and college students - we’re looking for #FightBackCT GOTV Fellows to help us get out the vote and win in November! Visit   by Sept. 8th to get started.pic.twitter.com/KhpzHzaTUe Sen. Marco Rubio describes being heckled by Alex Jones outside Senate hearing room this morning: "I see some scrubby guy walk up to me, step to me, acting all crazy. I didn't know who he was. I know the name, I know all the crazy stuff, I just don't know what he looks like." My heart goes out to Sgt. Mainieri's family and his friends, neighbors and fellow officers in South Windsor as they mourn this tragic loss. … This is BANANAS. This construction of the 2nd Amendment would give every weapon constitutional protection if it has a tiny window of legality.  Want to make machine guns permanently constitutionally protected? Legalize them and get the gun industry to give a couple thousand away. … Here’s an example of Kavanaugh admitting that his political read of events colors his view of how he interprets the Constitution. … This kind of pablum makes me gag. The idea that judges - liberal and conservative - don’t bring political ideologies and belief systems into the court is nonsense and Kavanaugh knows this. … Why do we need the Global Engagement Center? Because wars aren't just fought by combatants on the ground. The battlefield is online and we are not fighting back. … .@SenRobPortman and I worked together to expand the Global Engagement Center to combat adversaries trying to infiltrate elections and weaken democracies. Yet the GEC still hasn't gotten the money it needs to carry out its mission. … "Just had a good meeting with Judge Garland. ... I told him that I believe that the [Justice Antonin] Scalia vacancy should be filled by the next president” — Lindsey Graham 4/20/16 … This is so meta. … Listening is the most important part of my job. That's why I walk across CT, knock doors and host town halls. So I can meet people where they are and listen to what they care about. It's why I loved this @CTMirror piece from Christine Palm. … When it comes to Brett Kavanaugh women's rights are at stake. Voting rights. Health care for 130 million people. Campaign finance. Gun violence. LGBTQ rights.   There is no issue that the court can't touch. That's why this matters so much. Yup. … Richard Blumenthal tries to stop SCOTUS confirmation of #BrettKavanaugh until Democrats get documents on nominee  … #ctpolitics #senate It really takes guts to tell Democrats on the Judiciary Committee to observe “regular order” when you just handed them 42,000 pages of documents the night before, and are still keeping hundreds of thousands more hidden.   This is a travesty. Keep fighting, Dems. It's insane that it takes longer to commute from CT to NYC on the train than it did 60 years ago. I'm fighting hard for the funding we need to upgrade our infrastructure. … Had a great time at the annual Newtown Labor Day Parade with Cathy and the boys. Thanks to everyone braved the heat and all the volunteers who made it possible.pic.twitter.com/eCDnI3qcoC We're hiring organizers! Want to join our team and help elect CT Democrats this November? Apply now at  pic.twitter.com/70mjNS3iLB Trump is arguing here that the attorney general should have politicized the Justice Department by timing federal investigations to benefit Republicans in midterm elections … The best strategy for job creation is to pay a decent living wage to every worker in America. Jobs don’t magically appear. They respond to consumer demand, and good wages create demand. That’s what I’m thinking about on Labor Day. Young people saw Congress fail to act after Sandy Hook. And Las Vegas. And Parkland. As Washington does nothing in the face of daily gun violence in our cities.  They know that if we want to change our gun laws, we need to change Congress. … And as the top Democrat on the committee that writes the budget for the legislative branch, I’ve been working all summer w @VanHollenForMD and @brianschatz to include funding to pay all Senate interns. Currently in conference committee, but we’re close. … Nearly 1 in 4 people in the Hartford area have a pre-existing condition. If Trump and Republicans succeed in gutting the Affordable Care Act through sabotage and court cases, their health care is going to be in jeopardy. … @ChrisMurphyCT joined us this morning to talk about the ongoing crisis in Yemen, which the @UN calls one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world.pic.twitter.com/tFfpOLjqKe Can't wait to march in the annual Newtown Labor Day Parade tomorrow. Hope to see you there!  Want to march with me? RSVP at  …pic.twitter.com/xGPh29pE02 That was so beautiful. So inspiring.  My sadness for John was coupled by the sensation that for two hours, I was in a different country, where big, not petty things matter, and where patriotism triumphs over party.   I want that world back, and pledge to be better. Stopped by the station 10 Firehouse in Waterbury and hear from firefighters and first responders who put their lives on the line to keep our community safe. I'm proud to receive the endorsement of @upffa today.pic.twitter.com/bR1I2Yy3YG If your goal is simply to punish Palestinians for the crimes of their leaders, this is a step forward.   If your goal is peace in the region, this is a step backward.   I’m for peace. … “We Tried to Take Health Insurance Away From 30 Million Americans and If You Vote for Republicans We Will Try To Do It Again!” is a slogan I’m cool with. … Visited @CCAR4Recovery in Willimantic for a training on how to administer Narcan during an overdose. Afterward, I talked with staff and people in recovery about what they want to see me doing in Washington to help address the opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/lscqDRJiZX Today is International Overdose Awareness Day and unfortunately, addiction and overdoses are something far too many Connecticut families have experienced firsthand. I'm working in Washington to pass legislation to help people get treatment and start on a path to recovery. Tonight, @uconnband paid tribute to Parkland shooting victim — and aspiring Husky — Alex Schachter.  Alex’s family has started a UConn scholarship in his memory. If you would like to make a gift In honor of him, text UCMB to 41444.  #HuskiesForeverpic.twitter.com/EYnrRAvu6x I'm live on Facebook now talking about health care, the upcoming Supreme Court nomination hearing and taking your questions. Watch here:  … No better way to kick off #LaborDay weekend than with the hardworking men and women of @ConnAFLCIO. #Labor2018 … I'll be on Facebook Live in 30 minutes answering your questions. Have something you want to ask me? Watch live at 10 AM at   Congrats to @PatientWisdom, my Murphy Innovator of the Month for August! From their HQ in New Haven, @PatientWisdom is using digital tools to help improve communication between providers and the communities they serve. Today, I sat down with @JulieKushner18 to talk about how paid family and medical leave would help families in Connecticutpic.twitter.com/mxiSN1kPjI You shouldn’t have to choose between caring for a loved one or paying the bills, but unfortunately, it’s a choice too many workers in Connecticut face because they don’t have access to paid family and medical leave. I'm hopping on Facebook Live tomorrow at 10am ET to talk health care, Supreme Court hearings and whatever else you want to discuss. Have a question? Tweet me your Qs and I'll answer a few of them live tomorrow.pic.twitter.com/W21o4WNO2L But we can afford a $1.5 trillion tax cut for corporations and millionaires? Got it. … Next week, arguments begin on a case in Texas that could strip away protections for 1.5 million people in Connecticut who have pre-existing conditions. I stopped by @CHCConnecticut to talk with patients, doctors, and advocates about what’s at stake.pic.twitter.com/G0iE3pocyR Excited to walk in the Newtown Labor Day Parade this weekend! Want to come and walk with me? RSVP at   …pic.twitter.com/JcxLDJfw5g Trump seems to deny firing McGahn and confirm firing McGahn within the space of a few tweets. First, he refers to it as the "so called 'pushing out' of Don McGahn," implying it was really a voluntary resignation, then he calls it "my decision on Don McGahn," implying it wasn't. I think this is a big deal.   Earlier this month, John McCain and I sent a letter to Romania’s government pushing them to stand up to corruption. Then, Giuliani - Trump’s spokesman - sent a letter contradicting both our letter and the State Dept position. And he got paid for it. … Hear me out: kids in cages and Latino Americans being denied passports are not a separate story from Trump’s move to fire Mueller.  He is trying to rally and consolidate his hard base to force Republicans’ silence when he shuts it all down.   Democracy hanging in the balance. Guns don't belong in our classrooms. Full stop. … CT Dems are working hard and we're ready to win in November. Want to help us do it? Visit   to get started. … I've been working closely with @SenGillibrand and all of our CT & NY colleagues to make sure that we preserve Plum Island. … Why do I walk across Connecticut every summer?   To hear from everyone in our state - including the people who might never call my office or write me a letter.   I want them to know that they have a Senator who listens and who is fighting for them in Washington.pic.twitter.com/alVgnr05uB Get to know Andrew Gillum here. Then go to to   and help him out with a small donation. Stakes are super high in Florida this year. … My first ad of the campaign hits airwaves tomorrow, but I wanted to give you a chance to see it before anyone else.   Make no mistake, this campaign wouldn't be possible without you.   Watch and share now  … 1) JD Martinez is the best thing that’s happened to my Sox in a long time. Love him no matter what.  2) Athletes should be able to talk politics anytime.  3) But doubling down & comparing Americans who want stricter gun laws to Hitler AND Castro is maybe not the way to go here. … One hour until you can see a sneak peek of our first ad of the campaign.   9pm ET on Instagram  pic.twitter.com/UDjOR1Hrws This campaign has always been powered by people online - clicking, retweeting, donating and sharing your ideas.   So I want to make sure you see our first campaign ad before anyone else.   Check it out tonight at 9pm on Instagram  pic.twitter.com/RP56Cq2n2R These Newtown students have found their voices, they're taking action, and they are ready to lead. … This entire campaign is supported by people giving what they can - their time, small donations, and (most importantly) their feedback.   So I wanted to give you a chance to see our first campaign ad before anyone else.   Tonight. 9pm. On Instagram  pic.twitter.com/YqwoLCWVA3 Please join Senator @ChrisMurphyCT and former Secretary @Madeleine Albright on September 6 @AmProg for a discussion of U.S. support for democracy around the world and the importance of democratic values in foreign policy.  #DefendDiplomacy #HumanRights … Five reasons why you should watch UConn football this year.  … via @adimeback There it is.  WAR CRIMES.  Funded and facilitated by the United States.  If we don't end our participation in the Yemen civil war now, what on earth will it take? … Our bipartisan Mental Health Reform Act became law in 2016. We're seeing results in Connecticut where $10 million in new grants will help integrate mental health and primary care. … A new Republican bill is supposed to protect people with pre-existing conditions, but insurance companies can still deny care for those conditions. So if you're a cancer patient, you can't get coverage for cancer treatment. How is that a solution? … 72 hours in America. 85 people dead because of gun violence. … Welcome back @UConn students! #GoHuskies … Over the past few years, I've highlighted more than 150 Connecticut companies as a Murphy's Monday Manufacturer. I'm committed to helping support these Connecticut businesses and training people for manufacturing jobs in our state. … My god. … McCain on Trump: “I called him the week after the election to congratulate him. He kept on saying ‘You didn’t support me.’ I said, ‘That’s right.... After what you said about Dr. Khan, a Gold Star father, no way I could ever support you.’” … America has seen 31 mass shootings in the 26 days of August, bringing this year's total to 234.  Jan: 22 mass shootings Feb: 14 mass shootings Mar: 17 mass shootings Apr: 25 mass shootings May: 28 mass shootings Jun: 51 mass shootings Jul: 46 mass shootings Aug: 31 mass shootings Congrats to @CHCConnecticut on being recognized nationally by @HRSAgov and bringing home a big grant to CT to help even more people quality health care that they can afford. 2/ When it was time for questions, Diane Feinstein asked John if he could still recall, 40 years later, how the system worked. He didn’t say a word. He just started a rythmic, staccato tapping on the podium. “I just tapped out ‘Yes, Diane, I still can”, he whispered into the mic. A quick McCain story: 1/ A few years ago, the whole Senate gathered to hear John tell, in spellbinding detail, his POW story. I remember he described how he developed a system of tapping out letters on the cell walls to talk to nearby POWs, bc they would be beaten if they spoke. How lucky us chosen few were to count John McCain as a friend or a colleague or a mentor. How lucky America was to have him as as our inspiration, our rock. A masterclass in life, leadership and patriotism. I miss him already.pic.twitter.com/29OLbaN2QH Makes me so sad our politics are somewhere different now.  Even sadder that John won't be here to help rescue us. … Calling all high school and college students - we’re looking for #FightBackCT GOTV Fellows to help us get out the vote and win in November! Visit   by Sept. 8th to get started.pic.twitter.com/PCLnM899JG This bears repeating: Trump’s tax bill raised taxes on Connecticut families by $10 billion. $10 BILLION. … In the 2000 South Carolina primary, John McCain fudged his position on the confederate flag. It ate him up inside - he hadn't told the truth. So he came back to the state after he lost, and gave a simply remarkable speech. To know John, watch this clip:   … Heading back to school? Moving into a new res hall? Voters your age will make the difference for @CTDems this year.  Join our #FightBackCT team and help mobilize other students this November as part of our GOTV Fellowship! Email fellowship@ctdems.org by 9/8 to get started.pic.twitter.com/vaQVNVy26M “The world is a fine place and worth the fighting for and I hate very much to leave it,” spoke my hero, Robert Jordan, in For Whom the Bell Tolls. And I do, too. I hate to leave it. But I don’t have a complaint” -The Restless Wave  By John McCain & Mark Salter Pompeo was forced to try to make lemonade out of rotted, decaying lemons - this isn’t all his fault - but the last few months of North Korea policy have been a bumbling, embarrassing setback for American interests. … Visited Spectrum Machine & Design in Windsor Locks to talk with employees about how I'm working to boost manufacturing jobs in our state. A big thank you to owners Connie and Gary for hosting me!pic.twitter.com/2jalOCNRjJ John McCain took me under his wing when I got the Senate, dragged me around the world, and taught me how to honorably and proudly represent America abroad. On each trip, I felt so lucky to be participating in history. … Thank you, Maddy! Environmental issues were what first got me interested in politics and we need more young people like you to raise their voices and speak truth to power. … Simple - go work for a candidate who will tip the balance in Congress.  The election is 74 days away. If Democrats don’t win, Trump is emboldened, Sessions and Mueller are gone. We slide closer to a banana republic. … US Senator tried again to get a debate going over US role in Yemen. Some folks just don't want that discussion, much less a vote. … Seems to be 2 storylines emerging this week:  1. Trump getting more serious about firing Sessions/Mueller, turning DOJ into the law enforcement arm for his political grudges.   2. Congressional Republicans getting more serious about letting him get away with it. … .@ChrisMurphyCT has introduced an amendment to block the U.S. Department of Education from allowing school districts to use federal funds to arm teachers.  .@ChrisMurphyCT says on Senate floor that DeVos allowing schools to buy guns with federal money would be “in direct contravention of federal law” -- says his amendment would “reiterate the policy of this Congress”.  This morning we found out Betsy DeVos is trying to use federal funds to arm teachers. I just introduced emergency legislation to stop her.  Add your name now to tell Betsy DeVos: No guns in our classrooms   … Spread the word -   The Dept of Ed funding bill is on the floor right now and I’m introducing a last minute emergency amendment today to stop Devos’s plan to arm teachers.   My lord - we can’t let this happen. As you walk your kid to school today, think about what you will do between now and Election Day to vote out every single Congressperson who supports this insane idea.   Whether she gets away with this is in our hands.  November is coming. … Air Force Technical Sergeant John Chapman fought valiantly and ultimately gave his life to protect his brothers-in-arms. He is unequivocally deserving of the Medal of Honor. I was proud to be at the White House today when his family accepted on his behalf. … Glad to see towns in Connecticut will receive federal aid to help with cleanup for the devastating storms that hit back in May. We pushed hard along with the state and local leaders for this funding and it will go a long way to help. … The Republicans objected.   It’s just unthinkable to me that we continue to willingly participate in the slaughter of Yemeni kids when there is zero benefit to U.S. security. Mind blowing really. … I know - a lot going on today.   But I’m heading to Senate floor right now to call up my amendment to cut off funds for Yemen bombing campaign until we know why we are hitting civilian targets (like the school bus last week).   Stay tuned if Republicans object. This makes it much easier to understand why Americans have such divergent views of what is actually happening. … Note to Republicans: it is possible that the President did some really illegal things that have nothing to do with Russia.   He may have also done some really awful things with Russia.   Either and both matter. A lot. … Unsolicited advice: tonight, take a break from catching up on the growing corruption scandal and read this piece on how the U.S. is helping to weaponize suffering in Yemen. Really important read. … This is all getting really, really serious. It isn’t about politics or point scoring. It’s about the future of the American presidency. Protecting this institution is more important than protecting your political party. Worth a watch.   America has two foreign policies these days - what the President says (and tweets) and what the people working for the President do.  That's really dangerous, but even more dangerous is to pretend it isn't happening. … Make no mistake - when we talk about putting Judge Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court, reproductive health care, LGBTQ rights, voting rights and more are on the line. #WhatsAtStake … The Tester hard foul on Booker is one my favorite Senate moments. … As a tell of how sincere this proclamation is or is being taken, just watch how many anti-abortion Senators or even anti-abortion outside groups put out statements of concern on Kavanaugh now. The answer will be, approximately, zero. … Great look behind the scenes aboard the @USCG cutter Juniper with two recent @USCGAcademy grads … Thanks for the support @FCNL. It’s a simple idea - the Saudis stop targeting school buses or we stop supporting them. Who is against that? … More people are deciding to start farms in Connecticut. I want to make sure these new farmers have the support they need to succeed. … After having their lives forever altered by gun violence, these young people are fighting for change. … Sen. Murphy amendment cuts off funds for war in Yemen until Pentagon certifies Saud-led coalition is not violating international law & US policy:  … Proud to secure new funding to help make improvements to the Cross-Sound Ferry.  … When I talk about fighting to protect health care for people with pre-existing conditions, people like Elena and her daughter Xiomara are exactly who I'm fighting for. #WhatsAtStake … One of the principal signs Americans views on guns have changed in a big way - today voters support banning assault weapons by a...wait for...2-1 margin. … This is who the tax cut was designed for. The mega wealthy and the corporations. When fully implemented, 80% of the tax cut goes to the top 1% of taxpayers.   The good news? You can do something about it in 79 days. … Thanks to everyone who came out to Kent for today's town hall! Great questions on immigration, the environment, mental health and more.pic.twitter.com/5qxwHkSDSR Lots of volunteers here in Cheshire who are ready to knock on doors and talk to voters! Want to join a volunteer event in your area? Check out  pic.twitter.com/RtVOEhvIrT Great rally this morning in Hartford with @NedLamont and @CTDems! We're ready to work hard and win in November.pic.twitter.com/xWis9tZjbZ I edited this piece. It had nothing to do with Brennan, who was at the CIA at the time.  These complaints were about the handling of U.S. Central Command, a military branch. Totally different part of the government.   Try harder. … Claiming the Sandy Hook parents faked the deaths of their 6 year old children isn’t Republican/Democrat or Conservaive/Liberal. It’s Right/Wrong. No matter how hard you try, that distinction still exists. … Heading to Kent today at 3pm for a town hall meeting. Looking forward to answering your questions and hearing your feedback.pic.twitter.com/pTfiNS68At There is so much at stake in this election. Please join me and @ChrisMurphyCT on Saturday at the Unity Rally. Together, we'll fight for the Connecticut we believe in.pic.twitter.com/auO0xRtiMX Hosting a town hall meeting this Saturday at 3pm in Kent.  Hope to see you there!pic.twitter.com/ln2qNybozo Joined @jahimes to talk with doctors and health care providers in Norwalk about how we're working in Washington to fight back against the Trump administration's efforts to sabotage our health care system.pic.twitter.com/Sr1gt7RHX0 4/ Either the Pentagon should be 100% certain that US weapons and funding aren’t being used to commit war crimes in Yemen, or we should cut off our support right now. 3/ Today, I introduced an amendment that would cut off US funding for the Saudi war in Yemen until the Secretary of Defense certifies the coalition's air campaign isn't violating international law or our own military’s policies of protecting civilians. 2/ On Monday, Trump said he would disregard Congressional restrictions in the defense bill that would have required him to better track and reduce civilian casualties in the US-supported war in Yemen. 1/ Last week the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen bombed a school bus, killing 44 innocent kids. And they did it with U.S. supplied bombs, intelligence support and mid-air refueling. … Want to join me to knock on doors and talk to voters in Cheshire this Saturday? Whether you’re a first-timer or a campaign veteran, all are welcome. RSVP at   …pic.twitter.com/8Fvaz1wDee After this week's string of K2 overdoses in New Haven, @NedLamont and I sat down with folks at @FairHavenCHC to discuss potential solutions to help curb drug overdoses.pic.twitter.com/5yU9ize2yx So I generally choose not to hang on every twist of the Mueller investigation, but if Trump pardons Manafort (after maybe having  promised a pardon to get him not to cooperate) and gets away with it, then we’re in a banana republic. We just are. Stopped by A-1 Machining in New Britain with @JahanaHayesCT to talk with workers about how we can continue to create new manufacturing jobs in our state.pic.twitter.com/MAXYPn9aGf Join me, @NedLamont and #FightBackCT for a rally this Saturday to officially kick off the 2018 general election. Hope to see you there! RSVP at   …pic.twitter.com/DFo5NbHBg8 Meet the amazing @JahanaHayesCT. This great Democratic candidate is on her way to becoming the state’s first black woman to serve in Congress — and we are ready to put in the work to help her win big in November. Join us     It takes real courage to speak out for change after losing a loved one to gun violence. Take a minute today to read @NatalieBarden's piece in @TeenVogue on why she's fighting to honor her brother Daniel and prevent future shootings. … 3/ Protections for 130 million people with pre-existing conditions are #WhatsAtStake in the fight for the Supreme Court and for control of Washington in November. 2/ We can't go back to the days when one trip the hospital means a lifetime of debt. We can't go back to when insurance companies can slam the door in your face if you get cancer. We can't go back to lifetime caps on the amount of health care your kid gets. 1/ Today, I heard from people with pre-existing conditions whose lives would be devastated if we went back to the days when insurance companies could deny them care. Not California- Connecticut! @RachelFrank_CTpic.twitter.com/KB0SYKRh4H ELON, MY MAN, JUST BUILD A SUBWAY  WHAT YOU WANT IS A SUBWAY  HOW CAN YOU NOT SEE THAT THIS IS A SUBWAY, BUT WITH ROLLER SKATES FOR SOME REASONpic.twitter.com/LRJSV0rk2k In Connecticut and across the country journalists are doing the hard work of bringing truth to light. Don't let the president, or anyone else, try to make you believe otherwise. … Great to see Connecticut companies like @UTC in Windsor Locks helping women re-enter the workforce after taking time to be with their families. … This is such an inspiring story.  Good for @JahanaHayesCT! … President Trump and Betsy DeVos are doing everything they can to make it easier for scam schools to defraud students and reap the profits. This has got to stop. … Scary situation in New Haven. Grateful for the police and first responders at the scene, but this is yet another indicator that we need better resources for drug treatment, prevention and enforcement. … In just under a month lawyers from the Trump administration will argue that 130 million people with pre-existing conditions should have their protections stripped away and that insurance companies should be able to deny them care. … Public housing kid.  Teenage mom.  National Teacher of the Year.  @JahanaHayesCT is one of the most exciting candidates of 2018, and won an upset primary victory last night for my old seat in Congress.  Let's raise her a bunch of money today. … Really couldn’t ask for anything better to kick off the general election. … Ned Lamont: 171,658 votes  All 5 GOP candidates combined: 142,890 votes Who is Jahana Hayes? … Tonight we celebrate, but tomorrow we get to work. Are you ready to help us win in November? Sign up to take action at  pic.twitter.com/runo6HcfV7 So happy for you, @JahanaHayesCT. You’re a breath of fresh air and you’re going to be a game changer for Connecticut in Congress. Can’t wait to campaign with you all over the 5th! … Congrats to my friend @NedLamont. He is going to fight like hell for every person in Connecticut and I’m ready to stand side by side with him this fall. RT if you voted in today's Connecticut Primary! Haven't voted yet? You still have a few hours until the polls close at 8pm.pic.twitter.com/5tzNV4u3Qm Not sure where you're supposed to vote for today's Connecticut primaries? Find your polling place at  . Then get out there and cast your vote! Polls are open until 8pm It's Primary Day in Connecticut! Are you ready to vote? Polls are open from 6am to 8pm so get out there and make your voice heard.pic.twitter.com/n1JzDfDEmf Protections for 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions are on the line this November. We need to vote like our health care depends on it. … “If we are too young to speak of change and reformation within our community, then I was too young to lose friends to a bullet.” - Bria Smith  These students are a force to be reckoned with and they are ready to change their communities. #RoadToChange … Great visit to Scott's Farm in Deep River today to talk about the Farm Bill and get feedback on how I can fight for CT farmers in Washington.pic.twitter.com/ESaccs7Olh .@ChrisMurphyCT joined us at our New London site to kick off #NHCW18, talking to CHC employees & patients about the road map of health care, prescription drug prices, and increasing access to care.pic.twitter.com/FxMmdILQbV Yesterday I had the chance to talk with Joshua, Tianna and students from HCTC Youth Leadership Academy in Hartford. I hope you'll take a minute to listen to Joshua on @WhereWeLive and hear their ideas for how we can prevent gun violence in our communities. … The Senate passed two amendments to aid homeowners with failing foundations. Similar legislation made it through the House in July.  If we want to change our gun laws, we need to change Congress. Make sure you're registered to vote at … Thousands turn out for #MarchForOurLives rally in Newtown. “We can’t change the world if we don’t change ourselves” says Tianna.pic.twitter.com/joyprZVftC This summer has be one filled with laughter, tears, expanded minds and full hearts.  Join us at our last #RoadToChange stop in Newtown.pic.twitter.com/XpImq9Fnez I'll be in Newtown with @AMarch4OurLives students this Sunday for the last stop on their #RoadToChange tour. RSVP to join us … Let’s accept this premise, that power of one’s argument is equal to the freak out of the those opposed to the argument. If true, then the right is way more afraid of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s ideas than the left is of this guy’s. … Great to see the Eastern CT Manufacturing Pipeline initiative expanding with a new American Job Center in Montville. Since the program started two years ago, they've placed 1,000 people in new jobs. … So many variables to consider in this hair trigger escalation with Turkey. (1) U.S. troops at risk in Syria if U.S./Turkey relationship blows up; (2) If Erdogan goes down unexpectedly, chaos in Turkey is catastrophic for region; (3) Could push another NATO ally closer to Russia. Final information issued by Sa’ada authorities. Out of a total number of 130 victims, 51 dead, including 40 children, and 79 injured out of which 56 are children. The numbers speak for themselves. The NRA spent millions to help elect Donald Trump. By appointing Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, he's finally paying them back. … Not sure anyone in Congress has been more sharply critical of US support for the Saudi campaign in Yemen.... … More than 10,000 people have been killed in 3 years of Yemen's war, according to the UN.  A Saudi blockade has contributed to starvation & disease;  the Saudi-led bombing campaign, carried out with US support, has hit schools & weddings, the UN says  pic.twitter.com/qFZGtNhkOO Trump Administration says we need to be in Saudi bombing coalition to limit Yemeni civilian casualties. But THE EXACT OPPOSITE IS HAPPENING. UN says 1/3 of all strikes are hitting civilians. ONE THIRD. You don’t do that by accident. And if you aren’t registered or if you are unaffiliated and want to vote in a party primary, register at   by 11:59pm TONIGHT! … U.S. bombs. U.S. targeting. U.S. mid air support.  And we just bombed a SCHOOL BUS.   The Saudi/UAE/U.S. bombing campaign is getting more reckless, killing more civilians, and strengthening terrorists inside Yemen. We need to end this - NOW. … Connecticut fair season kicks off this weekend in Lebanon. Here's everything you need to know about fairs happening across the state this summer and fall. … Connecticut Primaries are coming up on Tuesday, 8/14. Want to make sure you're registered and find you polling place? Visit   There's no better way to celebrate summer than with delicious, homemade Connecticut ice cream. … 1. Uh, POTUS is engaged in a DAILY bullying campaign to try to censor the press.  2. The "slippery slope" argument is right wing tripe. No company is compelled to smear the reputations of dead kids' parents, and no elected official (even Democrats) are required to stand idly by. … The USS Nautilus paved the way for submarine operations in the Arctic. I had the opportunity to observe our Navy's legacy in the Arctic aboard the USS Hartford in 2016. Our nation's sailors continue to shoulder incredible challenges to keep us safe. … Private companies deciding not to let their platforms be used to spread hate and lies is not the same as government censorship. If it feels the same, then we need to ask why a small handful of companies have so much control over the content Americans see. Allowing more guns in more places isn't making us safer. It's doing the opposite. … Infowars is the tip of a giant iceberg of hate and lies that uses sites like Facebook and YouTube to tear our nation apart. These companies must do more than take down one website. The survival of our democracy depends on it. I know Facebook and Apple and YouTube have gotten so big they sometimes seem like the government.   But they aren’t.   They are private companies that shouldn’t knowingly spread lies and hate. They took a good first step today by removing Infowars. This November, vote like our health care depends on it. … Trump's plan to roll back auto emissions standards is bad for the environment and bad for Connecticut. … Seriously, what the hell are we still doing backing the Saudis/UAE in this unmitigated debacle?? … Remember, the deal w the new Saudi  regime is you’re supposed to look the other way while they destabilize the region w U.S. weapons because they are so progressive on domestic reform. … Nope. No other candidates do this. You know why? Because it’s illegal. You can’t knowingly coordinate w foreign governments to try to win an election. Plain and simple. … November is coming. … My family has been coming to Old Lyme in the summer for 45 years and it hasn’t changed (that’s a great thing). Trying to grab the brass ring (free ride!) on the carousel and Vechitto’s Italian ice.pic.twitter.com/Yr48SqgzLM We know Russia is targeting our midterm elections. But this week, Republicans blocked funding that would beef up our election security. … Good to know Trump now allows the Kremlin to be a vendor at his rallies. Magnanimous! … What would having Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court mean for gun laws? It's not good. … Your weekend reminder that Trump inherited a strong economy from Obama and made it worse.   Facts are facts. Job growth has been slower than during last 18 month of Obama. Wage growth is much lower. Don't send money......thoughts and prayers should suffice. … But we stopped our military exercises and halted momentum of international sanctions. What a flabbergasting unmitigated disaster. … pic.twitter.com/YEU2DcLVqq You gotta check this place out. Dinner w Cathy and and the boys tonight at @brewportct in Bridgeport.pic.twitter.com/9QTCLeifXR Happy National Watermelon day! In honor of summer’s best fruit, get out there and see if they’re serving watermelon at a #ctsummermeals site near you! Call 211 toll-free, text “ctmeals” to 877-877, or go online to  pic.twitter.com/1DqNJnx01y It’s like Merrick Garland is a fictional fairy tale character that doesn’t exist in real life for my Republican colleagues. … Also Ryan Lochte and the mom from Family Matters (Jo Marie Payton)!  Happy birthday, John! … Spoiler alert: the plan is "don't get sick" … Allowing more guns in more places isn't making us safer. It's doing the opposite. … If Trump & Congressional Republicans had left the ACA alone, new analysis shows premiums would actually be going DOWN this year.  Instead, their deliberate sabotage attempts led to double-digit premium increases for lots of people. … If we want to change our gun laws, we need to change Congress. Young voters are ready to do both. … With new arrests, it's clear Mohammad Bin Salman is systematically targeting advocates for democracy and women's rights, undermining hopes that he would champion real reforms. … Do you have #DACA, or have you had DACA in the past? USCIS is currently accepting renewal applications but there is ongoing litigation in the courts. Visit #InformedImmigrant for a step-by-step DACA renewal guide, and check out our video with @FWDus!   … ↓pic.twitter.com/K9k3l0tYPn Proud to secure grants to help our fire departments in Danbury, New Milford and Mansfield purchase new firetrucks. … Watch this. … Good news for Connecticut - the funding bill we passed today includes two of our amendments to help families with crumbling foundations. Oh my. … Junk plans are cheap - until you get sick and find out they don't cover basics like prescription drugs.   Thanks to Trump, people with skimpy plans will get left with big medical bills and the rest of us will end up paying more. … As the Trump admin considers cutting the refugee program to its lowest levels ever, Fatima's story is a reminder of how welcoming refugees makes our communities better.  Last day of school 1976 … Young people are registering to vote in record numbers and they're ready to make their voices heard this November. … Sgt. Chapman, who was raised in Windsor Locks, gave his life for our country and fought with unbelievable courage until the very end. He is incredibly deserving of this honor. … Exciting new partnership between @UConn, @UNewHaven and @trinitycollege will help bring budding entrepreneurs to Connecticut and encourage startups in our state. … I'm fighting hard for funding to improve Connecticut rail, making our trains fast, safer and more reliable. … In states like Connecticut that expanded Medicaid, more people were able to get the health care they need to live and work. … Amazing how proud he is to advertise that the NRA calls all the shots.   Stakes are clear this November. If you want the gun lobby in charge of gun policy, vote Republican. If you want to do something about violence in America, vote em out. … "Corporate America’s actions suggest that most of the benefits of the corporate tax cut will flow to investors in general and top corporate executives in particular.” … Had a great visit to @SquashHaven today to hear from New Haven students who are participating in the program.pic.twitter.com/ynKFHtIhZQ Talked with seniors, doctors and advocates at the Cheshire Senior Center this morning about how I'm working in Washington to fight back against Republican attacks on health care that are driving up premiums.pic.twitter.com/WdeCnjeisK Had breakfast with our interns this morning to thank them for all of their hard work this summer!pic.twitter.com/PhbzdZsz5t This means that all the GDP growth is accruing to corporations, weatlthy shareholders, and the mega rich. Not workers.   Like we said. … Republicans gave corporations a giant tax cut and said the benefits would trickle down to workers.   Instead, companies took the money and put it back into the pockets of investors and executives. … Had a great time at the St. Ann's Italian Festival in @Norwalk_CT with Mayor Rilling!pic.twitter.com/4QvgaNEIE5 Great canvas kick-off in Trumbull with @AshleyGaudiano and @SujataForCT! Everyone is fired up to knock on doors and turn out voters. #FightBackCT100pic.twitter.com/Ka1ZZyEzsG (@PeteAbe)pic.twitter.com/uTT0M2L8AC In Westport with @WillHaskellCT, @StephanieforCT, Rep. Jonathan Steinberg and lots of volunteers ready to elect Democrats up and down the ballot this November!pic.twitter.com/fNpsL93Qfn If you need a smile today. … cc my colleague @SenatorBurr (though is seriously doubt he is on twitter). This is from bucolic north Fairfield.pic.twitter.com/G4e8BMTe7x Excited to be at the opening of the Back to School Shop in Stamford, which makes sure local kids in need have supplies and clothes for the new school year. Thanks to all the staff and volunteers who make this possible!pic.twitter.com/LGWduq7KTp Pro tip on who’s responsible if government shuts down this fall:   (a) Republicans control House   (b) Republicans control Senate    (c) Republican President just told          you he wants to shut down the          government in the fall Senators press for concrete solutions  … #ctnews #ctconcrete #concrete #failingfoundations Good luck to all the players competing in the Mickey Mantle World Series tournament in Waterbury this weekend! … I’m (almost) turning 45 and I’m throwing myself a birthday party (campaign fundraiser) tonight in our backyard. That’s Cathy helping set up (while I stay inside and document it).pic.twitter.com/loQyyRgwJJ Read the First Amendment. Show me the part that compels a private company to spread conspiracy theories about twenty dead children being a hoax perpetuated by their parents. … Today marks 100 days until Election Day! It's time for us to get out there, knock on doors, make calls and WIN in November. Sign up to take action at  pic.twitter.com/CmDNdH0seG Seriously, something important is happening in Hartford right now. Two tech giants relocating here, new downtown minor league team selling out every night, pro soccer team taking up residency next summer, etc etc. … Knowing, intentional lies. GDP grew at 4% or above several quarters during the Obama Administration. … Beat mine:  I was walking out the Russell Senate building, on my way to the vote, just at the moment John got off the elevator surrounded by ashen faced staff.  He caught my eye, and told me, in 11 words, what he was about to go do. … One year ago Republicans tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but they haven't stopped attacking protections for people with pre-existing conditions.   I teamed up with @CoryBooker & @brianschatz to break down what's at stake & why we need your help to fight back.pic.twitter.com/qr2IVHnDrn Hartford, CT is one of the fastest growing tech talent markets in the country. #HartfordHasIt … Thanks to Trump's tax cuts, the deficit has ballooned by more than $1 trillion dollars. But corporate profits are higher than ever. … We're doing everything we can to help families with crumbling foundations. … THEN & NOW: Giuliani on Michael Cohen:  MAY 2018: "The man is an honest, honorable lawyer."  LAST NIGHT: "He's been lying for years... he's lied all his life." Frustrated by Trump's Russia policy, family separations, and rising health care costs? The best thing we can do to change things is to win in November.   Help us kick off 100 days to election day with a big weekend of action. Join me and sign up at  pic.twitter.com/8bk3mBWTsW Accessibility isn't just about ramps. It's about inclusion for each and every American. A must-read from @ElenaHung202 on why the ADA matters why we can't let Republicans in Washington gut it. #ADA28 … This is exactly why I was so worried about having the Department of Education run by a billionaire investor in for-profit schools. … Republicans said a giant tax cut for businesses would mean better wages for workers. That didn't happen.   …pic.twitter.com/yBN6LhwVUa In the wake of shootings across the country, people are rising up and demanding changes to our gun laws. And it's starting with state legislatures. … Watch this. Pompeo has an impossible job these days, but the idea that “what the President says” is different than “U.S. policy” is bonkers. … @ChrisMurphyCT and @SenBlumenthal introduce amendment to transportation budget to provide an additional $500 million in federal funding for the northeast corridor rail system between Washington, DC and Boston - saying it "needs some serious help" for the aging rail infrastructure Let's make sure @staceyabrams is the next Governor of Georgia. Click to donate and help us both win in November:  … … Why on earth would we want to make it possible for anyone - including felons and terrorists in the U.S. and abroad - to be able to print their own gun without a serial number or background check? … wait, what? … Great to see efforts from @ctdph and ambassadors like Lady Tatiana to promote #HIV prevention and educate people about #PrEP … Who gets hurt the most by Republican efforts to sabotage health care? Older people and families. Thanks to Trump's efforts to undermine the ACA they're paying $3,000 more for health insurance on average this year. … Republicans couldn't repeal the Affordable Care Act, so they've spent the last year actively sabotaging our health care system. I'm heading to the Senate floor with my colleagues to lay out exactly how. Tune in to watch now on C-SPAN2 1) It’s just one poll and 2) We haven’t had it confirmed by anecdotal reporting from any diners. … $12 billion in payoffs for farmers to blunt the political cost of tariffs. Crazypants.   Just sayin, but for $12b you could (a) build 500 new public schools (b) hire  250,000 teachers or (c) pay for a million kids to go to college for a year. Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) tells @burgessev and me outside GOP lunch that $12 billion in trade assistance to farmers from Trump administration "this is becoming more and more like a Soviet-type of economy here" with "commissars" sprinkling around benefits. The Yankees are now trolling Gary Sanchez. Fantastic. … "For years, Republicans said: Put us in charge and things will be great."  The result? Insurance markets are unstable, premiums are going up, and protections for people with pre-existing conditions are at risk. … This ongoing rift between the Saudis/UAE and Qatar is bad for American security and would have been solved by a normal, competent President a year ago.  If you're one of the 130 million Americans with a pre-existing condition, you don't want Brett Kavanaugh anywhere near the Supreme Court. … This is from the same game FYI. My new favorite Yankee. … Just when Judge was making it hard for us Sox fans to hate the Yankees, we remember you guys still have Gary Sanchez. … The Trump administration has been waging a very deliberate assault on the American health care system, and it’s working. … Put another way: the only viable reason to pull out of the Iran deal was to rebuild tougher sanctions so that Iran would eventually agree to a better agreement.  But NOT A SINGLE COUNTRY has agreed to new sanctions.  So why did we pull out of the deal?? Here's something important on Trump's botched Iran policy:  Last week, they briefed the Foreign Relations Committee on Iran nuclear sanctions since pulling out of the deal.  Simple question was asked: how many countries have signed up for new sanctions on Iran?  Answer: ZERO. Great hearing from veterans on Friday in Middletown about VA benefits and what they want me to be working on in Washington. … Congress's recent refusal to do our constitutional duty and declare war (Libya, Yemen, ISIS, etc.) risks looking a big green light to a war-hungry executive who might need a manufactured overseas crisis to distract from domestic turmoil. #Iran What happens when your loved one goes to work and never comes home? Stop and read @AndreaChamblee's piece about losing her husband John McNamara in @capgaznews shooting. … A must-read from my friend @CoryBooker … "They did not spy on the campaign from anything and everything that I have seen," Senate Intelligence Committee member Marco Rubio says on CBS in response to Trump's tweets this morning about the FBI Big congrats to Ridgefield's own @lanemurdock2002 on being named one of the inaugural #CourageFellows from @GiffordsCourage! … Upset at our President’s capitulation to Putin? Then grab a clipboard and start talking to voters! Thanks to all the awesome #CTDems #FightBackCT volunteers and organizers who are on the streets this weekend. … “I rolled over in Helsinki but the NFL commish needs to be stronger...” … President Trump's recent trip to Europe will probably go down as the most disastrous trip abroad by a president during our lifetime. … The single most important thing you can do to change our country and make things better is VOTE. Visit   to register. … It's been 9 months since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico and the Trump admin has done nothing to develop a rebuilding plan for the Island or help families with long-term housing relief. Today I joined advocates to call on Trump to help families that have been displacedpic.twitter.com/Bod8Y7x4eH Sat down with veterans in Middletown to talk about the work I've been doing in Washington to protect funding for veterans programs.pic.twitter.com/yg5lSq9VLS "Trump promised them better, cheaper health care. It’s not happening." … In the future, @brianschatz, please negotiate for better pictures of me to be included in your glowing profile pieces. … The continued assumption that there is an American led solution to every ethnic and political conflict in the Middle East sets up an expectation of “success” that makes “failure” inevitable. … Before a last minute objection from ONE Republican Senator, we were minutes away from voting on a judge who said black students shouldn’t be able to organize on campus bc “white students seem to be doing alright without an Aryan Student Union.”  Just noodle that for a sec. Don’t give Republicans too much credit here. Up until the very last minute they were ready to give a lifetime appellate court post to a guy who thinks that black students shouldn’t be able to organize on campuses: “They divide up by race for their feel good ethnic hoedowns”. Democrats just successfully tanked a Circuit Court nominee. Extremely rare move from McConnell. … We’ve been waiting on Senate floor for an hour to vote on the latest radical, unqualified judge. But one R has cold feet and all of a sudden the vote may be cancelled.   Reminder of what can happen when one single Republican Senator decides to do the right thing. Murphy highlights ‘sabotage’ plan to repeal Affordable Care Act  Yes. … As a longtime vocal critic of Saudi/UAE conduct in Yemen, this pause in the offensive is a positive step by the coalition. Now is the time to put an end to the civil war, and that will require hard concessions on all sides.  Republicans were willing to add $1.5 trillion to the deficit in order to pass a giant tax cut for rich people and big corporations. But now, they're saying we can't afford health care for veterans. … Trump's best hope for getting rid of the Affordable Care Act and all of its protections is to get someone like Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court. … After Sandy Hook, we said never again. And then we let 1,770 mass shootings happen. … I never need an excuse to get a hot dog at Capitol Lunch in New Britain, but I'll happily oblige for #NationalHotDogDay. Here are some of the best spots to get a hot dog in CT. … Your regular reminder that the Trump administration is deliberately working to sabotage our health care system. … You got it.  … Trump thinks his cruel policy of taking children from parents deters illegal immigration. He must not be aware of the horrors they're escaping. A federal judge in Connecticut has given a glimpse in a landmark ruling.  Warning: The details are grisly.   …pic.twitter.com/Bmw8fcf4K5 Very cool work being done @NOAAFish_NEFSC and Milford lab to help Connecticut fishermen and oyster growers. … (•_•) <)   )╯Senators   /    \  \(•_•)   can influence,   (   (>      /    \         (•_•)    foreign policy  <)   )>    /    \      under Article One Sen. Murphy: Trump just gave the middle finger to U.S.   @ChrisMurphyCT on @TheLeadCNNpic.twitter.com/OuXm8SNDWm Thanks to a judge, two children in CT who were ripped from their parents at the border will be reunited with family. I'm relieved. But they'll never heal from the trauma. … .@ChrisMurphyCT passes $13.4 million in fundraising, has $8.5 million in the bank  Heading down to the Senate floor to talk about the disaster of a meeting between Trump and Putin. Watch on CSPAN-2 A giddy Lavrov says the talks went “better than super” … If you're on the Trump national security team, and you've been out there saying how strong Trump is on Russia and how serious our commitment is to NATO, how do you not resign after the last four days? This entire trip has just been one giant middle finger from President Trump to his own country. Just jaw dropping. … Calling the EU a “foe”? Wow.   Putin’s chief priority, above all others, is to destroy NATO and the EU.   And Putin’s chief ally in that destruction, above all others, is Donald Trump. Great turnout in Kent for our celebration of federal funding to preserve land and protect open space in Northwest CT … Watch this. Connect with the white hot anger that will well up inside you. And then go win an election for someone who promises to never ever do this to a child again. … This morning on @ThisWeekABC: It 'belies common sense' Trump would 'press' Putin on election: @ChrisMurphyCT  SUNDAY: Ahead of the Trump-Putin summit in Helsinki, @jonkarl goes one-on-one with White House National Security Adviser @AmbJohnBolton and Senate Foreign Relations Democrat @ChrisMurphyCT, only on @ThisWeekABC  pic.twitter.com/DcUpfUj80Z Just sayin, but last time Trump “asked” Putin about election meddling, Russia was hacking into Clinton’s server within hours. … Had a great time at the annual @SAILFEST in New London today! Thanks to everyone who worked hard to make it possible.pic.twitter.com/wNgWScV8PZ Thanks to everyone who came out for this morning's Congress on Your Hike in Windham!pic.twitter.com/hoLsIRlOfR This is one of the smaller, stupider lies of his Britain visit. He wasn’t in Britain the day before Brexit. But the fact that the White House continues to repeat an easily verifiable lie is just wild. Don’t ever let this become normal. … I don’t think “f—k you” diplomacy is a thing. There was no diplomacy involved in that visit - it was just the “f—k you” part. … Nice of @ChrisMurphyCT to stop by my man Greg's farm in CT today!  Greg is great people, and good to see politicians talking to local farmers first hand. … Following Bolton tomorrow on This Week. Talking NATO/US-UK/Russia indictments. Should be interesting - tune in. … Did some door knocking last night in Kent w State Representative candidate Maria Horn. She’s the real deal.pic.twitter.com/jVNmZrRjR0 It's going to be a beautiful day in Connecticut tomorrow! Come join me for a Congress on Your Hike at Allanach Wolf Woodlands in Windham at 10 AM.pic.twitter.com/WxOsTytGXO Next time you’re feeling super cynical about politics in America, watch this and then go find a candidate to work for who you think would have the courage to give a speech like it.  … Celebrating the Highlands Conservation Act with friends and advocates in Kent! I fought to pass this bill last year and so far it's brought $8 million to the region and preserved more than 1,630 acres to date.pic.twitter.com/4TIMatRtoR Hey @BernieSanders I visited Greg’s farm in Somers this morning to talk about making sure the Farm Bill supports small, organic farmers like him. He showed me his pigs, his chickens, and this sign.pic.twitter.com/dvKhwFe9mQ I refuse to live in a world where nothing is untrue or morally wrong, just left or right.   Facebook’s inability to distinguish Infowars (which says Sandy Hook is a hoax) from normal political dialogue should concern us all. … One of the best at bats I’ve ever seen. Bases loaded. High leverage moment. 13 pitches. Grand slam. … The contrast here is pretty stark:  GOP in one breath threatens Strzok with contempt if he doesn't detail Russia investigation, which is ongoing.  Then it says it won't release transcript of Strzok's initial testimony ... because its investigation is ongoing. Welcome to America where people have to go on a game show to afford a college education. … .@ChrisMurphyCT: “I’m very worried that the President coming off the Supreme Court announcement is going to be sort of feeling tough & feeling big and go into this summit.” For more, tune into my podcast @DiploCable for episode on #NATOSummit2018 & #TrumpPutinSummit later today.pic.twitter.com/qz27MFXrjV It's time for Trump and neocons to understand that spending on "security" isn't just housed in the defense budget.  What Europe does to deal w refugee crisis, invest in energy independence, fight back against extremist and Russian propaganda - that's all security spending too. Remember, the damage done to global security by low European defense spending pales in comparison to damage done by Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric, refusal to help on refugee crisis, promotion of brutal dictators, attacks on diplomacy, cheering of Europe breakup, etc etc. Hartford is quickly becoming a hub for #FinTech companies. I'm going to keep working closely with state leaders to foster innovation and growth in Connecticut. … Connecticut's strong gun laws could be in jeopardy if Kavanaugh gets confirmed to the Supreme Court. #WhatsAtStake … Are you one of the 130 million Americans with a pre-existing condition? This SCOTUS nomination could determine whether you get covered, or whether we go back to the days when insurance companies could jack up your prices and deny you care entirely. … On issue after issue, Judge Kavanaugh is a dream for the far right, and a nightmare for hard-working families in Connecticut. … Too many #FightBackFellows at @CTDems HQ to fit in one photo! They're turning out all the votes for @ChrisMurphyCT, @RepJohnLarson & Dems up and down the ballot! #FightBackCTpic.twitter.com/qApjJbymxl On vacation last week and missed my Walk Across Connecticut? You can see all the #WalkCT highlights over on my Instagram story.  … Yesterday I joined the rest of the CT Congressional Delegation in urging President Trump to sign a federal disaster declaration for the storms that devastated towns across the state in May. … Trump's goal is to make the NATO summit a disaster - an international embarrassment that sows more discord inside Europe.  Hard to figure who stands to benefit from that...pic.twitter.com/02gVdu6kJl What this headline doesn't say is that Trump has instructed the remaining outreach staff to steer consumers toward no-benefit junk plans.  Why? Because junk plans make the industry more money. … I want you to read this article and learn what I heard yesterday from the families and kids in New Haven who will go hungry if Republican cuts to SNAP benefits are put in place. … Turn on C-SPAN 2 - I'm heading down to the Senate floor to talk about what Brett Kavanaugh's nomination will mean for health care. If democracy falls apart, those of you who stayed silent when the President intentionally and brazenly ignored a court order will have some explaining to do. … Brett Kavanaugh is an anti-consumer zealot, an opponent of preexisting condition protections, a critic of abortion rights and access to contraception, a Second Amendment radical, and a bad choice for the Supreme Court.  Not a close call.  I will vote NO. The right wants the Supreme Court to strike down protections for people w preexisting conditions.   Kavanaugh has the anti-ACA, anti-consumer pedigree to lead the charge. That’s a big reason why Trump picked him. Brett Kavanaugh is a true Second Amendment radical. He believes assault weapon bans are unconstitutional, a position way out of the judicial mainstream, far to the right of even late Justice Scalia. His answer is irrelevant. He was required to follow precedent on the Appeals Court. He won’t be on SCOTUS. Conservative Supreme Court justices have been busting up precedent left and right. He is being chosen to overturn Roe - plain and simple. … "The agenda is not just to get rid  of Roe. It's to go after Griswold itself to go after contraceptives." @ChrisMurphyCT on Trump's SCOTUS pick. #Hardball Does our President really think he signed a contract with Kim?  Is he just realizing now that pissing off China in the middle of negotiations with North Korea wasn't smart?  Hope Not! … He claims the story is false and then backs it up … Lots of people on my walk told me how horrified they are by Trump's family separation policy. We need to reunite these kids with their parents. … Sat down with advocates and SNAP beneficiaries at @CitySeedNH this morning to talk about the Farm Bill and why I'm fighting to make sure the final version protects the 437,000 CT residents who it helps put food on the table.pic.twitter.com/RzRU3ZcUUD It’s all happening... … .@ChrisMurphyCT gave me a call while walking on a sidewalk-less road on day 2 of his Connecticut trek. He finished yesterday. … I am shaking with excitement that Mary Chapin Carpenter just tweeted at me... … This what America has become - threatening the world with sanctions if they advocate for breast-feeding. Unreal. … The Red Sox may be red-hot, but baseball is striking out in every way  … via @BostonGlobe I love that Senator @ChrisMurphyCT walks across his state + talks to constituents every summer. Voters are busy + he makes himself availble for discussion + shines a light on his state. #Connecticut   (This would be harder in #Montana or #Texas obviously, but still so cool.) … It was like a 4 day roving town hall! I wish more Members did it. … And just like that, my 3rd annual Walk Across Connecticut is done! I hope you'll take a minute to read my final recap. #WalkCT … Look at all the people who came to celebrate the end of my Walk Across Connecticut. So touched by the big New Haven turnout. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/t3EiovQBtR Passing IKEA in New Haven. Last quarter mile of my Walk Across Connecticut! #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/IurHlnnTKE These kids are out here hustling in the hot sun to raise money to go to a basketball tournament in Orlando. Go to @NewHavenHeatFam to find out how to help. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/rhaX8U5pvg What do I listen to during the quiet stretches of the walk? Here’s this year’s playlist. A couple T Petty covers, the obligatory Phish track, something from my kids’ current fav soundtrack, etc. … After stopping at the Brownstone for a little while to talk to patrons, ran into these guys brought me donuts all the way from Westport! #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/jC5ejenuS5 This is Mat. Met him this morning on my walk. He’s a vet, and a longtime NRA member. But he left bc he watched the NRA become out of touch w its members. Mat supports universal background checks. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/31yc2kY5L1 Starting the final day of my annual Walk Across Connecticut. Relatively short journey today from Quinnipiac University in Hamden to the Long Island Sound in New Haven. This was my view as I started. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/rUNVNUNcVV Day 3 of #WalkCT started in New Britain, included a town hall and some aching legs in the middle, and ended with a great surprise. Hope you'll take a minute to read my full recap. … Look who came and joined me for the last mile of today’s walk? My wife Cathy! We artfully avoided getting hit by cars on windy Mount Carmel Rd in Hamden. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/s58z1hOStE These guys were so fun to talk to. They just finished cleaning out their restaurant’s grease trap and were fired up to be done w the work day.   “No offense”, one said. “But you don’t look like a f—-ing Senator.” #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/lT9hdRni1j Latest stop on my walk across Connecticut - to say thanks to the Wallingford Fire Department. Big night tonight - town fireworks at Sheehan at 9pm! #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/SG0NFwO6H3 Earlier today I walked by the German Singing Club in Meriden. I’ve been there before and it’s as fun as it sounds. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/60tnKrr6kx Update: it was more delicious than I could have imagined. Just picked up lunch at a Cumby’s I passed. I assume this is real, not processed rib meat. Right? Right? #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/wbfN3HpAaL Packed town hall in Meriden. I did a lot of leaning while I listened to questions to give my legs a rest. Now off to Wallingford. 12 more miles to go! #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/EFGvEfEZeX Heading to into downtown Meriden, relatively on time for my 1pm town hall at the senior center. For the first time during the walk, my legs are in a fit of revolt. Ugh. #WalkCT We had a great chat about health care and the Russia investigation. Tell him I appreciated the company! #WalkCT … Starting Day 3 of my annual Walk Across Connecticut. I’m rocking a Voltron: Defender of the Universe tee today. You will only know what this is if your childhood was either mid 80s (original show) or present day (Netflix reboot).pic.twitter.com/vGynOjEENe Senator Murphy continued his walk across the state, meeting with people in #Hartford today: … Day 2 of #WalkCT featured a walk through Hartford, lots of Caribbean food and a stop by my childhood home! I hope you'll take a minute to read my full recap. … Can’t stop thinking about this guy I met this morning in Hartford. Glenn had just finished a shift at KFC at 2am, was starting a 9am shift at a restaurant in the north end. Works 60+ hours a week and still can’t pay the rent each month.   Glenn is who I’m fighting for. #WalkCT Thx for spending your morning in #Hartford @ChrisMurphyCT — not everybody gets to see their US Senator in sneakers and a baseball cap walking down their street — but lots of folks in Hartford did today! … Hey @erinstewartct I’m in hard hittin’ New Britain for the last leg of Day 2 of my walk across Connecticut!pic.twitter.com/9GAhJockSK Walking through Newington center, met a woman who was friends w my sister growing up, remembers listening to Guns N Roses in our basement.   “Whenever I see you on TV, I think Guns N Roses”, she says.   “I think that’s a club w a membership of 1”, I replied. #WalkCT .@ChrisMurphyCT began his third walk across Connecticut yesterday, ending with a town hall at @UofHartford. He continues today.  pic.twitter.com/diwbhhRxLC Cargo shorts alert! Annual selfie with @ChrisMurphyCT as one of us walks across the state. #CTPolitics  …pic.twitter.com/k7wbsNGOxI Want to join me for a #WalkCT town hall? I'll be at the Meriden Senior Center tomorrow at 1:00 pm. Hope to see you there!pic.twitter.com/JkLC3Zo2Qe Before leaving Hartford had to stop in to my favorite pizza spot in the city, First and Last. And I ran into good friend and Hartford celebrity @merossetti!pic.twitter.com/N0hOWc90oN So it’s 130 and I haven’t made it out of Hartford yet! Badly behind schedule but for good reason. Lots of great conversations throughout the north and south ends. Thanks to @MayorBronin and others for walking w me.pic.twitter.com/Nk7Z0DLou7 Welcome to Day 2 of my annual Walk Across Connecticut. 70 miles, north to south this year. Today starts w a morning walk through Hartford. Rain in the forecast. Oh boy.pic.twitter.com/IrP44lxEyo Day one of #WalkCT is officially over and it was a hot one! I hope you'll take a minute to read about my day in Hartland, Granby, Bloomfield and Hartford. … Great turnout for my town hall at the @harttschool. Thanks to everyone who came out to ask questions and share your thoughts with me! #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/KBvWfTsESa Got a little sidetracked at a stop in at Bloomfield Bicycle. Did not know how the electric bikes are such hot sellers this summer!   Anyway - running 15 min late for the town hall but walking as fast as my weary legs can take me! #WalkCT … Thanks to the Chief and volunteers at Bloomfield Fire for showing me around today. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/WLlFQ4hQGO Stopped in at a power equipment store in East Granby. The colorful older guy behind the counter asked where I was ending the walk.   “Long Island Sound,” I replied.   “Well, just keep walking. We’d be better off.” #WalkCT The Merli family in Granby collects and displays antique Farmall tractors on their front lawn. Stopped by to chat this morning.   I love when people in DC think CT is just one big suburb of New York City. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/bmxH9kL7hL I'm hosting a Walk Across Connecticut town hall tonight at the @harttschool at 5:00 PM. Hope to see you there!pic.twitter.com/PFkCS6k0Q0 Lost cat. West Granby. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/18Qj0lixrI Good morning! Starting my annual walk across Connecticut this morning. Starting in Hartland this year. Ending in New Haven on Sunday. Hot! #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/yqyIo6sRBl One of most righteous causes in politics today. #imwithchuck … Tomorrow, I'm lacing up my sneakers for my third annual Walk Across Connecticut. I hope you'll follow along. #WalkCTpic.twitter.com/aUorXLONFm Today we remember Kevin Sutherland, and we honor his legacy. This amazing young man had a generous and compassionate heart, and he was kind to others. He made an impact on the lives of everyone who were fortunate to call him a friend. We are thinking of you today, Doug and Terry.pic.twitter.com/L3TdBUhrqb The Murphy family view from the rear of the 4th of July parade at Hawks Nest Beach in Old Lyme. Bicycles, wagons, unicycles, golf carts, whatever you got. Happy 4th!!pic.twitter.com/oSmIQ3f897 Drug shortages put patients in danger and force doctors and nurses to scramble for alternatives. Last month, I led a bipartisan effort with @BillCassidy to @ScottGottliebMD asking for FDA's help on the drug shortage crisis. … If lawmakers thought that students were going to give up and go home after Congress failed to act on gun violence, they were wrong. Young people are leading this movement and they're not going anywhere. … 3/ That's why I was proud to work with @ChrisVanHollen, @BrianSchatz & @SteveDaines to pass a bill last week that will ensure that all Senate offices finally pay their interns. … 2/ I was lucky, but it shouldn't be about luck. Qualified students should have the opportunity to intern here in the Senate, regardless of where they come from or how much money they have. 1/ Fun fact: Decades before I was a Senator, I was a Senate intern for @SenChrisDodd. There's no way I could have taken advantage of that opportunity had my family not had the resources to send me down to Washington for a summer. On this issue - the evils of the US/UK/Saudi war on Yemen -  @ChrisMurphyCT has been unyieldingly great. And he didn't just start caring about it on 1/20/2017. He's been vocal and persistent in trying to stop the heinous atrocities the US has been fueling there for years: … Recovery coaches have made a big difference in helping treat the opioid crisis in Norwich. I have a bill that would expand this program nationwide. … The secrecy of the child separation process should concern us all. … 5/ Be loud: tell Congress that U.S. needs to cut of support for the Yemen bombing campaign if Saudis/UAE abandons diplomacy and restarts assault on humanitarian port of Hudaydah.  Now is the moment to push our leverage to save the Yemeni people. 4/ Now U.S. must press Saudis/UAE to agree to UN administration of port, and end to bombing campaign. Trump team shows no signs of pushing Saudis/UAE at the negotiating table, but this is the key moment. 3/ U.S. told Saudis/UAE is would be difficult, they didn't listen.  Now they are bogged down, and seeking a pause/way out. Houthis (who don't have clean hands in this war) are willing to have UN come in an administer the port. 2/ Saudis/UAE launched attack on Hudaydah, the humanitarian port in Yemen. Long siege of this port could make existing famine look like child's play. U.S. is still helping with assault, despite universal opposition from humanitarian groups. THREAD: 1/ I know there's a lot coming at you right now, but please please please pay attention to a pivotal moment in Yemen, the world's worst humanitarian disaster (1m cases of cholera - CHOLERA), caused largely by a U.S. funded nonsensical bombing campaign. Congrats to New Haven's @MelintaTx on being named my Murphy Innovator of the Month! … Read this Monday morning. … The vast majority of Americans don't want Republicans to gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions. If we want to protect health care, we need to show up in November and vote on it. … I'm proud that the majority of donations to my campaign come from lots of people giving whatever small amount they can. We're about to close the books on a big fundraising deadline. Can I count on you chip in $5 before midnight? … Incredibly powerful to see people marching together in Connecticut, in Washington, D.C. and in every single state across the country. We will not stop fighting. #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/dqq38Uio9i Witness. March. Speak out.   Text FAMILY to 668366  #FamiiesBelongTogetherMarchpic.twitter.com/os4Mzwsl72 This summer, Connecticut servicemembers and their families get free admission to 50+ museums across the state. … This can’t be true!!! President Trump told us “North Korea is no longer a nuclear threat”. He said he took care of it. … Dear Aaron Judge: as a diehard Sox fan I request you to make it easier for me to hate you than you are currently. … Noank Community Services is an amazing organization and this child is much better off here than in a prison on the border. They are doing their best in a bad, awful situation. The lack of transparency from the Administration, and the lack of giving a crap from Republicans in Congress, is so deeply disturbing. These are little children - and their lives are being changed forever by this unspeakable trauma. HHS’s excuse was that we need to give 14 days notice. What?? 14 days of forced separation from your parent can traumatize a kid for life. And we aren’t asking to see nuclear codes - we just wanted 10 min to make sure the child is ok. Disturbing #WhereAreTheChildren update.   Earlier today, HHS denied me @SenBlumenthal @RepJoeCourtney the ability to visit a child separated from their family who is being housed w a non-profit in our state.   The perverse secrecy of child separation should concern us all. Just this week I helped secure $1.5 billion in new funding that will help states like Connecticut fund opioid prevention and treatment programs. I've talked with people across the state about the need for new resources and this is a step in the right direction. Stopped by @BackusHospital in Norwich to talk with doctors and advocates about how the hospital is dealing with the opioid epidemic and what I'm doing in Washington to address this crisis. It's about to get very hot in Connecticut this weekend. Please stay hydrated and if you need help, local cooling centers are open. … Tomorrow this Capital page will return to its steady purpose of offering readers informed opinion about the world around them. But today, we are speechless.pic.twitter.com/5HzKN2IW7Q Started the day with a Congress on Your Train talking to commuters on the brand new @HartfordLinepic.twitter.com/iRyLCUW0lH Pulling for everyone at the Capital Gazette. Horrible.   So awful that my colleagues still don't understand their unconscionable silence has become a green light for would-be shooters, who perceive inaction as endorsement. Exactly. McConnell should have held a vote on Garland. But now that he’s set a precedent, he should stick to it. … 1. Need some good news? Check out this breakdown of highlights from the latest @EIAgov energy data, powered by @sustainablejohn and our amazing @BeyondCoal analyst team. Headlines/spoilers - #coal fell to an all time low, while #wind and #solar hit an all time high! Thread: We are making a decision about the future of this country. We are making a decision about whether families can make this own health care decisions. We're making a decision about our democracy with this SCOTUS vacancy, says @ChrisMurphyCT #SaveScotus #DitchTheListpic.twitter.com/hy8YniPtsO 3/ Pompeo's answer:  "I’m confident that I could identify a set of tradeoffs for you where you’d agree that that was the right outcome as well."  That sounds like the sovereignty of Ukraine is on the table, a total reversal of US policy. 2/ I asked him whether Trump would cut a deal with Putin to bring Russia back into the G7 even if Putin didn't start pulling out of Ukraine.  Basically, will we sell out Ukraine to get something else from Russia? 1/ Lost in yesterday's news din was an exchange I had with Pompeo that should concern every Democrat and Republican that cares about Ukraine and/or worries about a bad deal being cut at the newly announced Putin-Trump meeting Yesterday was a gut punch. But more than anything else, it was a reminder that elections matter, and we need to start winning them - everywhere.   So adjust your summer and fall priorities, and let’s get to work. About to go live with @maddow to discuss Kennedy’s retirement and what’s happens next. Tune in at 9 ET to watch. Felt right to spend tonight w SEIU head @MaryKayHenry and my new hero, Angel, who is leading the fight to organize fast food workers in Hartford. We won’t ever ever give up.pic.twitter.com/JBYymRbmYo McConnell has to follow the rule he set for the Senate.   We shouldn't vote on ANY Trump nominee to replace Justice Kennedy until the voters have had a chance to weigh in and a new Congress is sworn in.   Sign my petition if you agree.  … Here it is, plain and simple.   McConnell set the rule.   Now, he and Senate Republicans need to follow it.  No vote on a Supreme Court nominee until after the new Congress is seated. Not surprising @SenateMajLdr has already reversed his rule on confirming justices before an election. The real question is, is there not ONE GOP Senator who sees the hypocrisy in all this? Because it likely only takes one. Wait, so the thing about “the American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice” wasn’t really about a concern for the American people?   It was just about Obama?? I am shocked! SHOCKED!! … The Republican tax law in action: 1. Add trillions to the debt in order to give millionaires and corporations a giant windfall. 2. Threaten to cut Social Security and Medicare to pay for it. 3. Put the entire economy at risk of a financial crisis. … Let’s call it like it is: the Supreme Court is turning itself into a political arm of the Republican Party. Weakening organized labor, upholding GOP gerrymandering, gutting voting rights laws. It's not Melania's jacket.  It's not the Red Hen.  It's the relentless campaign by Republicans to pad the pockets of their health industry buddies by taking away your insurance and driving up costs for people with preexisting conditions. #weguttedit At Truman Dinner, @clairecmc asks everyone to stand up who has a preexisting condition. Notes GOP wants to eliminate insurance coverage for them. Most of ballroom stands up:pic.twitter.com/6IvWuTursi No no no no. Everything is fine. President Trump said he has a “special bond” with Kim. He “trusts” him. So just don’t worry about it. … The new @CDCgov director wants to study gun violence. It's time for Congress to provide the funding. … Awesome. … Current American foreign policy in a nutshell, as endorsed by SCOTUS:   Step 1: Bomb country (e.g. Syria, Yemen, Libya) Step 2: Creating humanitarian nighmare inside Step 3: Then lock desperate families inside, throw away key Trump's trade war could put Connecticut cheesemakers and dairy farmers in jeopardy. … "It’s hard to imagine anyone fighting to return to a system that left many people with pre-existing conditions unable to buy health insurance... but that’s exactly what many Republican-led states and the Trump administration are doing." … BREAKING: In Texas two insurers are requesting premium increases of 33.8% and 19.9%. Both cite GOP sabotage.pic.twitter.com/xNd8xLtfGt Who is getting hurt the most by Trump's sabotage of the health care system?   Older Americans who don't yet qualify for Medicare. … Great to see I Luv BPT working to highlight arts and culture in Bridgeport and bring people into the city. … Repealing the #NationalOceanPolicy is a short-sighted mistake with long-term consequences. I'm going to keep fighting to protect Long Island Sound. … Congrats to Adam Young of Sift Back Shop in Mystic on winning #BestBakerInAmerica on @FoodNetwork! … In Connecticut, @SenBlumenthaul, Sen @ChrisMurphyCT, and Rep @JaHimes, announce $1.1 million in funding for @SeniorCorps Foster Grandparents to tutor and mentor disadvantaged youth in Head Start, K-12 classrooms, and afterschool programs:   #SeniorCorpsWorkspic.twitter.com/JCfsPyyTme Our work is not done.  We need to reunite these families and we need to do it now. #FamiliesBelongTogether. … Last night with just 24 hours notice, hundreds of people came to Hartford and rallied to #KeepFamilies Together. I brought my two sons with me to show them what this country is really about. … The CitiCare Hackathon starts TONIGHT, but there is still time to register! @ChrisMurphyCT invites you to make a difference!  #MayorsChallenge  Sign-up:     @theamontanez @jbarere @shanaschloss @RPierceCity @MayorBronin Republicans in Washington added $1 trillion to the deficit so that they could give a giant tax cut to rich people and big businesses.   Now, they're planning to cut your Medicare and Social Security benefits to pay for it. … Hundreds of people came out to join me in Hartford tonight and rallied to #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/YhcVFp1KoF I organized a rally tonight in Hartford to raise hell on child separation. Amazing turnout on 24 hours notice. Brought my two boys (far right in this pic) to show them what this country is really about.pic.twitter.com/8VN4tQiqs9 Your regular reminder that gun violence in America kills seven children every single day. … Join me TONIGHT at 6:45 in Hartford for a rally to end family separation. #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/6yXT7K7Y7p I’m not the smartest guy in the world but I think I can be for secure borders at the same time that I’m against taking 5 year olds from their parents, confiscating their teddy bears, and locking them in cages. … Celtics need to re-sign this guy. … Great to see police departments like Enfield and Manchester treating the opioid crisis like a public health epidemic and helping connect people to treatment they desperately need. … A person's dignity does not depend on them being a citizen, a migrant, or a refugee. Saving the life of someone fleeing war and poverty is an act of humanity. #WithRefugees @M_RSection This week I intro'd a bill with @SenKamalaHarris that will help towns along the shoreline protect themselves from future storms and rising sea levels. … Let’s not get sucked into a moral vortex where something less than diabolically evil is somehow acceptable.   If the new policy puts kids and parents in cages indefinitely that’s better than kids in cages alone, but still illegal and immoral. Just imagine for a moment, how important that stuffed animal must be to that little kid, for it to be the only thing she brings with her at the scariest instance of her life. … I can confirm, the @GoYardGoats park in downtown Hartford is a great time. … Also super important - THERE IS NO LAW THAT REQUIRES KIDS TO BE PUT IN CAGES. … Just an FYI - Republicans aren’t talking about a clean bill to free these kids.   “We want to change the law” = “We want to help Trump use these caged up kids as leverage to get our other terrible immigration ideas into law.” … No kid should go hungry this summer. That's why @EndHungerCT provides breakfasts and lunches for families in need. Find a location near you at  pic.twitter.com/in5WEKeEz6 Let’s be clear what “playing ball” means here: funding Trump’s stupid wall as ransom to let little kids out of cages, encouraging the President to terrorize other little kids to get other things he wants.   Yeah, I don’t want to play that game. … If the Trump administration succeeds in getting rid of protections for 130 million people with pre-existing conditions, insurance companies will be able to deny them the care they need to survive. … It’s time for Democrats to open their eyes and realize the world has changed. The only thing to be afraid of on the gun issue is the political consequences of NOT talking about it. … .@ChrisMurphyCT Touts ‘Buy American’ Message To Connecticut’s Manufacturing Employees  …pic.twitter.com/Rrc36vTJJW Just because the Trump administration is separating kids from their parents doesn’t mean they aren’t also trying to eliminate protections for people with pre-existing health conditions. The Trump administration has made their position clear - if you're one of the 130 million Americans with a pre-existing condition, insurance companies should be able to charge you more or deny you care. … Note the difference in headlines here. One emphasizes the lie, one spreads the lie without correction. Do better, @nytimes.pic.twitter.com/HglSvNUtko "Child abuse" "Toxic stress"  "Irreparable harm"  These are the words the American Academy of Pediatrics is using to describe the effects of Trump's family separation policy. … The President of the United States has stolen 2,000 little children from their parents and locked them in cages, to be released only if Congress gives him money to build a wall with Mexico.  I’m pretty sure I have that right. Republicans claim they want to protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. But their efforts to repeal and undermine the ACA make it clear that they don’t, and they never did. … Meanwhile... … NEW. Op-Ed By Laura Bush   Calls it "immoral" to separate children from their parents and  warehouse children … Retract this statement, Madame Secretary.  Yes, technically YOU are not at the border separating families YOURSELF. You are in charge of a policy that turns parents over to DOJ, resulting in the separation of children. You know this, and still - incredibly - sent out this tweet. … DHS’s policy is to refer 100 percent of those who crossed the border illegally to the Justice Department for criminal prosecution. But that directly leads to family separation because kids can’t be held in criminal jails. … If we don’t start winning elections soon, history will judge the next-level shamelessness of this month as decisive in the collapse of American democracy. … This Father's Day, I can't stop thinking about the children being separated from their parents by the Trump administration.   It's time for Congress to pass the #KeepFamiliesTogether Act to put a stop to this inhumane policy.  Add your name if you agree:  … Legal experts agree that the latest challenge to the ACA is bogus - but it could still let insurance companies deny health care for 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.  … This is a big deal for our state. I was proud to vote for funding to get the Hartford line built and it's exciting to see it become a reality. … Trump just now: "Manafort had nothing to do with our campaign."  Uh, what?  This gaggle is wild. This Father’s Day, I’m headed to the border with @SenJeffMerkley to focus on the inhumanity of separating kids from their moms and dads when families are legally seeking asylum and get a first-hand look at what is happening. Follow along Sunday for updates from our trip. Excited to have all of the Connecticut Brennans & the rest of my homestate be able to watch the full hour long @FaceTheNation on Sundays... … The idea that morality is defined by blindly following the law, regardless of the law’s morality, has been the basic operating principle of most fascist regimes throughout history. Stopped by the CT River Museum in Essex to talk with environmental activists and community leaders about the work I'm doing to protect our shorelines from climate change.pic.twitter.com/PiaqilsLfy Funny how executing people who disagree with you causes your people to sit up straight and behave. … Oh, and @brianschatz - turns out there is video evidence of the double. cc @nielslesniewski @ChrisVanHollen … Easy to criticize from the sidelines, @brianschatz! Get out there next year! Or do they not play baseball in Hawaii?pic.twitter.com/3eeXDDBW5Q Correction. 13-4. @CedricRichmond just hit a 3 run homer as I was typing.pic.twitter.com/9pFOqOVYuJ 10-4 Dems in the top of the 5th. Proudly repping @GoYardGoats tonight! Here’s me w my battery mate, @CedricRichmond.pic.twitter.com/Kc1Ygu81sE Yesterday @SenDuckworth and I intro'd an amendment to place limits on Donald Trump reducing U.S. troops in South Korea. We need to continue to protect our allies and this decision cannot be made without the consent of Congress. … The Trump administration has made their position clear - if you're one of the 130 million Americans with a pre-existing condition, insurance companies should be able to charge you more or deny you care. … Join @familiesbelong and @womenbelong to say #FamiliesBelongTogether TODAY — Tell the The Trump administration to stop separating children from their parents immediately:  When the Trump administration won't defend 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions from a lawsuit claiming insurance companies should be able to deny them care, they're making it very clear whose side they're on. … a) I have a sprained thumb on my catching hand b) I have tendinitis on my throwing arm elbow c) I haven’t had time to go to practices this year   I have all my excuses ready... … Ignore the artwork - just read the text that greets kids/workers at the child immigrant detention center.   The message seems to be: yes, ripping these kids from their parents and treating them like animals is soul crushing and immoral and evil, but, like, don’t worry about it.pic.twitter.com/OqIbTgEoQL Sit down and close the door before you read this. You will either start crying or screaming. … 5/ And finally, what did the Saudis THINK THEY WERE BOMBING? The entire compound is used by humanitarian groups! Looks like evidence that the Saudi/UAE/U.S. coalition is still targeting civilian sites. 4/ Saudis seem to be hanging their argument on failure of MSF to add the facility to a different, comprehensive list of MSF sites. But they told the Saudis about this building 12 TIMES. They knew. 3/ MSF shared the coordinates of this building with the Saudis 12 TIMES since April. Saudis acknowledged receipt of coordinates 9 TIMES.  Simply not true that the coalition didn't know about the cholera facility. 2/ Doctors Without Borders (MSF) have been building a new cholera treatment facility in a compound in Yemen used by the Red Crescent and MSF. Saudis watched the construction, could have raised questions to MSF about the building. 1/ Short THREAD on the impressive chutzpah it took for the Saudis to send out this tweet. Let me tell you the short real story about how a Doctors Without Borders facility was bombed by the Saudi/U.S. coalition this week. … School's out and many families are scrambling to find and afford #summercare. In Connecticut, summer care will cost most families more than $3,700. … Rates are coming out state-by-state and the trend is the same - premiums are increasing by double-digits. Across the board, insurance companies say higher costs are a direct effect of Trump's health care sabotage. … Senate Democrats taking to the floor now — with props — to talk about Trump’s “sabotage” of the Affordable Care Act.  Here’s @ChrisMurphyCT attacking Trump decision to argue that ACA’s pre-existing conditions are unconstitutional.pic.twitter.com/u2vGQLBsW3 Turn on CSPAN-2. I'm heading to the Senate floor with my colleagues to talk about how the Trump administration's actions are sabotaging our health care system and driving up costs for everyone. Yesterday I talked with @wherewelive about how the Trump administration is sabotaging the health care system and throwing 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions under the bus. … How do we know the tide is changing on the issue of gun violence? The NRA is now hiding its past grades for lawmakers so voters can't use their support against them. … I noticed. You nailed it. And @TimRyan doesn’t deserve a Press Secretary with your vocal abilities. … Heading down to the Senate floor to share the stories of victims of gun violence. I've done this more than 50 times in the last few years and I'm going to keep doing it until Congress decides to act. Tune in to watch soon on CSPAN-2 Verifies what I find in Connecticut - while political class follows every Mueller twist and turn, tons of swing voters are focused on the same things they always are - health care, wages, education, safety. … A bipartisan group of Senators, led by @SenatorMenendez @BobCorker @SenToddYoung @ChrisMurphyCT, urge @SecPompeo & SecDef Mattis to #SaveHodeida bc it will wipe peace off the table and #YemenCantWait:  … Worked hard last 48 hours to make this bipartisan Yemen letter (importantly w top R and D on Foreign Relations Committee) happen. … Closing our doors to women fleeing domestic abuse and families fearing gang violence is yet another cruel move by this administration that betrays our Americans values. … "I don't think they accomplished anything except for a photo op...We effectively gave up one of our most important chits in the longer term negotiation for nothing."  Senator @ChrisMurphyCT talks to @paulwaldman1 about the North Korea summit:  On this day 2 years ago, a man filled with hate and armed with a military-style assault rifle and large-capacity magazines killed 49 people and wounded 53 others at Pulse. Let's remember each one of their names today and every day. Join us at  pic.twitter.com/6aNejK7DyB 4/ Further, the specifics of the "agreement" make clear Trump doesn't have the chops to get a final deal that's good for us. We gave up military exercises in exchange for NOTHING (Kim's vague disarmament commitment is weaker than previous commitments). 3/ The message of last 72 hours is clear: if you're a historic U.S. ally, you get humiliated.  If you've been a bad actor, you get rewarded, even if you show no meaningful sign of reform. That sends a chill down the spine of any nation asked to help the U.S. in the future. 2/ The syrupy photo op with Kim, on the heels of the brutal treatment of our closest allies at the G7, is an international relations disaster. I'm fine with POTUS talking to our enemies, but not right after you savaged your friends. 1/ Trump wants supporters of diplomacy, like me, to get caught in a trap where we can't criticize Singapore. I call BS. Trump isn't Obama. North Korea isn't Iran. And the context of the G7 disaster matters. It has been two years since 49 people were shot and killed at Pulse nightclub. What will you do to honor their memories with action? What will you do to end gun violence in this country?pic.twitter.com/Wv0YlRUEwl Kim’s gulags, public executions, planned starvation, are legitimized on the world stage.   U.S. gives up one of our biggest negotiating chips - military exercises.   North Korea ends up BACKTRACKING on previous promises on denuclearization.   What the hell? Doug Bennet was a hero for our time, an intellectual giant with a sevant’s heart. We were privileged he called Connecticut home for a big portion of his life, and our thoughts are with my friend Mike and the family. … Two years ago “Trump officials kick into damage-control mode with Canada” was an Onion headline.   …pic.twitter.com/QneIAOXtzD More evidence the Yemen War is spiraling. The U.S. has begged Saudi/UAE coalition not to attack the humanitarian aid port of Hudaydah. New reports suggest they have refused our plea, are readying an assault. Result could be catastrophic. The Yemen War is spiraling out of control. The Saudi/UAE/U.S. coalition bombed a Doctors Without Borders cholera treatment facility earlier today.   Let me repeat that - the U.S helped bomb A DOCTORS WITHOUT BORDERS CHOLERA TREATMENT FACILITY. The President of the United States wants insurance companies to be able to tell people with pre-existing conditions they can't get the health care they need to stay alive. This is heartless.  … If this is the contrast in Missouri and other swing states (and Trump’s actions last week made sure it will be if we r disciplined) then November is a rout. … Stopped by Black Rock Day in Bridgeport this afternoon. Thanks to everyone who put together this great event!pic.twitter.com/3P3jAhfrYL Thanks to everyone who came out for today's Congress on Your Hike in Stratford! It was great to get outside and hear your feedback.pic.twitter.com/etmC655uMI Global leaders are openly mocking the United States. This is who we have become - the punchline of a joke. … Had a great time at the 32nd annual Celebrate! West Hartford Fair.pic.twitter.com/LHN165MTDr I love that our President’s advisors seem so excited to sell their boss’s glass jaw. … "What's not in good faith is when you leave there you fly out of there and the host Canadian Prime Minister starts taking wacks at you": Larry Kudlow said comments after President Trump left G7 justify pulling out of the communique on Face The Nation  pic.twitter.com/HtGlf3zltT Trudeau didn’t pick a fight. This is a lie just like all the others. Trump is making the United States a global laughingstock, drying up our credibility/influence so badly that the next President can’t get it back. Thank you to everyone who joined us at our Fight Back CT training today. The energy in this election is unlike anything we’ve ever seen—and these fellows are ready to #KeepCTBluepic.twitter.com/ovlKva0Pqw The thing is, I was at the @JustinTrudeau news conference, and he went out of his way to try to downplay tensions. He didn’t attack @realDonaldTrump in any way, other than restate Canada would retaliate for tariffs. Not sure what @larry_kudlow means re: “stabbed” US in the back For the record, the answer is no. Teachers and principals cannot call ICE on undocumented students.  … Sloane Stephens teaching Halep how to properly show off the trophy she just beat her for is fantastic.pic.twitter.com/hQBOX4BtMi America is supporting a war in Yemen that has torn the country apart and Trump's travel ban has locked those seeking visas out of the United States, leaving thousands separated from their families and trapped with nowhere to go.  … I spoke to Al about his walk at my town hall in Wethersfield a few weeks ago. His persistence shows that each and every one of us has the power to make an impact. … Prediction: guns is going to be a decisive issue in a bunch of races this fall. I’m seeing the issue pop in multiple candidate polls. … Tomorrow is #CTOpenHouse day! Check out  … for events and activities happening across the state. … For years Republicans said they would protect people with pre-existing conditions. They lied.   Instead, the Trump admin is saying it's unconstitutional to stop insurance companies from denying coverage for people who are sick or who have ever been sick. … Nearly 45,000 people die by suicide each year, but this public health crisis is one that often goes unseen or undiscussed. If you or a loved one are struggling, please know that there is help available. … "The victims of the Santa Fe HS shooting were not killed by doors, trench coats or a lack of school resource officers"   Students, educators and survivors were clear with the WH school safety commission - more guns in our schools will not make us safer. … In the totally, completely, totally, unlikely case Putin is in charge of U.S. foreign policy, it would go something like... … Separating families doesn't act as a deterrent, it's devastating for children and it cuts at the moral heart of who we are as a country. The Trump administration could stop this tomorrow if they wanted to. … Today I introduced a "100% Buy American" amendment to the NDAA, requiring 100% of the products purchased by the Defense Department to be made in America. If the government is spending taxpayer money, we should be supporting Americans manufacturers and creating jobs. Exciting news as the Hartford Line gets ready to open on Father's Day weekend. I've pushed hard for new investments in rail and this will be a game-changer for our state. … This chart is nuts. You can see exactly how much premiums went up in New York because of Republican sabotage. Because of their efforts to weaken the ACA, increases essentially doubled.pic.twitter.com/6b5Jj6sDmM Just FYI Republicans, when the United States is a banana republic in 10 years, how do you think you’ll feel about being silent when our President told his DoJ to start arresting his political opponents? … Instead of strengthening Medicare, Republicans passed a giant tax giveaway for corporations and the wealthiest Americans.   New reports now show the tax bill is causing the Medicare trust fund to dry up quicker than anticipated. … Great to have our Latino Leadership Academy graduates here in Washington! Thanks to my friend @SenCortezMasto for joining us.pic.twitter.com/rvbsGqs1R3 What? … If we want to keep our schools safe from gun violence, maybe we should consider looking at guns? … It's pretty straightforward - people are paying more for health insurance and it is directly attributable to the actions of Republicans in Washington. … Two more states released proposed premiums yesterday and the trend is the same - Republican sabotage is driving up costs for everyone. … Separating families is a Trump Administration policy. They put this horrific practice in place and they could reverse it tomorrow if they wanted to. … I get so frustrated when a witness (especially a Cabinet Secretary) won’t answer a simple question. There’s normally a reason they’re dodging. So today, when DeVos dodged, I just kept pushing. Watch. … Ugh. That wore me out. … The majority of gun dealers are responsible when they sell firearms. But why are we allowing sellers who routinely break the rules and sell weapons to criminals to keep operating? … Brilliant. … The idea of separating parents and children used to be unthinkable. Under this administration, the horrific has become routine. … Today's SCOTUS ruling denied anti-LGBTQ extremists the sweeping ‘license to discriminate’ they've been seeking. Our laws affirm that LGBTQ people are equal and have a right to be free from the indignity of discrimination. #OpenToAll Congratulations @ChrisMurphyCT on your successful efforts to bring @SecretaryCarson to CT to personally inspect our #crumblingfoundations crisis  …  Any assistance from the federal Govt. will be greatly appreciated! #WillingtonCT #quietcorner This is why I like Bill. Smart people work for him. … Not everything has to be partisan. Glad that @SecretaryCarson accepted my invite to come to Willington to see our crumbling foundations crisis up close. Here he is talking to the Perracchios (w the media in tow).pic.twitter.com/ijpM4Zu5qk Trump Foreign Policy 101:  U.S.: “Saudis, don’t invade Hodeidah. Terrible idea. Tons of civilians will die.”  Saudis: “We’re doing it.”  U.S.: “Please don’t. Could be catastrophic.”  Saudis: “We’re doing it anyway.”  U.S.: “Yea? Ok. Maybe we’ll help.” … When I raised concerns to Grenell about politicizing this post, he personally assured me that once he became Ambassador he would stay out of politics. This interview is awful - Ambassadors aren't supposed to "empower" any political party overseas. … Now we need to make sure families in the North End are able to get the housing they deserve and that no tenant has to go through something like this again. After hearing from residents about the abhorrent living conditions in the Clay Arsenal Apartments, I joined @RepJohnLarson to sound the alarm for HUD. I'm glad that this week, HUD announced they're going to do something about it. … I fought on the Appropriations Committee to fund the National Institute for Undersea Vehicle Technology at @UConn. Today, they're making big strides on advancing submarine technology.  … New apartments, new businesses and new restaurants all opening in downtown Bridgeport. I've fought hard in Congress for local development grants and it's great to see this revitalization in Bridgeport firsthand. … Proud to help secure funding for @NIH which supports life-saving research being conducted in Connecticut. … Everyone should take a minute today to read Mirian's story of being separated from her son at the border when she came to the U.S. seeking asylum.  Then ask yourself, is this the kind of country we want to be?    … #FamiliesBelongTogether Why do I #WearOrange?pic.twitter.com/gKnYMuveJ4 Dear Ben Carson: Your coming to the Perracchios’ home means a lot to Connecticut.  You are the first Cabinet member to show such concern.  You are giving homeowners hope that government really will help.  Please don’t let the families down. Our editorial:  …pic.twitter.com/lixMi5CJva "The magnitude of these increases stems largely from the repeal of the ACA's individual mandate, the expansion of skimpy short-term plans, and the decision last year to cut off the law's cost-sharing payments." … Big news for my Murphy Innovator of the Month Frequency Therapeutics - a $2M grant to research hearing loss caused by military service-related injuries … Special Counsel Mueller has indicted or secured guilty pleas from four former Trump advisers, 13 Russian nationals, three Russian companies, one California man, and one London-based lawyer. … 3/ No more boundless wars. This AUMF must have a geographic restriction. If the President wants to make war in a new country, that’s a serious decision and should require permission from Congress. 2/ Congress must retain the power to authorize war against new terrorist groups. This AUMF cannot outsource war making authority to the President. 1/ No more endless wars. This AUMF must include a sunset that forces Congress to re-evaluate the merits of the law after 3-5 years. As the Foreign Relations Committee readies to debate a new anti-terrorism Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), I would propose three non-negotiable items. Connecticut continues to lead the way on passing commonsense gun safety laws - today @GovMalloyOffice signed the bump stock ban into law. … When I got to Congress, support for Israel was one of the few issues that wasn’t partisan. Key elements of the GOP waged a deliberate campaign to change that, and now, sadly, they have the help of the US Ambassador. … I introduced the Aid to Homeowners with Crumbling Foundations Act which would provide @HUDgov grants to help families with remediation. I'll be working hard to get it passed in Congress. Glad that @SecretaryCarson accepted my invite to come to CT and see the damage of crumbling foundations firsthand. We need all hands on deck to help homeowners. … Health care voters turned out in Virginia and now 400,000 more people will have access to health insurance. Elections matter. Your votes matter. … My office is going to work closely with the state and local governments to try and help these communities get relief. If you are a homeowner who sustained damage, please submit your expenses to your local town hall as soon as possible. Met with homeowners and local officials in Hamden yesterday and saw their clean up efforts following the devastating storms that hit a few weeks ago. … Talked with local small business owners and Bridgeport @brbc community leaders in Downtown North this morning to hear from them about what I can do in Washington to help them grow their businesses and create jobs.pic.twitter.com/5QVPxwlrti The Trump administration asked for feedback on their new health care rules. What did they get?  “Basically anybody who knows anything about healthcare is opposed to these proposals” … At the Yard Goats game tonight and look who’s playing 2B for Harrisburg. Big leaguer Daniel Murphy!pic.twitter.com/zwoT41hpZQ Stopped by Frequency Therapeutics in Farmington to learn more about their work to help veterans regain hearing after service-related injuries. Their work is partly funded by a DoD grant that I helped to secure.pic.twitter.com/UXBct1qe9Z If you're a homeowner who sustained damage during the storm, please contact your city and town hall officials to report the cost for uninsured damages as soon as possible. Families in Hamden and across the state are still working to clean up following devastating storms. I visited with the Mayor and talked to folks on the ground about the damage and how my office can help.pic.twitter.com/GqDwRse4RN Alex Schachter practically lived in his @UConn sweatshirt and he dreamed of becoming a Husky one day. The scholarship established in his name will help other students realize that dream. … “In international relationships, every time you change, every time you break a promise, the country’s credibility is damaged.” - Hua Chunying, Spokesperson, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, on the White House’s decision on #China tariffs Heading to Hamden today to hear from local officials about storm clean up. I'm supporting the state's effort to obtain a federal disaster declaration to make sure Connecticut gets the help it needs. … Great visiting Richards Machine Tool Company in Newington along with students from New Britain High School to hear from employees and discuss my work to strengthen our Buy American laws and expand job training programspic.twitter.com/VWv5dB50G2 If you live in Connecticut and read one thing today, make it this. Upends some Nutmeg State conventional wisdom. … Stay focused.   Health care premiums, gas prices skyrocketing.   Immigrant kids ripped away from their parents.   The federal government morphing into a kleptocracy.   Wanna talk about Rosanne today? Fine. But tomorrow, let’s get back to work. Good win on #BuyAmerican last week - my provision to get the govt. to buy American-made drones passed in committee. It will improve national security and create jobs in the process. … 74 years after being wounded in combat, Hamden's Fred Baselice received three medals from @ChrisMurphyCT Monday  The government estimated that Hurricane Maria killed 64 people in Puerto Rico.  Today we learned that total could be more like 4,600 We should be ashamed of this treatment of American citizens in a time of crisis. … And 2+2=7  The mind blowing shamelessness of the lying today.... … Recently, provisions from my Recovery COACH Act were included in a bipartisan package of bills that will help address the opioid crisis. I'm hopeful that we can take this successful CT program and expand it nationwide. Stopped by @WindhamHosp to hear from recovery coaches, doctors, law enforcement and community leaders about the impacts of the opioid crisis in Connecticut and the work I'm doing in Washington to help combat it.pic.twitter.com/9pu4Giv0rj Pics from this weekend’s (rainy) Cheshire Memorial Day parade w the boys.pic.twitter.com/6Ho47T6YqM "What’s notable about this new spin — that Dems are to blame for the policy change — isn’t just that it’s flatly false on its face. It’s also that, by making this claim, Trump & the WH are basically admitting that their own policy is a moral abomination” … Sat down with veterans in Killingly for a coffeehouse chat this morning to discuss the work I'm doing for vets in Congress and hear what they want me to be working on in Washington.pic.twitter.com/SrFazZ2p6K By far the highlight of my Memorial Day weekend was presenting 101-year-old veteran Mr. Fred Baselice with long-deserved medals for his service in the U.S. Army. … When you keep giving a big middle finger to the rest of world, they start taking the hint. … Gorgeous morning here in Connecticut. Perfect for a long drive from Cheshire to Danielson. Starting the day in NE CT. It was great to be at the 82nd annual Hamden Memorial Day parade today!pic.twitter.com/zxP372i0lY On Memorial Day we pause to honor the men and women who gave their lives for our country. We remember their service and give thanks for the freedoms they fought to protect. LeBron was unreal. But the Celtics didn’t make any shots. And it’s hard to win if you miss that many shots.  Great season tho. #CavsCeltics This game seems to be coming down to LeBron James vs. Jayson Tatum. And unfortunately I know how that story ends. #CavsCeltics If you’re a sports fan and you’re not watching this....LeBron basically beating the Celtics all by himself so far. Crazy. Thanks to the great folks at the Rice Pot in New Haven for treating our family so well tonight. So much great Thai food in NH!pic.twitter.com/TO2raZ0sh5 C’mon guys. There is no law that needs to be changed.  Trump unilaterally changed the rules so that he could start separating these kids from their families. This is his evil. … Looking to get outside the Memorial Day Weekend? Check out some of Connecticut's state parks. They're fun and free for all CT residents. … I know these times have dulled our sense of outrage, but this is a moral abomination and Congress needs to respond. … Normal kids. Extraordinary courage.   Meet Ke’Shon, Liv, and Kayla – three high school students from Chicago and Parkland.   These are their stories. Well done, Louis! Thank you for all you do for the people of Eastern CT. … It shouldn't have taken us this long to change our broken system, but this week's vote is a step in the right direction.  … Even if you’re not a parent, it isn’t hard to imagine the mind bending horror of your child being ripped from your arms as she cries, screams, and begs the border guard to stop.   Please please don’t do this Mr. President.   THIS IS NOT WHO WE ARE. Empirically false.   In 37 nations where Pew surveys confidence in America, it’s fallen in 35 since Trump took office - in most counties by 30+ points.  Only Israel (up 7) and Russia (up 42) like America under Trump more. … Great work by Waterbury students ahead of Memorial Day … Why are insurance premiums going up? Because of deliberate Republican efforts to sabotage the health care system. … Disclaimer, on White House Gift Shop website, for those who ordered $24.95 Trump-Kim summit coins.pic.twitter.com/zlrfFUJINX Republicans knew that repealing the individual mandate would drive up costs.   They knew selling junk plans would drive up costs.   They did it anyway.  And now, families across the country are paying the price. … There is so much more we can do to keep our kids safe from gun violence. Must-read from @NickKristof on 10 proposals we can tackle right now. … Families across Connecticut are still recovering from last week's the devastating storms. I'm going to do whatever I can to work with the state to help these towns get cleaned up and make sure families are made whole. … Why should you care about Yemen? I sat down with @FullFrontalSamB on last night's episode to explain. … If you’re like me, and worried this sudden, out of nowhere surge of Noeth Korea “diplomacy” was just an effort to check a box before moving to unauthorized military action, today is a really, really bad day. Do you have questions about #DACA renewals? @UnitedWeDream is here to answer them. Check out   to learn more. #HereToStay Beautiful morning for baseball practice. Charity congressional game in a few weeks. I think I injured myself in 7 different places so far this season.pic.twitter.com/2WDc3wYLnI I spoke to @FullFrontalSamB about U.S. involvement in the war in Yemen & how that has exacerbated the humanitarian crisis there. Tune in tonight at 10:30pm ET to watch on @TBSNetwork On the Appropriations Committee I’m fighting every day for funding to grow manufacturing jobs at big companies like @UTC and the hundreds of smaller suppliers that support their work. Great news from @UTC as they plan to expand their workforce and create thousands of new jobs in Connecticut. … Patients deserve complete, accurate and unbiased information to make decisions with their doctor. This gag rule is an attack on women's basic rights. … Congrats to the @USCGAcademy Class of 2018 on your graduation today! You make Connecticut and our nation proud.pic.twitter.com/OnP1VYerXo Families in Connecticut could see their premiums go up by $1,155. All because of Republican efforts to sabotage the health care system. … Only in America.  …pic.twitter.com/aesPgJ0jSL I'm heading down to the Senate floor to deliver a Voices of Victims speech in the wake of yet another tragic school shooting. I've done this more than 50 times since I've been in the U.S. Senate. I'm going to keep doing it until we change our gun laws. I did the #ALSPepperChallenge to raise money for @ALSTDI in honor of Westport's own Patty Haberstroh. You're next @SenBlumenthal, @CoryBooker and @GenoAjustsayin.  …pic.twitter.com/KeOnhmKlWG I'm at the @ForumArmsTrade talking about the effects of global arms trade on our national security. Watch live:  … 