Senator @ChrisVanHollen: I am disgusted by the fact that these brave women come forward, and instead of launching a fair investigation, Republicans are rushing to judge the women. It’s time for Brett Kavanaugh to be withdrawn. #BelieveSurvivors #MenForChoicepic.twitter.com/Gf9BsaMVMr Look who dropped by the Senate today: Maryland’s Principal of the Year—Mildred Charley-Greene! We discussed her work in schools, the need for great teachers, and how we hope President Trump will sign legislation this week to boost education funding.pic.twitter.com/8vpax64ZwH It’s clear that Republicans don't want an impartial FBI investigation into the very serious and credible allegations made against Judge Kavanaugh. And he won’t ask for one. Given their refusal to search for the truth, Kavanaugh’s nomination should be withdrawn. In a rather dim week in the Senate, it is always so wonderful meeting with Marylanders. I am so incredibly lucky to represent such inspiring, hardworking, and thoughtful citizens—your passionate grassroots activism keeps me going!pic.twitter.com/quU7rDDxCJ Maryland, today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay. In the words of my dear friend, @RepJohnLewis, “The vote is precious. It is almost sacred. It’s the most powerful nonviolent tool we have in a democratic society, and we’ve got to use it.” Register here:  Trump said that corporations would invest their tax cut savings in new factories, equipment, and $4,000 pay raises. But instead, most of those savings are going towards $700B+ in stock buybacks for wealthy stockholders. And foreign stockholders own 35% of US corporate stock!pic.twitter.com/ZM6llXQs7a Bringing the C&O Canal Headquarters to Williamsport is a win-win for the park and the Williamsport community. This agreement is the product of years of discussions between local, state, and federal partners, and I’m pleased we could work together to make this proposal a reality. … We should not be voting this week or anytime in the “near future” until we know the truth behind the multiple sexual assault allegations against Kavanagh. This is highly irresponsible and reckless leadership from McConnell. … I support @SenFeinstein's request to delay the Kavanagh hearing until the very serious and credible allegations against him are investigated by the FBI. There is no rush and if there's nothing to hide, Senate Republicans should be encouraging a thorough investigation as well. Senate Republicans are refusing to allow an impartial FBI investigation into Dr. Ford’s serious and credible allegations. Now, as she and her family receive death threats, they refuse to allow her to testify Thursday. The American people will not stand for this shameful conduct. This week marks a year since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico. Yet Trump is obsessed with denying the death toll instead of fixing the problems that remain. We must show our fellow Americans that they aren’t alone and we will help them rebuild. … Congress created @HUDgov in 1965 to create strong, sustainable, inclusive communities and quality affordable homes for all Americans. It should not be used as a political tool to hire Republican campaign operatives with no experience whatsoever in housing policy. … The President regularly decries anonymous sources in the New York Times—he cannot now use them as a pretext to fire Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein and install someone who will pledge loyalty to Trump before the Constitution and derail the Special Counsel’s investigation. This week, I found out that the Trump Administration is paying to detain immigrant children by cutting MILLIONS of dollars from programs that support cancer research, maternal care, women’s shelters, education programs, refugee services, and much more. Here’s what I told @Yahoo: … It’s not just cruel for Trump to end all aid to Palestinian civilians. His actions will fuel extremism, threaten Israel’s security, and reduce the chance of a peace agreement. I’m proud to join with 33 senators to demand that the President reverse course. … The Trump Tax Travesty has given a windfall to big corporations and their stockholders—35% of whom are foreign investors. Trump promised his tax cuts would bring $5T back to our economy, but so far 97% of that is missing! And taxpayers are now stuck with a $1.8T ↑ in our debt. … I’ve been in touch with local authorities about the shooting in Harford County. My heart is with the families and victims of those impacted. But words are not enough, we must do more to end the toll of gun violence in our communities. … The facts from the CBO are clear: we’ll have a major increase in deficits as a direct result of the GOP tax plan. $1.8 trillion to be exact. Now the House GOP is trying to pass more tax cuts for the rich with no plan to pay for them. So much for their concern about the deficit!pic.twitter.com/x3M2veghJP The Senate Judiciary Committee should learn the lessons from 1991 when Anita Hill bravely spoke out. We should not let history repeat itself—a fair, neutral, and well-thought-out investigation is the only way to approach this serious issue. … ZTE has misled federal investigators and violated U.S. laws, and their behavior is a threat to our national security. Trump let them off the hook, but the least Congress can do is ensure that ZTE face stiff penalties if they violate the deal they cut. Our bill will do just that. … Good news: We got full funding for the STAR Act. This law helps address the unique barriers to studying childhood cancer that are slowing down and preventing the next breakthrough in treatment. Thanks to all the advocates, big and small, who helped make this happen!pic.twitter.com/qdJxlx8CSQ After Citizens United opened the floodgates to secret, outside spending—we refused to give up the fight. Today's Supreme Court decision is a win for increased transparency. It will help shine a light on the special interests trying to influence our elections. … You are an honorary Marylander in my eyes, @astraughnomer! … Disaster relief is about saving lives and helping communities recover, not for eliciting attention and claiming credit. An estimated 2,975 people died in Puerto Rico. That’s not “ranting”—that’s the truth, Mr. President. … Last Friday, U.S. Senator @ChrisVanHollen visited @MHDetox to acknowledge Carol Boyer's role in the SAMHSA Recovery Month Planning Committee, in addition to speaking with Dominic Sirianni, David Stup & Scott Dehorty about how to improve healthcare for Maryland residents.pic.twitter.com/VGH40uDg6w As part of National Recovery Month, I visited the Maryland House Detox—the first and only freestanding, 24/7 inpatient detox center in our state. I had the opportunity to talk to folks on the front lines and discuss the Senate Opioid Crisis Response Act—which just passed tonight. … I was glad to participate in the grand opening of the Shiloh Village Apartments in West Baltimore. This project will provide affordable housing and services to many in need. Trump proposed cutting the program that helped fund this project. The good news: we stopped him.pic.twitter.com/nym6xqelUr Christine Blasey Ford has come forward with serious and credible allegations of assault that should be investigated. Should Ms. Ford seek to testify, she should be given that opportunity. Until then, the vote on Kavanaugh should be put on hold. I’m proud to have introduced the Housing Voucher Mobility Demonstration Act with @SenToddYoung. This bipartisan housing program will help identify the most effective ways to connect low-income families to better housing, schools, transportation, and jobs. … Really disappointed that Republican leadership caved to the Trump Administration and watered down my Turkey F-35 provision in the in the FY19 Defense Appropriations Act. This language is fuzzy and does not go far enough. Will keep holding the Pentagon’s feet to the fire. In case you missed it: Earlier this week, Kevin Hassett made this bizarre claim that somehow corporate tax cuts were paying for themselves despite obvious data that corporate tax payments have dropped by 30%. … History is made! Today is the first time the full Congress has appropriated funds specifically to pay Congressional interns. A huge win for bipartisanship, diversity and economic opportunity in our government! #PayOurInterns #InternsPaidpic.twitter.com/z90Td4xx1K Looking at this executive order, it’s clear that it doesn't go far enough—we must do more to protect our democracy. The clock is ticking. The Senate must pass the #DETERAct. Don’t just take it from me, experts agree ↓pic.twitter.com/LO5nDCqnXH We remain woefully underprepared to secure the upcoming elections, and an executive order is simply no substitute for congressional action, such as the strong measures included in the bipartisan DETER Act. … Planned Parenthood chose Dr. Leana Wen, Baltimore's health commissioner, to be its new president as it fends off conservative attacks  For years, I’ve worked closely with @DrLeanaWen as she led the Baltimore City Health Department. She has a proven track record of looking out for women’s health and reproductive rights—and standing up to the Trump Administration. I know she’ll do the same at @PlannedParenthood. … Protecting our elections from foreign attacks is one of the most pressing issues facing our country. President Trump’s executive order recognizes the threat but does not go far enough. With only 55 days until the midterm elections, the only real solution is to pass the #DETERAct. … The @washingtonpost editorial board has it right: we’re running out of time to prevent Russia from attacking our democracy in the midterms. Putin must understand that interference will be met with automatic punishing sanctions. Congress must pass the #DETERAct without delay. … This week @antonioguterres warned that the ‘direct existential threat’ of climate change nears a point of no return. Trump’s response? Making the problem worse by rolling back rules that curb methane emissions. We need a Congress that will end this madness. … Mr. President, an estimated 2,975 Americans died in Puerto Rico and the island is still recovering from Hurricane Maria. It was not an incredible success—it was a tragedy. As we face this Hurricane Florence, I hope you have learned the lessons needed to save lives this time. … While there’s more work to be done, last week the Senate passed a bill I cosponsored to end an outrageous “gag rule” that can prevent pharmacists from telling their customers how to pay the lowest price for their prescription drugs. Now the House must vote! … Too many veterans in Montgomery County have had to sit for hours in traffic and travel to other areas to get access to health care. After working on this issue for over a decade—I was glad to participate in the grand opening of a community-based outpatient clinic in Gaithersburg! … On September 11th, our whole world changed in ways that none of us could have anticipated. However, through the darkness, the American spirit took hold—our sense of security may have been violated, but our fighting spirit and the will to fight back took center stage. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/m4XSK3P5mE While the exact path of Hurricane Florence is unclear, Governor Hogan has already declared a state of emergency and I’m urging all Marylanders to please stay alert and stock up on essentials. Find out more from @MDMEMA: … On my visit to Western Maryland, I stopped by the new Wholesome Harvest Cooperative, which will soon officially open to provide more high-quality, locally grown food options to the Frostburg community. I even got to buy some local pear butter and maple syrup!pic.twitter.com/NG7rir1fU6 We owe it to our first responders to ensure they have the very best equipment. That's why @SenatorCardin and I visited the Frostburg Fire Department to announce $3M in federal funds for Allegany County’s firefighters. Thanks to our first responders for being on the front lines!pic.twitter.com/hKvIWcJj4P Who says senators can’t tend bar too? Great to get off Capitol Hill to join Marylanders in the  tent at the Deep Creek Lake, Art, Wine, and Beer Festival—which helps raise awareness for charities around the area and celebrates the work of local artists and small businesses.pic.twitter.com/nKsG1uj3OS Participated in the opening of @GarrettCollege’s STEM building. This project, with a funding boost from the Appalachian Regional Commission, shows the importance of government partnerships. Ben and I also tried out our robotic skills, but we probably shouldn’t quit our day jobs.pic.twitter.com/QyMRmqHiA4 It has been a nearly year since @BrianSchatz and I sat down to discuss the Equifax breach—yet not much has changed. @SenateDems have introduced multiple bills to hold credit reporting agencies accountable but the GOP has refused to take action. American consumers deserve better.pic.twitter.com/sRi2oHgqlG In what universe does an American president relish the praise and flattery of brutal dictators like Kim Jong Un? Apparently in the same universe in which Trump handpicked a Supreme Court nominee with an extreme view of unchecked presidential powers. … These “secret” Kavanagh documents reveal critical information about his views on Roe v. Wade, including the fact that he challenged the accuracy of the idea that it is settled law. That’s not what he told Republican Senator Susan Collins. Which is it? And what else is he hiding? … We have a SCOTUS nominee who believes that presidents should not be investigated. We also have an unstable President who says the Mueller investigation is a “Witch Hunt.” Come on—it’s not hard to see why Trump will do anything to get Kavanaugh confirmed. Today a court is hearing arguments in Texas v. U.S.—a lawsuit that threatens protections for people with pre-existing conditions. It's telling that it is the same day as the Kavanaugh hearing. Trump committed to nominate justices who would strike down the ACA. We must speak out. … Today Sheryl Sandberg and Jack Dorsey will testify at the Intel Committee about ongoing efforts to attack our elections. REMINDER: there is a bipartisan bill to prevent foreign attacks on our future elections. With the midterms just 62 days away, Congress must pass the #DETERAct.pic.twitter.com/JthBo5nBhC Before kicking off a busy week on Capitol Hill, I had the opportunity to start the week with students from Tulip Grove Elementary School for their first day back at school! Thanks for having me, @pgcps. #PGCPS1stDaypic.twitter.com/qp4UpVHTw1 Just walked up to Judge Kavanaugh as morning session ended.  Put out my hand to introduce myself as Jaime Guttenberg's dad.  He pulled his hand back, turned his back to me and walked away.  I guess he did not want to deal with the reality of gun violence. Like the President who nominated him, Kavanaugh has not been shy about falling in line with the gun lobby. And, in turn, they have spent millions of dollars on advertisements to support his nomination. … I remember what it was like before Roe. I know how dangerous it was. When I was at Stanford, we passed a plate to collect money so a friend could get an abortion in Tijuana. Another woman became pregnant unintentionally. She killed herself. We can’t go back. #WhatsAtStake 96% of Kavanaugh’s records are missing. @CoryBooker is right: You wouldn’t hire an intern if you’ve only seen less than 10% of their resume—so why is the Senate expected to vote on a Supreme Court nominee without fully reviewing his entire record? There’s no better time than today to remind people that Kavanaugh has a long history of assailing pro-worker rulings. If confirmed to the Supreme Court, he would clearly side with powerful monied interests over fair pay and worker’s rights. #LaborDay … This #LaborDay, as we celebrate all that American workers have accomplished—we must keep fighting for: ➙ A higher minimum wage ➙ Equal pay for equal work ➙ An economy that expands and strengthens the middle class ➙ Paid sick leave ➙ Stronger protections for workerspic.twitter.com/RVAghixO6a Cutting US humanitarian assistance to the Palestinian people and ending support for refugee children in UNRWA schools is part of Trump’s sick delusion that he can grind people into submission. This retreat from American leadership only empowers violent extremists. … Katherine, and I paid our respects to John McCain at the National Cathedral today. That he chose Barack Obama and George W. Bush to eulogize him—who both defeated him in presidential elections—is a testament to John’s determination that we put aside divisions and work together. Another attack on our federal workforce from the President. Trump would rather add $2 trillion to the debt with his tax giveaway to wealthy corporate CEOs than give a simple cost-of-living raise to hardworking civil servants. I will be fighting back hard against this! … Secretary @BetsyDevosED, I’m joining over 40 Senators to urge you to abandon your dangerous plan to use federal education funds to arm teachers. Your job is to look out for our kids and schools—not to do the bidding of the NRA and gun lobby. This is nuts. … It’s good that GDP is up—but don’t believe the false narrative that all Americans are reaping the benefits. Real wages have ↓ because costs have ↑ faster than workers’ paychecks. Trump promised a $4,000 raise for workers but instead he increased our debt to give $$ to the rich. … On this day in 1955, Emmett Till was brutally lynched in Mississippi. He was only 14-years-old, and his life was cut short because of the color of his skin. We must remember that heartbreak and keep pushing for a more just world. Let’s pass the Victims of Lynching Act.pic.twitter.com/m4Mt5GGSxL Just in: Despite efforts by the Administration to dodge the truth, @GSA_OIG sent us a report confirming that Trump was in previously undisclosed meetings about the relocation of the FBI HQ. And despite telling Congress the plan changed to save money, the numbers don't add up. … Just in: Despite efforts by the Administration to dodge the truth, @GSA_OIG sent us a report confirming that Trump was in previously undisclosed meetings about the relocation of the FBI HQ. And despite telling Congress the plan changed to save money, the numbers don't add up. … From undercutting consumer protection laws to shielding bad actors, this Administration continues to throw students under the bus to protect powerful special interests. Seth is right, Mulvaney and Trump have turned their backs on young people and their financial futures. … John McCain’s passion and determination were unsurpassed in the Senate, and his moral compass was unfailing. His passing will be felt deeply throughout the Senate and the country. My prayers go out to his friends, family, and constituents during this time—you are in our hearts. Here’s some good news! This ruling is an important victory for the federal workers who stood up to the Trump Administration’s attack on their right to a safe and fair workplace. If the President continues to attack our civil servants, I will keep fighting for them in the Senate. … We have a Supreme Court nominee with an extreme view of presidential power who, if confirmed, could effectively bail out Trump. I’ve said it before and I’ll say again—in light of Cohen and Manafort being found guilty we must postpone the Kavanaugh hearings! Today I led @EPWDems in demanding documents from Brett Kavanaugh’s time in the White House pertaining to his environmental record. We can’t possibly carry out our constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on this #SCOTUS nominee without a full picture of #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/JnY5T3AlHf Bethesda native and @TakeoutPodcast fan @ChrisPerezAHCG invited @MajorGarrett to tape an episode on his deck. So this week, we did! We talked policy, politics, and the Trump Administration over @rocklandsbbq and @FlyingDog. Listen to the full episode →  pic.twitter.com/b7yrYeOmoy John McCain has played a pivotal role in the Senate and helped shape recent chapters of American history. As we keep him in our prayers, we should use his courage, integrity, and decency as a model for how we conduct business on Capitol Hill and serve our country. According to IAFF, cancer is considered the leading cause of line-of-duty death among fire fighters. Yesterday, the Senate passed $2M in funding the newly-created Firefighter Cancer Registry. It is an important step forward to better understanding—and combating—this health risk. I couldn’t agree more, Mark. We voted this measure down today, but it won’t be the last time there’s a partisan attack on women’s health. We must keep the public aware about what’s at stake if we don’t protect funding for Planned Parenthood. … Good news, this ↓ bill just passed the full Senate. We will not allow Turkey to put the national security of the United States and our allies at risk. … Protecting our earth isn’t about politics. It’s about making sure our grandkids are able to breathe our air and drink our water. We must all speak out against the Trump's decision to gut the Clean Power Plan. Supply yourself with the facts, tune in ↓ … It's outrageous that Trump continues to cozy up to a regime that calls for the death penalty for peaceful activists seeking basic human rights! Time to stand up against those who want to hide their despotism through fake talk of reform. … This is nuts. At time when our children need more academic support in schools, Betsy DeVos is considering diverting education funds to buy guns and arm teachers.  She is supposed to be leading the Deptartment of Education, not the NRA. We must stop this dangerous idea! … Today, the Rules Committee was set to vote on the Secure Elections Act, including my plan with @SenatorCardin to keep our adversaries from secretly investing in our voting infrastructure. But Republican leadership stopped the bill dead in its tracks. Shameful—we’ll keep fighting. … President Trump is telling folks not to trust the statements of his long-time personal lawyer Michael Cohen. But Cohen has testified under penalty of perjury while Trump has refused. Mr. President, why are you so afraid to testify under oath to Mueller? Turkey buying the Russian S-400 missile defense system would threaten the security of our F-35 aircraft and let Putin collect critical intelligence on us. We must pass my provision in the defense bill this week to block the F-35 delivery until Turkey ends its deal with Russia. … The Microsoft and Facebook reports should be a rallying cry for the Senate to pass the bipartisan #DETERAct. We’ve got 76 days to go until the 2018 elections. My goodness, if we can’t work together to safeguard the integrity of our democracy in that time—then shame on us.pic.twitter.com/SdSZRbrUIK This has never been a witch hunt or a hoax—today’s guilty verdict of Manafort and the plea deal of Cohen show that these investigations are uncovering real wrongdoing. It's more important than ever to stand up for the rule of law and protect the integrity of these investigations. We see the mounting costs of climate change in the disastrous floods in Ellicott City and extreme weather events that put life and property at risk. Yet Trump is again doing the bidding of powerful special interests and we will pay the price. Mr. President, see you in court! … The clock is ticking and the Senate has got to immediately pass the bipartisan #DETERAct to secure our midterm elections from foreign interference.pic.twitter.com/UxmaRdBfyV As members of the Environment and Public Works Committee, @SenatorCardin and I teamed with @RepCummings to hold a field hearing examining recovery efforts in Ellicott City and discussing ways to prevent future storms from causing the same kind of flooding and devastation.pic.twitter.com/tsDJZOtUTP Alongside @MorganStateU, @JohnsHopkins, @Bloomberg, and @CCBCMD, I had the opportunity to join the @GS10KSmallBiz graduation in Baltimore. I look forward to working with Maryland’s entrepreneurs to help them overcome challenges and achieve their dreams.pic.twitter.com/dZKw87hg3g Aretha Franklin captured the essence of the American spirit, and she inspired generations through her music and her fierce activism for civil rights. @BarackObama had it right when he said, “American history wells up when Aretha sings.” Rest in power, Aretha!pic.twitter.com/6CjNZeZPyE Xiomara may be only 4 years old, but she is a strong and determined, and I’m honored to be introducing her mom @ElenaHung202 who will tell us about their story and why we cannot stop fighting for millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. Watch ↓ … It was great visiting with Xiomara in my office earlier this summer. And I’m glad that she’s back with her Mom to fight back against GOP efforts to sabotage our health care system. I’ll be introducing @ElenaHung202, tune in live right here on Twitter. … Trump also is reviewing security clearances of James Clapper, James Comey, Michael Hayden, Sally Yates, Susan Rice, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.   What do they have in common? They're political critics of Trump. Looks like a Trump blacklist. President Trump is now categorizing dissent and free speech as “erratic behavior.” Brennan has served our country with distinction and raised serious concerns about this Administration’s policies. Leaders behave like this in dictatorships, not democracies. … Couldn’t agree more, @RepCummings. This language from the President of the United States is entirely unacceptable. He is sullying the office more and more by the day. When are those Senate Republicans who are not retiring going to stand up for common decency? … Despite all the hype from the GOP about their tax scam, here are the real facts from the CBO: economic growth is expected to slow down significantly, while the budget deficit grows by 25% to more than $1 trillion per year. Meanwhile, middleclass families are being squeezed.pic.twitter.com/QoXXGDEu0z We must stand up against racism, neo-nazism, and white supremacy in all their forms. That is why we must never remain silent in the face of the the hate spewed by racists and right-wing extremists in Charlottesville a year ago or the “Unite the Right” rally tonight in Washington.pic.twitter.com/vB4oVYW6Km For decades, FBI and GSA have told us FBI needs a new, more secure HQ. The Admin’s abrupt decision to change course on this matter should be fully explained, including Trump’s involvement. We cannot ignore that Trump Hotel stands to gain from the new plan. … We must protect the security of our election systems. That’s why I’ve asked the Depart. of Treasury to investigate the relationship between ByteGrid — the company running MD voter registration — and AltPoint, whose largest investor is a Russian oligarch. … This is a brazen, outrageous reaction to Canada’s call for Saudis to free political prisoners. We must all stand with Canada and send a clear, unequivocal message to Riyadh that the world won’t tolerate their double-talk on women’s rights.  They couldn’t meet the court-ordered deadline, so the Trump Administration is now asking a nonprofit to fix the disaster that Trump created in the first place. That’s not the @ACLU’s job. This Administration took children from their parents and they need to reunite them. Now! … Another attack on consumers and our environment. Reducing fuel efficiency means consumers will pay $64B+ more for gas and spew billons of metric tons of pollution into our atmosphere—further cooking our planet. We will fight them in the Congress and courts! … The WH briefing today made clear—it’s time to pass the #DETERAct. If President Trump is serious about protecting our midterm elections, he should announce his support for this bipartisan bill I introduced with @marcorubio to deter Putin and Russia from interfering. … Bolton’s response fails to address any of our concerns. It also doesn’t ask @SenateGOP to reconsider their position blocking critical funding requested by 21 states to bolster election security ahead of the midterms. Threats to our democracy should be taken more seriously. … It's shameful that the @SenateGOP did not allow a vote on our emergency bill to prevent the publishing of blueprints to use 3D printing to make plastic guns, but glad that a federal judge issued a temporary restraining order. But the fight is not over. We must demand a vote! … On top of the Trump tweets asking the AG to obstruct justice—he is still sabotaging protections for people with pre-existing health conditions, giving tax cuts to billionaires, offshoring American jobs and attempting to shut down the government. Keep fighting to stop the madness! As the @SenateBanking Committee prepares to consider Kathy Kraninger’s nomination to head the @CFPB, her lack of qualifications and unwillingness to provide answers leaves members with more questions than ever.pic.twitter.com/3TWUAzGH9Y Asking families dependent on Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to pay for tax breaks for the wealthiest among us—as Trump and Republicans in Congress are asking us to do—is shameful. @MartinHeinrich and I lay out why. Read more ↓  Visited @somdelectric, a customer-owned cooperative. Thanks to their team for showing me an emergency training exercise, taking me to one of their solar farms, and giving me a look at the operations center where they control the electricity that flows to homes and businesses.pic.twitter.com/GLhidDz0IJ I spent some time at the College of Southern Maryland and had a good conversation with President Murphy about the challenges facing community colleges today. Congress just updated the federal Perkins Program, and I look forward to finding more ways to help students in Maryland.pic.twitter.com/jJRDF9l76t I’m on the Senate floor to urge my Republican colleagues to support emergency legislation to block the Trump Administration’s plan to allow Americans to print 3D guns, the time to take action is now! … Pathetic. Trump is asking the NRA for permission to stop a decision made by his own Administration. 1,000+ have already signed up to download plans to print a 3D AR-15. @SenBillNelson and I are filling emergency legislation and calling for a vote today to block this. … At a time when wages are stagnant, the wealthy are doing better than ever, and the GOP budget slashes Medicare and Medicaid—it’s outrageous that Trump wants to bypass Congress and give a $100B tax break to the rich. 86% of the benefit from this goes to the top 1%. What a scam! … I spoke with @sbg1 over at the @NewYorkerRadio about why Congress needs to pass the bipartisan #DETERAct to stand up to Putin and send a clear message that we will not stand by silently as Putin continues to attack our elections. Listen here ↓ … The GOP told us that their tax plan was going to give workers a raise. Instead, we are seeing huge payouts for corporate executives. Having added $2 trillion to the debt, the GOP budget now calls for cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and other critical programs. … Trump has an obsession with renovating the FBI HQ at its current location—despite recommendations to find a more secure location. Could it be a new hotel there would eat into the profits of the nearby Trump Hotel? We should put the security of FBI before Trump's pocketbook! … I've joined @ChrisVanHollen, @SenRubioPress & others to sponsor bipartisan #election security legislation. Our bill would harden our defenses against future attacks and impose serious sanctions against hostile foreign powers meddling in future elections.pic.twitter.com/JYCZyeh1er A bill meant to warn Russia against meddling in any future federal elections is gaining support on the Hill.   Catch @kasie's interview with @ChrisVanHollen, who introduced that bill, tonight on @MSNBC 7-9pm.pic.twitter.com/hRw0TGmBmh On Father’s Day, I visited the Port Isabel Detention Center. The stories I heard there were gut-wrenching. In light of the Trump Administration missing the deadline to reunite immigrant families, @SenateDems came together to read a letter from 54 parents at the detention center.pic.twitter.com/OOgfEjWWoY Don’t forget: Trump’s SCOTUS litmus test is a willingness to overturn key parts of the ACA. Texas v. United States, a case that threatens protections for pre-existing conditions, is working its way through the courts right now. We must speak out, stop Kavanaugh, and save the ACA.pic.twitter.com/7xhnEqRrRT We’re hearing that about 463 parents were removed without their children—and the @ACLU is sounding the alarm that some of these parents were misled and didn’t consent to being sent home without their kids. This is wrong, we must fight back. … Today marks the court-ordered deadline for the Trump Administration to reunify immigrant children with their parents. Each day these children are left to fend for themselves adds to their trauma. So please, keep speaking out and making your voices heard.pic.twitter.com/QN4eotHS3c Lighthizer has spoken about China’s efforts to steal U.S. technology. But he had no answer about why Trump let one of the worst actors, ZTE, off the hook. ZTE stole our technology, poses an espionage threat, and violated our sanctions. Why did Trump cave to President Xi?pic.twitter.com/cvQmyaPZaW This is a shameful move that plays right into Putin’s hands. Both Republicans and Democrats should be doing everything in our power to get to the bottom of Russian interference in our election. Impeaching Rosenstein runs counter to that and would trigger a constitutional crisis. … Trump constantly belittles hardworking federal workers and his Executive Orders attack our nation’s merit-based civil service system. It’s more important than ever for us to stand together to support our civil servants. Tune in and RT to spread the word.  If you can’t pass a background check, you shouldn’t be able to get a gun—not from a store, from a gun show, or from parts you printed on a 3D printer and assembled at home. But Trump has made it easier to print and own a 3D gun without a background check—we must fight back! … I've asked HHS to let me visit the sites in MD that are holding kids who've been separated from their parents. HHS has refused. I've joined @RonWyden’s bill to give us the right to access these facilities—but will keep fighting to gain immediate access. RT to spread the word. Trump's trade war is hurting farmers by taking away their ability to sell their products abroad and now he wants to provide a taxpayer-funded bailout to try to clean up his mess. American farmers prefer trade, not taxpayer aid. … Trump has already forgotten that Putin told the world in Helsinki that he was rooting for Trump—and he got what he wanted. But if Trump wants to get tough on Russia and stop them from interfering in the midterms, he should support the #DETERAct that Sen. Rubio and I introduced. … Picking up steam—two more bipartisan cosponsors of the #DETERAct! Glad to have @SenatorCollins and @SenBlumenthal joining us to send a clear message to Putin: If you attack American candidates, campaigns, or our voting infrastructure—you will face severe consequences. … My heart goes out to Nathan’s family and loved ones during this difficult time. He was a hero who risked his life for others and will be missed. … This is not a show of strength—it’s a sign of weakness. Unhinged tweets from the Oval Office undermine our credibility. Trump’s precarious state of mind should alarm everyone—Republicans and Democrats alike. The White House is in desperate need of adult supervision. … Despite bipartisan support to put American national security before jobs in China, Republican leadership refused to take any real, substantive action on ZTE. Instead, they joined President Trump in bowing to Beijing. It’s weak and shameful. … Our bipartisan #DETERAct with @ChrisVanHollen -which would automatically impose crippling sanctions on #Russia if #Putin interferes in our elections again- is gaining momentum. We added another 4 Democrat & 4 GOP cosponsors yesterday. More on the way.  Another analysis, filled with data instead of just rhetoric, about how the GOP tax plan has done absolutely nothing for American workers. Contrary to the hype that has been pushed by Trump and my Republican colleagues, wages actually fell shortly after the tax scam passed. … The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting a different result. Just yesterday, our Director of National Intelligence said he wished Trump hadn’t met alone with Putin. Why on Earth would it be a good idea for him to do it AGAIN at the White House? My trip to the border confirmed my worst fears about Trump’s family separation policy. Since then, 2,500+ children have yet to be reunited with their families. Yet, when I asked Kathy Kraninger about her views on that policy—which she helped oversee at the OMB—she didn't answer.pic.twitter.com/aKAiumUfaH It’s not just Maria, or Diego and Lizandro—its countless others in our state and country. We’ve seen the human impact of this Administration's cruel immigration policy. Call on every Republican senator to join us to stop Trump from tearing apart innocent families. Speak out! This comes after brothers Diego and Lizandro Claros Saravia were deported. They were vital members of our community, beloved by their local soccer club, and Lizandro even planned to go to college here on a soccer scholarship. … Maria Marta Rodriguez is the latest example. She escaped an abusive relationship in Honduras to provide a better life for her kids. She has worked in our community, paid her taxes, and raised her children in our state. She was deported today. … Trump’s cruel immigration policy is hurting families across Maryland—people who are our neighbors, go to school with our kids and work in our local businesses. They are suddenly being deported, often facing extreme violence and turmoil at home. Bound’s past writings exposed deeply troubling opinions. And today, with the help of @SenatorTimScott, the Senate said no to his nomination. We MUST review all of Kavanaugh’s papers, and remember just a handful of Republicans can make a difference in this Supreme Court fight. … Russia’s interference in our elections cannot be dismissed or ignored. I’m joining this bipartisan effort that puts country over party, stands up for our democracy and will send a powerful message to bad actors like Putin. #DETERActpic.twitter.com/B3hDS7WCaF Congress must stand united against Russian interference in our elections. This is bigger than party. It’s time for all Americans to stand up for our democracy. #DETERActpic.twitter.com/ymM8WxMg1I Momentum building! 8 of our colleagues have joined @MarcoRubio and I in cosponsoring the #DETERAct—@MarkWarner, @SenCoryGardner, @SenatorBaldwin, @LindseyGrahamSC, @ChrisCoons, @SenSasse, @SenatorCantwell, and @ChuckGrassley. Our democracy is at risk, and we must take action.pic.twitter.com/QI8fix0w3Z By restricting the SALT deduction the Tax Bill will cost Marylanders $1.7 billion this year. We are fighting it. … Instead of standing up to Russia for interfering in our elections, the President is using his closed-door meetings with Putin to threaten our diplomats, like @McFaul. In America, we protect our citizens against hostile foreign powers—not the other way around. … WATCH: After the #GOPTaxScam, corporations have announced more than $600 billion in corporate stock buybacks in 2018. But the Fed’s long-term growth projection hasn’t changed. Via @ChrisVanHollenpic.twitter.com/loIUXiBrsR Glad @BrianFrosh is fighting back against the GOP tax scam’s cap on the state and local tax deduction—which hits homeowners hard and undermines investments in transportation and education. Over 376,000 Maryland families get tax hikes under the new tax law if we don't fight back! … Trump made it easier for foreign donors to funnel secret money into nonprofits—the same week a Russian national, who was linked to the NRA, was arrested for attempting to influence our elections. We need more transparency, not a toxic cloud of secret special interest spending. … On the Senate floor to talk about the urgent need to pass the bipartisan DETER Act after the Trump-Putin meeting. Tune in live ↓ … Glad to see growing momentum around the bipartisan DETER Act. Congress needs to protect the integrity of our democratic process and take a clear stand on the issue of Russian interference in our elections. … It’s time for @SenateGOP to come clean about the fact that their tax scam is just a massive giveaway to wealthy executives and billionaires. The proof is in the numbers. Since it passed, corporations have announced more than $600B in buybacks! That's not helping working families.pic.twitter.com/kSGgL92fix **If you’re a billionaire or a foreign stockholder who is riding high from corporate stock buybacks. Set to hit $1 trillion by the end of the year! … Since Trump is behaving like he works for Putin, Congress must take action to protect our democracy. Let’s pass the DETER Act to send a clear message to Russia: if you attack our elections, you will face severe consequences. Speak out—the future of our democracy depends on it.pic.twitter.com/CgpJRZ38vT Exactly. Even Trump’s own intelligence officials have confirmed this. Yet, like everything the President does, it’s focused on himself rather than the integrity of our democratic process. … Russia interfered in our elections and they will do it again unless we stand up to Putin. It’s insane that the President of the United States is attacking the FBI and believes Putin over his own intelligence officials and evidence presented by both the House and the Senate. Wow. LIVE IN 10 MINUTES: The 2018 edition of the Haleh Esfandiari Forum from @WilsonCenterMEP on protecting America's global leadership, featuring Senator @ChrisVanHollen. Watch here:  pic.twitter.com/XdJJxkzIcV It’s no coincidence that the tax scam helps real estate moguls like Trump. In fact, it gives real estate developers special favors worth $66.7B—while homeowners pay the price. That’s absurd. We should be easing the burden on the middle class, not making it harder to own a home. … Dear @realDonaldTrump: if you are determined to proceed with the Putin meeting, at least demand that the Russians indicted today be extradited to the U.S. to stand trial for interfering with our elections. Don't be a Putin patsy. Stand up for America and our democracy! With four months until the midterms, that has to change. We must pass the bipartisan DETER Act to send a powerful message to any foreign actor seeking to disrupt our elections: if you attack American candidates, campaigns, or voting infrastructure, you will face consequences. Russian attacks on our democracy are not an abstract idea—they are a threat to Maryland and our entire country. While there is no evidence that this has impacted Maryland elections to date, this news is deeply disturbing, and underscores the need for urgent action to prevent election interference—which Trump continues to ignore. New from the @FBI: I just found out that the software vendor who maintains portions of the Maryland State Board of Elections voter registration platform was acquired in 2015 by a venture capitalist owned by a Russian oligarch. The indictment of 12 Russians from GRU for interfering in our elections underscores the urgency of passing the bipartisan DETER Act that @marcorubio and I have introduced. Ensures very harsh, automatic penalties for future interference. Trump needs to embrace the bill—not Putin. … I’m going to say it, even though my kids will make fun of me—this is out of this universe! Great work by @NASA and @astraughnomer. Can’t wait to see more of your work with the Webb Telescope. … Headed to the floor to commemorate the shooting that occurred at @capgaznews. Today, the Senate will consider a resolution dedicated to the victims. @SenatorCardin and I are confident that our colleagues will join us in honoring these brave Marylanders.  Trump’s willingness to put our national security at risk in order to protect jobs in China must be stopped. I am working with @MarcoRubio and @SenTomCotton to make sure our amendment to hold ZTE accountable—which already passed the Senate—moves forward. We will not be deterred. … What is “a metaphor for Trump’s leadership?” cc: @Jeopardy. … With Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court, health care protections will again be on the chopping block—and if you’re a mom with cancer or a kid with diabetes, your coverage is at risk. You spoke out and helped us stop the GOP's last effort to repeal the ACA. We need you again now.pic.twitter.com/1sglzj7Uv5 It's wrong for @WellsFargo to pocket a $3.4B windfall from the tax bill and then lay off hundreds of workers in Maryland and across the country while moving jobs overseas. I told their CEO that they should halt these layoffs and instead bring jobs back to the United States.pic.twitter.com/USSxQfN7Vj In light of Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court, reflection upon past and future cases has become even more important. I’ll be talking with @rweingarten about the Janus vs. AFSME case, and what happens when unions are under attack. Tune in live:  The image I saw of children huddled on the floor—separated by chain-link fences in what locals refer to as "the dog kennel" will haunt me forever. These kids have suffered enough. It’s unacceptable for the Trump Administration to miss the court deadline to reunite these families. … The rescue of the 12 Thai boys and their soccer coach is a wonderful ending to a story that highlights the true strength of the human spirit. The entire community banded together to accomplish what seemed impossible—and now the Wild Boars can finally head home. … Thanks for speaking out! Marylanders deserve a Supreme Court justice who will stand up for a woman’s right to choose and look out for every American, not do the bidding of the far-right groups who picked Kavanaugh. Tell your friends to ask their Republican senators to vote NO. … Americans deserve a Supreme Court justice who will stand up for liberty and justice for all—not someone picked from a list compiled by right-wing organizations to do their bidding. Kavanaugh does not meet that basic standard of fairness and impartiality, and I cannot support him.pic.twitter.com/cFeVi3hxP6 I gave this speech back in April about Andrew Wheeler when I voted against his nomination to be Deputy Administrator of the EPA, and the sentiment is still the same. He represents a continuation of the Trump Administration's assault on the environment.pic.twitter.com/0uUXuSNFaq It's no secret that the Trump Administration puts corporate special interests before the public health, but still stunning to see the lengths they will go to block access to basic health information. Let others know how low they will go. … On Father’s Day, I traveled to the US-Mexico border in Texas. What I witnessed confirmed my worst fears. I wrote down what I saw during the trip and why we still need to keep fighting to reunite families. I hope you'll take a few minutes to read it: … Pruitt’s resignation is a victory for all those who cast a bright light on his policy and ethical failings. But his deputy, Wheeler has no business running the EPA—he’s a coal company lobbyist and climate change skeptic. … At 2:33PM today, my family and I will join people around Maryland and the country to observe a moment of silence to honor the victims of the Capital Gazette shooting. But we can’t just remember—we must also keep fighting to end the violence. … Maryland is home to so many bright young people, and I had the chance to meet with some of them as part of the Senate Page Program. Pages come to the Senate from all 50 states, and provide valuable help on the Senate Floor when we’re debating and voting on legislation.pic.twitter.com/GXC7EcJ9tP Happy Fourth of July, Maryland! As we celebrate the birth of our country and the struggle for freedom over tyranny and democracy over autocracy, we must recommit ourselves to making sure that America lives up to our ideals: liberty, equality, and the rule of law.pic.twitter.com/q40GIGp50w It’s great to see how far you’ve come, Chris! I’m thrilled we have taken another step forward in the effort to pay Senate interns, and your story underscores how opening doors can lead talented young people down a career path that can help shape our country for the better. … The @USACEBaltimore dropped by to talk to about the importance of investing in projects across Maryland—from dredging the Port of Baltimore, to projects in Western MD and the Eastern Shore to oyster restoration in the Bay. These projects will help boost jobs and our economy.pic.twitter.com/sUyS3o2VrT I’m calling on SEC Chairman Clayton to open a public comment period to review the SEC’s current rules around stock buybacks, which haven’t been updated in over a decade.pic.twitter.com/2k0cQQ0yAc Since the #GOPTaxScam passed, corporate stock buybacks for wealthy shareholders have skyrocketed to over $480B and are set to hit $1 trillion. The current rules around stock buybacks haven’t been updated in over a decade—that needs to change. American taxpayers deserve better.pic.twitter.com/9mmrkulNuN "I don't know what else to do": Grieving Capital Gazette journalists came together Thursday to cover the tragedy unfolding in their own newsroom.  pic.twitter.com/bNbHbN5fq3 Tomorrow this Capital page will return to its steady purpose of offering readers informed opinion about the world around them. But today, we are speechless.pic.twitter.com/5HzKN2IW7Q Despite the horror they experienced, the staff at @capgaznews put out a newspaper today. Today we mourn the loss of our fellow Marylanders, but tomorrow we fight another day to honor their legacy through action to stop the violence. … The Capital Gazette is a local institution and vital to how our community gets our information. While we don’t know what motivated this attack, we must stand together to end the violence.pic.twitter.com/SQehINwnhR Phil, I can’t imagine what you and the entire Capital Gazette team are going through right now. Journalists shouldn’t have to fend off bullets in the newsroom while doing their jobs—this is not normal. Stay strong. … My heart is with the families, friends, and loved ones of the victims as we learn more about this terrible situation. We must unite to end the violence. … Trump tweeted that "Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Elections!" So revealing how Trump puts the word of Putin above veracity of his own hand-picked intelligence community leaders. Congress needs to send a clear message and pass the DETER Act. Corporate interests have been rigging the system against workers for decades – and the Supreme Court just handed those interests a huge victory in #Janus v. AFSCME. But I’ve got news for the billionaires behind this case: we’re not going anywhere. #Unionpic.twitter.com/LAxpB1k3iY The McConnell Rule is clear—the American people must have a say in the upcoming election Kennedy's seat is filled. And when the Senate considers the President’s nominee next year, we need someone who will get broad support—not someone that will put special interests first. I’ll be speaking at a hearing on the real human impacts of Trump's family separation policy and what's next. Maryland's own Dawnya Underwood, Director of @LIRSorg, will join us to talk about her work. Tune in ↓ … Today’s SCOTUS decision in Janus v. AFSCME was a major blow to unions and working people, while further rigging the system for wealthy special interests. We must fight back against attempts by billionaires to upend an underlying principle of our democracy—the right to organize. … We received this letter from @ChrisVanHollen's office this evening. It shows the @StateDept has cleared visa waivers for less 2% of applicants from #travelban countries. (@wusa9)pic.twitter.com/mad4jaxaja BREAKING: On the same day as the Supreme Court’s ruling on Trump’s discriminatory travel ban—we learn that the State Department is only clearing visa waivers for about 2% of applicants from majority-Muslim countries impacted by the ban. This isn’t right—and we must keep fighting.pic.twitter.com/0hQ06uiSkI All eligible voters will still be able to vote. Don't be deterred. Cast a provisional ballot if necessary. … The family separation policy may be over, but our work to reunite parents and kids is not. @SenJeffMerkley and I are sharing what we saw on the Texas border—and urging Trump to meet with the moms we did and find their kids immediately. Keep up the fight! … The bipartisan push to hold ZTE accountable continues. @MarcoRubio, @SenTomCotton, and I are urging @SecretaryRoss to grant waivers to companies that want to remove ZTE technology from their networks. We cannot facilitate foreign companies that are fronts for spying on Americans.pic.twitter.com/y1i2mOxLud Men, women, and children from across the world—including Muslim-majority countries—look at the United States as a beacon of hope and a symbol of freedom. We cannot allow Trump's bigotry to undermine America's fundamental values. … Couldn't agree more with Justices Sotomayor and Ginsburg that this decision discounted Trump's malicious intent. In the Senate, I'm fighting to make sure the ban is not shrouded in secrecy and that people who present no threat are allowed entry into our country. … "We want to make sure these internships are available to all qualified and interested applicants –regardless of their family income."  –@ChrisVanHollen on the importance of paying interns in the Senate and elsewhere  If you need some good news to brighten your day, the full Senate approved $5M in new funding to pay interns in the Senate. A big step toward helping level the playing field and provide opportunities for those students who don't have the financial means to live in DC without pay. Trump tweeted that he was "surprised" that Harley-Davidson is moving some jobs and manufacturing overseas. Really? The guy who claimed to be a great negotiator is having his lunch eaten. The Art of the Deal has become the Art of the Steal—stealing American jobs. Five years ago, the Supreme Court inflicted a serious blow to the Voting Rights Act. Since then, we’ve seen countless attempts to suppress voting rights—including the bad ruling issued today. We must keep fighting to expand access to the ballot box. #RestoreTheVRA … Trump constantly belittles our hardworking federal workforce and proposed a pay freeze even though the cost of living is rising. I’m glad we stood up for our civil servants by voting to give them a modest pay raise. This is an important step but the fight is not over. … It's been 6 months since Trump added $2 trillion to our debt with his corporate tax giveaway. Since then, big corporations and wealthy stockholders have reaped windfall profits while middle-class wages have remained stagnant. A very bad deal for America. … Sen. Chris Van Hollen met mothers at the border whose children were torn away, and he is appalled.  pic.twitter.com/TBSrd6F9Wl For months, the Trump Administration’s waiver process has been shrouded in secrecy—which raises concerns about its legality and what they are trying to hide. I’m glad the Appropriations Committee passed my bipartisan amendment to make this information public and expose this sham. … Trump vowed not to touch Medicare and Medicaid—so much for that promise. After giving huge tax cuts to big corporations and saddling us with trillions in debt, the GOP wants to gut these vital programs. This budget is no surprise—but working families deserve the truth. … Pleased to receive bipartisan support in the Appropriations Committee yesterday for my amendment ensuring that Turkey cannot obtain F-35 jets if it also buys the Russian S-400 missile system. Allowing this would compromise our national security. … The @LittleLobbyists have been a vital force in our fight against Trumpcare. I met with them this week to talk about the Trump Administration’s newest efforts to roll back protections for people with pre-existing conditions. For children like Xiomara, we must keep fighting.pic.twitter.com/JatTfNpY60 While Trump finally bent to public pressure to reverse his despicable child separation policy, his new order does nothing to reunite children who have been taken from their parents and appears to subject children to indefinite imprisonment. Unacceptable. This still isn’t over. … I don’t care how many times the President denies it—he is deliberately separating children from their parents and holding them hostage as a political bargaining tool. Despicable. He has the power to end his inhumane family separation policy with one phone call.pic.twitter.com/bm0WX2dKCB The Senate passed the amendment I offered with @SenTomCotton to keep the penalties on ZTE for its violations of U.S sanctions. We are pleased that both parties made clear clear that protecting American jobs and national security must come first. Trump should end his opposition. Trump keeps saying we need new immigration laws to change his cruel family separation policy. Totally false. He ordered it 6 weeks ago and he could end it today. He is holding these separated kids hostage to gain leverage in the larger immigration debate. Despicable! Second, new DHS policy is making it almost impossible for families fleeing violence to seek asylum at legal ports of entry. So desperate moms hire folks to take them across the Rio Grande. Then—as described here—they are arrested and then their children are taken away.pic.twitter.com/EaQUi4tyjv Nielsen's claim here is very deceptive for 2 reasons: First, I spoke personally to a mom who crossed at a legal point of entry. She and her daughter were fleeing death threats in Honduras. Her daughter was taken away and she is now locked up in a detention center. … This morning, I met with Sister Norma at her Catholic Charities Center in McAllen. She is truly an angel, caring for desperate families fleeing horrific violence. As she and I discussed, the families who make it to her center are the "fortunate ones."pic.twitter.com/gwhJQ7LLIk Mr. President, I was for cracking down on MS-13 before you learned it wasn't a movie sequel—but at the border I saw 5-year-olds you have taken from their parents. Sure didn't look like MS-13 gang members. We can have secure borders without your cruel family separation policy. … Finished the last stop of the day, the Port Isabel Detention Center. I heard gut-wrenching testimony from ten women who fled extreme violence in Honduras only to have their children taken away from them. Definitely one of the most emotional moments of the trip.pic.twitter.com/jlazkdA52Z Jeff and I just finished visiting the US-Mexico border to investigate the Trump Administration's cruel family separation policy. We talked to @kasie about our trip, if you didn’t have a chance to follow along—I encourage you to watch this segment for the details.pic.twitter.com/lhyQUkYnkw Just visited the Brownsville Children's Facility. Trump Administration didn't let us talk to the kids and they even tried to stop me from recording outside the building. They are clearly sensitive about this trip. This place is packed with kids—over 100 taken from parents.pic.twitter.com/7RVP0ZgT8e Saw kids at Brownsville Children's Family and I’m reflecting on how Sessions cited the Bible as justification for tearing children from their parents. I dare Sessions to look these children in the eye and tell them that the Bible demands this cruelty. .@ChrisVanHollen says about 100 children are being held at Casa Padre as a direct result of the #ZeroTolerance policy.pic.twitter.com/HBjxBdOLg0 All eyes on the border tonight — our @jacobsoboroff leads off our show after touring a detention facility for children   @JeffMerkley and @ChrisVanHollen are also there — and they’ll join me live … Traveling to next stop. Based on current trends, today, on Father's Day, about 45 children will be taken from their parents. Trump's policy has taken about 2,000 children from their parents in 6 weeks from April 18th and May 31st—and that cruel practice continues. It must stop! At the Hidalgo Bridge. A few weeks ago, the Trump Administration essentially stopped families seeking asylum from crossing at this legal point of entry. Left people stranded for days without food and water. So many then crossed the river, were arrested and had children taken.pic.twitter.com/iHCDevS1A1 President Trump says he has to take children from their families because of "Democratic" laws. That is a lie. There are NO laws that require this policy of family separation for asylum seekers. This is a deliberate Trumpian practice. He could end it today. They were not doing it while we are watching but at Border Patrol Processing Center in McAllen, there where lots of kids have been forcibly taken from their parents. @realDonaldTrump, is this Making America Great? We must demand an end to this inhumanity!pic.twitter.com/PvQR6tlXXo On the ground in Texas with @ChrisVanHollen investigating @realDonaldTrump’s cruel “zero tolerance” child-snatching policy. Tweet us questions throughout the day that you want to be answered by Trump Administration officials. #FathersDayofActionpic.twitter.com/0XtBQcQuat Just left Border Patrol Processing Center in McAllen—aka "the dog kennel." Witnessed loads of kids massed together in large pens of chain-linked fence separated from their moms and dads. @realDonaldTrump, change your shameful policy today! #FamiliesBelongTogether Arrived in McAllen, TX. Mr. President, perhaps you are celebrating #FathersDay with your children. My children encouraged me to come here to the border to meet with kids you have forcibly separated from their parents. Why not honor the day by ending your cruel practice?pic.twitter.com/9s7sV7LXHe Our family celebrated Father’s Day yesterday because our children agreed it was important that today I travel to the border to meet with kids who can't be with their parents because they've been ripped apart by the Trump Admin's cruel new policy. Trump—stop this inhumane policy! This Father’s Day, I’m headed to the border with @SenJeffMerkley to focus on the inhumanity of separating kids from their moms and dads when families are legally seeking asylum and get a first-hand look at what is happening. Follow along Sunday for updates from our trip. It’s official: the fight for a new FBI HQ continues. We made clear in today's CJS Appropriations bill that Congress has serious issues with Trump's current proposal and that any new plan should include one of the earlier identified sites—including the 2 in Maryland. Big news! Proud to announce that the Appropriations Committee has allocated $5M in new funding to pay interns in the Senate. I want to thank my colleagues for supporting this effort, and I’ll keep working to make sure all students have the opportunity to intern on Capitol Hill.pic.twitter.com/5Rn342GyPj This is abhorrent and this should not be happening in the United States of America. Why isn’t Republican leadership bringing up @SenFeinstein’s bill to end the practice of separating families legally seeking asylum? … To no one’s surprise, North Korea used our President for their propaganda campaign. Kim Jong Un is pocketing immediate concessions and not making any concrete commitments. Nauseating to see Trump stiff our allies in Canada and then praise Kim while saluting his generals. … Call this what it is—a gross human rights violation. I’m proud to cosponsor @SenFeinstein’s legislation to prevent children being taken from their parents at the border, but we need your help to get the entire Senate on board. Please call upon all senators to support S.3036. … Finally, something we can all agree on. The Senate unanimously passed a resolution to congratulate the @Capitals on their Stanley Cup victory. Proud to present it to @TedLeonsis on behalf of @EleanorNorton, @SenatorCardin, @MarkWarner, @TimKaine, and myself.pic.twitter.com/mORZRew8sF After decades of perseverance, the @Capitals can finally hoist the #StanleyCup above their heads—and it was great to celebrate tonight with the Cup, the team, and some of my favorite DMV senators. Congratulations to the players, coaches, and all the fans! #ALLCAPSpic.twitter.com/a1b0rabys7 We can't let ZTE off the hook for violating U.S. law—doing so would pose a serious threat to our national security. That’s why @SenTomCotton and I teamed up to stop that from happening. Tune in as we discuss our bipartisan amendment.  Proud to announce the Senate yesterday passed my and @ChrisVanHollen's resolution congratulating @Capitals on their first #StanleyCup victory, enshrining this historic win forever in the congressional record. Like @TJOshie77 said at the parade, let's make it #BackToBack! #ALLCAPSpic.twitter.com/LXZgVerABl If this were true, McConnell would oppose Trump’s deliberate sabotage and work on a bipartisan basis to strengthen—not blowup—the Affordable Care Act. Actions, not words, are the test, and the GOP gets an F. This is a fight the country must not lose so keep speaking out! … Twitter’s character limit, Olivier. It’s brutal. … Goal! I’m thrilled that FIFA has decided that the US-Canada-Mexico bid for the 2026 @FIFAWorldCup was the best path forward. This is an exceptional opportunity to highlight the positive impact soccer has on communities across the world, and stimulate tourism and economic growth. … S.Res. 542 by @ChrisVanHollen passed yesterday. A resolution congratulating the Washington Capitals for winning the 2018 Stanley Cup hockey championship.  …  Today President Trump tweeted that "there is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea." This is truly delusional. It has same arsenal today as 48 hours ago. Does he really think his big photo-op ended the DPRK's nuclear program? Hope does not equal reality. Let me tell you, I wish I was at the #CapitalsParade with the @Capitals celebrating their historic win. While I’m bummed I can't attend, I’m glad to partner up with @EleanorNorton to introduce a resolution congratulating the players and coaches on their historic win! #ALLCAPS … The grand photo-op with an American president was a long sought coup for North Korean leaders. Jury still out on whether we and our allies achieve our goals. So far big words but few details except the fact that Trump gave far more than he got by suspending US military exercises. … I’ve heard from over 27,000 Marylanders over the last year asking me to protect Net Neutrality—they’ve reached out by phone, email and handwritten letters. I have received no constituent correspondence against it—that’s quite telling. Tell the FCC to listen and save the Internet! Amendment reversing Trump's reversal on ZTE ban makes it into Senate NDAA per sponsors @ChrisVanHollen and @SenTomCotton Background:  …pic.twitter.com/gUCFRws9lM Good news! Trump may want to move forward to help ZTE and Chinese jobs, but Congress is saying no. My amendment with @SenTomCotton to reimpose sanctions on ZTE—and protect our national security—will be included in the NDAA bill. Debate starts tonight. We should we doing everything in our power to make it easier to vote, not harder. I strongly disagree with this decision—it paves the way for mass disenfranchisement in Ohio and sets a legal precedent for other states to do the same. … As we celebrate the progress we've made in the fight for equality for LGBTQ Americans, let’s never get complacent. Silence is not an option. As the recent Supreme Court reminds us—we must protect the progress we've made as the fight for equality for all continues. #Pride2018pic.twitter.com/nZzB4ewXC8 While Pruitt undergoes at least 16 federal investigations for violating the public trust, he continues to undermine public health. The latest: he just gave a thumbs up to allow chemical companies to poison you—indirectly. I will be fighting to reverse this, spread the word! … .@SenatorCardin and @ChrisVanHollen both tell me they would step up and bet on #ALLCAPS because there's no DC representation in the Senate … Maryland is all in on the @Capitals, and I know this is the year DC is going to break its sports curse! If the Nevada Senators want to make a wager, I’d be happy to put some Maryland crab on it. Let me know, @SenCortezMasto and @SenDeanHeller. #ALLCAPSpic.twitter.com/2l36jGWwiK ZTE has repeatedly violated U.S. laws and any deal that lets them off the hook is unacceptable. @SenTomCotton and I just introduced an amendment to the NDAA to ensure that regardless of any action Trump takes, Congress will hold ZTE accountable and protect our national security. … They aren’t even being subtle anymore. After a massive giveaway to billionaires and big corporations, Republicans are now looking to cut Social Security and Medicare to pay the bill. More people should be paying attention. … This is the type of behavior that @BrianFrosh and I have been warning about at our Consumer Protection Forums. Mulvaney is systematically dismantling the CFPB—putting payday lenders and scammers before consumers. I will fight this tooth and nail—please help me get the word out! … Good news! For months, I've been working to pass the bipartisan Childhood STAR Act and it was signed into law by the President yesterday. It's an important step forward in the fight against pediatric cancer and will bring hope to thousands of children across the country.pic.twitter.com/3sJf7gnjZC It’s scary that Trump says he can violate every federal law with impunity by shutting down the investigation or pardoning himself. This undermines our bedrock principle that no person is above the law. I hope both Republicans and Democrats will condemn this dangerous rhetoric.pic.twitter.com/H6fYE3pxiA Had a good meeting with the folks at W.L. Gore & Associates, a manufacturing company with 14 facilities and 2,400 associates in Cecil County. They make fabrics that help protect our soldiers and firefighters, medical devices, aerospace electronics and more. Great MD manufacturer!pic.twitter.com/FGUPXWIUFb Enjoyed meeting with employees and patients at @UpperBayCouns, one of the largest behavioral and mental health providers in the Cecil County. Discussed our efforts to ensure funding for mental health and substance services as we confront the opioid epidemic. … At last night’s town hall in Ellicott City, I was inspired by the strength and resilience of a community that has one again united in the face of extreme adversity. If you missed it, you can find additional info here:  . … Thank you for having hosting me, Dr. Devine—and for your service to the students of Cecil County. Our discussion about the challenges and opportunities you’ve faced as superintendent was extremely valuable. And congratulations on your retirement after 42 years! … It begs the question—did Trump pardon him because D’Souza supports the President and echoes his hateful speech? Or is it to send a message to people who may be thinking about coming clean to Robert Mueller? Looking for ways to stop this abuse of the pardon power. … Wow. There have now been more than $450 billion in new stock buybacks announced in 2018, compared to $6.9 billion in one-time bonuses and wage hikes. The President really should change his motto to “Make Corporate Stockholders Richer than Ever.”  Instead of trying to strip away the rights of federal employees and whistle-blowers, Trump should focus on the abuses of cabinet officials who have been taking charter and first-class flights and buying $31,000 dining sets and $43,000 soundproof booths. … The new death toll estimates in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria are staggering. These aren’t just numbers—these people were members of our American family. Trump wanted to declare victory—but we must keep fighting for Puerto Rico to get what it needs to rebuild and save lives. … The Trump Administration’s despicable new scheme to rip children away from their parents to discourage immigration defies human decency. Join me in calling on every Member of Congress, regardless of party, to condemn this cruel and inhumane practice. … Sergeant Eddison Hermond was a hero whose life was taken too soon. He put others’ safety before his own and sacrificed his life, showing the true goodness of his character. My heart goes out to his family and the entire Ellicott City community. … #ECFlood MISSING PERSON: #HoCoPolice are continuing the search for Eddison Hermond, 39, of Severn, last seen at appx. 5:20 p.m. Sunday in the area of La Palapa. Officials have confirmed that the attached photo is Hermond. Call 911 with any information.pic.twitter.com/y39OptYJYF Today I witnessed the amazing fortitude and resilience of the people of Ellicott City as they begin the cleanup process. Amid the devastation, neighbors were helping neighbors—this is what being a community is all about. Team Maryland stands ready to help in every way. #ECStrongpic.twitter.com/DGsf5cjwqg WATCH on #Periscope: Officials, including @HoCoGov, @SenatorCardin, @ChrisVanHollen and @RepSarbanes, provide update on Ellicott City, Maryland, flood cleanup and recovery. … This #MemorialDay, we honor those who gave their lives in defense of our country—and recommit ourselves to supporting our vets and the soldiers who serve us today. Last week, I had the honor of reading the names of Marylanders who died in the Vietnam War. For each, a bell tolled.pic.twitter.com/X5sXrRKEbz **PLEASE RETWEET** If you are in the downtown Ellicott City area or know of family/friends who live there: Please AVOID the downtown area. If you are in a vehicle - DO NOT DRIVE THROUGH FLOOD WATER. Turn Around, Don't Drown. @HoCoRec Roger Carter Community Center is OPEN for those that need a place to shelter #HoCoMD. If you are in a building taking on water, please move to higher ground immediately. Thank you to the first responders who are taking swift action to aid the Ellicott City community. The entire Maryland Delegation is working with @FEMA to bring in federal resources. If you’re in the area, please follow the guidance of local authorities and @MDMEMA. … Mr. President, this is false. ZTE presents a national security threat to the United States—and nothing in your reported deal addresses that fundamental fact. If you won't put our security before Chinese jobs, Congress will act on a bipartisan basis to stop you. … NEW:   @ChrisVanHollen (D-Md) making 11th hour effort to stop deportation of New Carrollton, Md man to Central African Republican.  (man was son of diplomat, mother was murdered in C.A.R.)    Check this line of Van Hollen's filing ===>pic.twitter.com/9kg24DoT5a Still, Prince managed to graduate high school and married his high school sweetheart. He's part of our community and shouldn't be deported while his wife's petition for him to stay is pending. #WeStandWithPrince  … When violence broke out in his home country of the Central African Republic, his father sought asylum and subsequently has died. His mother was murdered in CAR. Don't let our fellow Marylander, Prince Gbohoutou, become a victim of Trump's effort to punish those who have done nothing wrong. Prince was a child when he legally arrived here. My office has been working hard for weeks to get @ICEgov to release Prince. Today I called ICE and sent a letter to @DHSgov Secretary Nielsen to make sure Prince stays where he belongs—right here in Maryland. Please help spread the word—this fight is too important. … More news: My amendment on ZTE has been added to the NDAA, which passed in Committee last night. This bipartisan piece of legislation will ensure that Trump can’t let ZTE, a serial violator of US laws, off the hook. Now we need to pass this in full Senate! … Trumpcare in action: Higher premiums, millions left uninsured, and expansion of junk plans that will leave Americans susceptible to denied coverage. This is all happening while major corporate executives reap the windfall benefits of the GOP tax law. Stop the sabotage! … And now we learn that Trump’s lawyer accepted a payment of at least $400,000 to fix talks with the Ukraine? This certainly is one area where Trump ranks #1—Swamp Life. … Summer is almost here, and families in Maryland are planning summer road trips to the Bay, Ocean City, and across the country. But now they’re seeing gas prices soar—while the #TrumpTaxScam is handing just 4 Big Oil companies a nearly $15 BILLION windfall over the next decade. … …. And the evidence just keeps pouring in. This tax plan is mostly a boon to wealthy shareholders. What happened to the $4,000 pay raise that working families were promised? … As I told Kelly on @CNBCClosingBell, we must stop the President from compromising our national security in order to help the ZTE, which has repeatedly violated our laws and lied about it. That why my amendment passed yesterday with a strong bipartisan vote of 23 to 2.pic.twitter.com/NLxJFhrn5H Proud to support your amendment in the Banking Committee, @ChrisVanHollen. China’s ZTE violated U.S. sanctions against Iran and North Korea. This Administration is trading our national security for an empty trade deal that will only benefit Chinese workers. … Good news: My amendment to stop President Trump from unilaterally exempting ZTE from penalties for their repeated violations of our laws passed the Banking Committee on a bipartisan basis. Glad the Senate is putting America's national security first, not jobs in China. The Supreme Court sides with Goliath against David—taking away even the slingshots. They have stripped workers of their best defense against corporate wrongdoing—the right to band together to fight against discrimination, sexual harassment, and wage theft. … We must fight for greater transparency, real campaign finance reform, and stronger ethics rules—including passing the DISCLOSE Act. Proud to continue that fight in the Senate with @SenWhitehouse and fulfill that mission with #ABetterDeal for Our Democracy. … This is horrible news. My heart goes out to the family of this brave Baltimore County Police Officer who made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty and to her fellow officers who put their lives on the line every day to protect our community. … We cannot become so desensitized to school shootings that all we offer are platitudes. Congress needs to grow up and work together to implement common sense gun safety reform. NOW! … On the first anniversary of Mueller's appointment as Special Counsel—the integrity of our democracy is still being tested. Will McConnell allow a full Senate vote the bill to protect Mueller from being fired? RT if you agree that all patriots must stand up for the rule of law. The "King of Debt" Trump and GOP borrowed $2 trillion for their tax scam—and where's all the money going? To stock buybacks for wealthy CEOs and the foreign stockholders who own 35% of U.S. corporate stock. Meanwhile, the rest of us will be left to pick up the tab. … My friend Catherine, a terrific senator, is spot on. The President’s remarks are despicable and should be universally condemned in the strongest possible terms. America is better than this—much better. … You did it—the phone calls, emails, and grassroots activism worked in the Senate! Now, we need the House to pass this resolution to save Net Neutrality. Keep the momentum going! … I voted YES on a motion to proceed on @SenMarkey’s resolution to save Net Neutrality. We have one more vote at 3PM, so keep the momentum up! This is a historic day, and we wouldn’t be here without your work to save the Internet. #PollutingPruitt will do anything to weasel out of taking responsibility for his unnecessarily excessive spending of millions of our tax dollars. Thankfully, @ChrisVanHollen won't let him get away with it. #FirePruittpic.twitter.com/gXZM5c8ozB Pruitt violated the public trust, and he's mired in legal issues because of it. Yet, he continues to blame others for his wasteful spending—he just keeps digging himself further into a hole. Time for him to go. … Tomorrow is a BIG day for the Internet. Take five minutes today to text your friends who are represented by a Republican senator. Ask them to call, tweet, or email them to demand that they save #NetNeutrality. … Our public servants at the CIA are patriots who work to protect our nation & Gina Haspel has been committed to that mission. But after reviewing the public & classified record, I believe that her enthusiastic advocacy for the torture program disqualifies her from leading the CIA.pic.twitter.com/BXwOqyNw5m Wishing my friend, @RepAnthonyBrown a speedy recovery. Glad to hear he’s feeling better. Now rest up and hurry back soon. Congress needs you! … This is an important step in defending our elections at home and abroad. I’m calling for the same kind of coordination in the DETER Act, and Congress should pass it without delay. We must work with our European allies to protect our democracies and deter Russian aggression. … Harry is one of the strongest people I’ve met. He is a fighter in everything he does, and I know that he’ll face this with unwavering resilience and tenacity. Sending my well wishes to him and his family. … The President of the United States is fighting to protect jobs in China at a company that may be spying on Americans—and has been sanctioned by our government. This is not normal, and I will be demanding answers. … My mother taught my sisters and me to pursue our dreams. She was also a devoted public servant who gave back to the country she loved. Happy #MothersDay to all the Maryland Moms out there—including my wonderful partner in life, Katherine, who is the rock of our family.pic.twitter.com/hBR7L0OZok I agree. That's why I introduced the SECURE Act to protect these families who have been here legally for decades. Glad to see Kelly now agrees—because he, Trump, and the GOP leadership have been opposed. Hope he will work to pass the SECURE Act ASAP. … In January, after starting to open the Atlantic Coast to oil drilling, Zinke said that he’d grant an exemption to Florida. It stank of fishy political motives to protect Rick Scott and Mar-a-Lago—which he denies. If it wasn’t a favor, why isn’t he exempting other coastlines?pic.twitter.com/ZRc5vA2xpo Maryland fits the same criteria, Mr. Secretary. So why haven’t you tweeted out that Maryland is exempt from offshore drilling yet? … Mulvaney—who recently told bank lobbyists to buy more influence in Congress—just took a sledgehammer to the one unit in the federal government that is solely dedicated to protecting student loan borrowers from predatory lenders. Stench from the Trump Swamp gets worse by the day. … I am deeply saddened by the sudden death of County Executive Kevin Kamenetz. My heart is with his family and the entire Baltimore County community. Kevin dedicated himself to our community and his good works are all around us. He will be deeply missed.  “What's up with #NetNeutrality?” Here's what @SenateDems are doing to keep the Internet open and free right now. … Netflix and Chill is easy. Netflix and Save the Internet is a bit harder—but worth the effort. Tell your friends: we need one more vote to save Net Neutrality. … Joining @SenateDems to highlight the actions taken by Republicans to severely damage our health care system—meaning higher premiums for people across the country. If you’re concerned about your rising health care costs, I urge you to tune in:  Make no mistake: Trump’s withdrawal from the Iran deal was based on politics, not national security. Trump has isolated America from our allies, served the interest of Iranian hardliners, and destroyed America’s credibility. The GOP did not want to advertise that their tax giveaway to the very wealthy and big corporations contained a poison pill that would mean higher health insurance prices for average Americans—but now they can’t hide from the truth.pic.twitter.com/Gml9TAfJSe The cost of health care is a major concern for working families in Maryland and across the country. Today's requests for astronomical rate increases are a direct result of the actions taken by Trump and Congressional Republicans. Maryland families deserve better. … I urge my colleagues to pass the SECURE Act, which I’ve introduced with @SenatorCardin and @SenFeinstein, without delay to give these individuals, and our communities, the certainty and security we all deserve. These families work in our communities, have businesses in our state, and go to school with our children. Almost 2,000 Hondurans live in Maryland alone—and they have done so legally for decades. They call America home and I will fight this decision tooth and nail. This decision by Trump to turn on these individuals—who have been working and living in the U.S. legally for decades—is shameful. Sadly, it’s part of a Trump pattern of snuffing out the idea of America as a beacon of hope across the world. We must save Lady Liberty! … One year ago, the House voted to repeal the ACA. Trumpcare would have left 23M without coverage, raised premiums by 20%, and left our most vulnerable behind. While we won that fight, Trump has continued his sabotage campaign—meaning ↑ costs and ↓ security. We must fight back! … Remember after the Parkland tragedy when Trump sat in front of the TV cameras asking who is afraid of the NRA? Now that the cameras are gone, we have the answer—Donald Trump. He did their bidding and plans to take a bow before the NRA. This is an indecent act. Enough! … Arpaio is a serial civil rights violator & has targeted the Hispanic community through outrageous & illegal racial profiling for years. To call him a 'tireless champion' of the 'rule of law'—shows disrespect for the law. Given his criminal conviction, he should be behind bars. … Tell your friends and neighbors that @SenateDems now have enough signatures to file a petition to force a vote to reinstate #NetNeutrality rules. We need ONE more vote to get to 51 and win. Keep the pressure up and tell all senators to stand with consumers and entrepreneurs. … We must reduce violent crime in Baltimore, and this federal partnership can help us. As noted here, last week Sessions told me he would reconsider the DOJ's earlier denial of assistance—and I will keep fighting to ensure Baltimore gets additional help for public safety. … Never imagined myself saying this, but Tom Price is right. By repealing a central piece of the Affordable Care Act in their tax plan, Republicans are increasing health care costs for working people—all while giving billionaires tax cuts. Americans deserve the truth. … I was the guest on Dan’s podcast this week, I hope you’ll take a listen. I provided an update on the Republican tax plan, immigration issues, Iran deal, and why Sessions cannot exclude Baltimore from a federal grant to reduce violent crime. … As I said at the @TaxMarch, don't be fooled by the bill of goods Trump & the GOP are peddling about their tax plan. The amounts going to stock buybacks for corporate executives, foreign stockholder and the wealthy are roughly 40 times the bonuses and wage hikes going to workers.pic.twitter.com/sQv06SPHbb This is not the growth rate Trump promised with his tax plan. His own @CommerceGov gives us proof that this plan is not supercharging the economy. Billionaires and corporations who donate to Republican campaigns got windfall tax cuts—while the rest of us got $2 trillion in debt. … Pompeo has a reckless "shoot first, ask questions later" attitude and is likely to reinforce, not check, Trump's worst instincts. And how can he represent American values abroad when he has made divisive comments about minority groups here at home? I voted no on his nomination.pic.twitter.com/nsPRKHEtNb This is a positive first step. Now McConnell should reconsider and allow a vote in the full Senate.  This isn’t a question of political party, it’s about the integrity of our democracy. … Trump Swamp Monsters: the Director of the CONSUMER Protection Financial Bureau tells big banks that, as a Congressman, he only met with bank lobbyists who gave $$ to his campaign and they should buy more influence by contributing to members of Congress who will do their bidding. … Trump’s travel ban only weakens our security by playing into the hands of our enemies. I have repeatedly pushed for more transparency but the Administration refuses to give us clear answers, particularly on the waiver process—an issue the Justices raised today. I’ll be questioning Attorney General Jeff Sessions shortly. As you can imagine, I have many pressing questions for him. Tune in:  Are you serious? This isn’t a brunch recommendation, @MickMulvaneyOMB. This is about holding big banks accountable when working Americans file complaints about them. Reminder, the "C" in @CFPB stands for "Consumer" not "Corporations." … Pruitt should be fired. That's the one thing Trump’s supposed to be good at, right? … Stunning. CBO analysis shows that Republicans are selling a false bill of goods with their tax plan. Over the next decade, nearly 45% of the income from the increased economic activity from these tax cuts flows to foreigners, not Americans—and by 2028, that number jumps to 71%. … Our nation’s capital is one of the most expensive places to live in this country and without pay, many interns cannot afford to live here. The Senate and House need to pay their interns—it’s that simple. … The best way to celebrate #EarthDay: Call on Scott Pruitt to resign.pic.twitter.com/RkpObT99Tt Maile’s less than a few weeks old and she still has far better fashion sense than me. Might have to get some tips from her next time she's on the Senate floor. … Our community was shaken and heartbroken when Great Mills High School experienced a shooting. But the determination of these students to end gun violence in our schools and our neighborhoods gives me renewed faith. We will keep fighting until we improve gun safety and save lives!pic.twitter.com/rrFpk6uh6H People of color continue to face unfair and discriminatory treatment in the marketplace. As shown in the recent Starbucks incident, we must do more to combat racism and injustice. So why did the Senate pass a bill today that takes us in the opposite direction?pic.twitter.com/FMmXVGYow2 More proof that economic growth and combatting climate change go hand-in-hand. Protecting the environment is not just about the future of our planet—it’s also about creating jobs and supporting a healthy economy. Proud that Maryland is leading the fight! … Pruitt’s conduct in office is a disgrace. He no longer holds the confidence of the American people, and his actions are examples of why many distrust the federal government. His gross misjudgment and poor leadership undermine the @EPA, and I believe he must resign. Making sure you saw this @realDonaldTrump, @SenateMajLdr, and @SpeakerRyan. While big banks have been cashing out to the tune of billions of dollars, you’re turning around and asking working families to foot the bill. Why aren’t you tweeting about that? … A big salute to First Lady Barbara Bush for her commitment to public service and living a life of purpose. I had the honor of joining her in Maryland in support of the Foundation for Family Literacy, which she created. Condolences to the entire Bush family. This is exactly why the Senate must pass the bipartisan #BRINKAct without any more delay. China’s biggest banks still launder money for North Korea, despite UN sanctions. My bill with @SenToomey would sanction those banks and ratchet up the pressure on Kim Jong Un. … The Koch Bros and special interest groups are spending over $100M trying to convince Americans that the #GOPTaxScam is the greatest thing since sliced bread. But I have news for them: the American people aren't buying it. We need to continue to counter the propaganda machine.pic.twitter.com/UlKEVl6Wut With billionaires like the Koch Brothers spending millions of dollars to mislead and deceive the American people about the impact of the #GOPTaxScam, it’s up to us to set the record straight. Tune in as I join @taxmarch to do just that. #TaxDay … Building strong communities starts in our neighborhoods—with the people who live and work there. It was great to be in Park Heights with local leaders and thank you to @BoldNewHeights for showing me your community-first approach to redevelopment. Look forward to working together!pic.twitter.com/xHP39Ql5V5 I had the opportunity to visit @TowsonU and meet with @kimschatzel to talk about the opportunities and challenges facing the university, tour the campus, and have an open forum with students. It’s never a dull moment when you’re in a room full of Towson Tigers!pic.twitter.com/BCn2TrBvta Despite Republican claims to the contrary, their tax bill is just a boon to corporate executives and wealthy shareholders. Exhibit A is the huge surge in corporate stock buybacks that we’ve seen since the bill’s passage—and American workers are left footing the bill. … 80 percent of the economic gains created by Republican tax cuts will eventually go abroad to benefit foreigners, according to @USCBO @CenterOnBudget and @ChrisVanHollen my report here: … With a President as reckless and unstable as Trump, we need a Secretary of State with a steady hand and a strategic mind. Pompeo is the opposite of what we need for this critical position. From his positions on the Iran deal, to refugees, to torture, to climate change, to equality for all—Pompeo has shown he is fundamentally averse to diplomacy and lacks the skills needed for our chief diplomat. I voted NO on Pompeo to head the CIA and I will vote NO on his nomination to be Secretary of State. He has a shoot first, ask questions later attitude on the use of force. He will reinforce, not check, Trump's worst instincts. Stunning. Buried in @USCBO’s report is the tax scam’s impact on Gross National Product—which is a better measure of actual income for Americans. In 2028, 80% of the income from the economic activity driven by the tax cuts flows to foreigners rather than families here at home.pic.twitter.com/MOj1zuLUJM Mick Mulvaney has been the number one ally of big banks at the CFPB—at the expense of American consumers. You bet that I’m going to hold him accountable at today’s Banking Committee Hearing. Tune in live: … Take a look at this. Last June, Rosenstein told me that Mueller could not be fired without good cause. When I asked whether Mueller could contest his firing in court for lack of cause, he told me that was a hypothetical question. Well, today it's not a vague hypothetical.pic.twitter.com/B0eflX7aJy In just a few minutes, I’ll be joining @ChrisVanHollen @SenBooker to discuss how we need to rewrite the rules of our economy to #RewardWork, not just wealth. Tune in:  . In just a few minutes, I’ll be live with @CoryBooker and @SenatorBaldwin. We’ll be talking about an issue we think should be getting more attention: corporate stock buybacks, which have been skyrocketing as a result of the Republican tax plan. Tune in:  Tune in today at 5PM ET/4PM CT! @ChrisVanHollen @SenBooker and I will be live on Facebook and Periscope to discuss how we can rein in corporate stock buybacks and start rewarding hard work. #RewardWorkpic.twitter.com/WtjN8Ga9QN How long will Republican leadership stay silent and ignore the instability coming from the Oval Office? It is far past time for all patriots, regardless of political party, to stand up for our democracy. … Despite Republican claims to the contrary, their tax bill is a huge giveaway to the wealthy and big corporations. Exhibit A is the surge in corporate stock buybacks that we’ve seen since the bill’s passage. Join @CoryBooker, @SenatorBaldwin, and I tonight at 5pm to learn more ↓pic.twitter.com/urvPfzjxXh GOP leaders must stop burying their heads in the sand. If this isn’t a clear sign that we should unite immediately to protect the rule of law and Special Counsel Mueller, I don’t know what is. … This #EqualPayDay, @ChrisVanHollen & I will be tweeting about how absurd it is that the gender pay gap still exists. We will not tolerate blatant discrimination against women. Congratulations, @TammyDuckworth! Abigail and little Maile are so lucky to have you as a Mom and mentor. Wishing you all the best. … The GOP tax scheme put $1.5 trillion on the nation's credit card—now the House GOP wants to balance the budget on the backs of working families, seniors, and kids. I’ll fight any effort to gut Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and investments in our nation’s economy. … It was great visiting Misty Meadow Farm Creamery, a Smithsburg staple that has been around since 1918. I met with current owner David Herbst, grandson of original owners and talked about we can best support our dairy farmers in the upcoming Farm Bill. Can't beat this ice cream!pic.twitter.com/otFSl8lNvT I had the pleasure of joining Diane Rehm on her new podcast for an in-depth conversation on gun violence and the powerful difference that the student movement can make. Take a listen here: … I had the pleasure of joining Diane Rehm on her new podcast for an in-depth conversation on gun violence and the powerful difference that the student movement can make. Take a listen here: … Throwing it back to celebrate #OpeningDay -- I’m excited, as always, to root for our home team. Go O’s! #TBTpic.twitter.com/9dLWNa0sA7 I’ll be answering questions on how to keep the pressure up on Congress after the #MarchforOurLives. Have a question? Tweet them at me ↓ … This is an important step in the effort to stop Trump from using the presidency to enrich himself and his family. The framers saw the government as an instrument for public good, not a vehicle for private enrichment. Thumbs up to @BrianFrosh and @AGKarlRacine on this victory. … Families in Baltimore and across the country deal with gun violence every single day—a fact we can never forget. The fight for gun safety is not just about school shootings and mass shootings, but also about the daily toll of violence. We must do better. … An important step, along with our allies, to stand up to Russian aggression. Will President Trump now be willing to acknowledge the threat the Kremlin poses to our elections and support the bipartisan DETER Act? … .@ChrisVanHollen lays out the facts: the #GOPTaxScam is working out great for wealthy shareholders – but the middle class is getting left behind.pic.twitter.com/xe60Lx1cOj Now that the #MarchforOurLives is over, the gun lobby is counting on us to give up and go away. We must show them that we’re in this fight until we pass legislation to stop the bloodshed. Are you with me? I've been so moved by the enthusiasm and activism of Marylanders, and I am proud to represent citizens who are so engaged and thoughtful. When you make your voices heard, you can truly make a difference. This may be a long battle, but we’re in this together. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/aE1NBepcwU As we march today, let us never forget the names or stories of the 481 Marylanders we’ve lost to gun violence in the last year alone. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/m2yyCYi0RL To the students in Maryland and across the country who are marching today—I have a simple message for you: know your power. You are not only the future—you are the conscience of America and you can change the direction of our nation. #MarchforOurLives Our students—in Maryland, Florida, and around the nation—are calling out those who hide behind the gun lobby and demanding action. We owe it to them to have a vote on the common-sense gun safety measures. To the GOP leadership: Inaction is complicity. #MarchforOurLives … TIME's new cover: The school shooting generation has had enough  pic.twitter.com/7yFEXuVjyb Trump appointed Bolton—a man with a history of warmongering—to the most critical national security job in the WH. He was a cheerleader for the 2003 war in Iraq, has supported bombing Iran, preemptively striking NK, and going to war with Cuba. America does not want another war. This is heartbreaking news. No parent should ever have to deal with the pain of losing a child like this. Rest in peace, Jaelynn—you were taken way too soon. … Just last week, I stood in solidarity with students from Great Mills High School as we participated in the national walkout to protest gun violence—now they’re living the nightmare that they were trying to prevent. This has got to stop. There are no excuses. … Joined St. Mary's County Sheriff and School Superintendent to show solidarity with the Great Mills High School community and express gratitude to first responders. But while words can express our feelings, only action will reduce gun violence and save lives. Congress must act. Headed to St. Mary’s County to be with the students, teachers, & families of Great Mills High School. Will also join Sheriff Cameron at a 1 pm briefing & will provide updates when we know more. Much gratitude to all the first responders. We must stop the epidemic of gun violence. … There has been an incident at Great Mills High School.  Parents please DO NOT respond to the school.  Report to Leonardtown High School We are closely monitoring the reports of a shooting at Great Mills High School in St. Mary’s County. For those in the St. Mary's area, please follow instructions from local law enforcement. … Less than two days left, @astro_ricky —how exciting! Looking forward to hearing all about your mission when you come back from the @Space_Station. You make Maryland so proud. … Congrats to Marylander @ncgrove_16 and @TeamUSA on winning gold in the sled hockey final! #Paralympics … We need to make sure that every Member of Congress is more afraid about the next school massacre than of the NRA. And you know who’s going to make it happen? The students across the country who’ve been demanding change.pic.twitter.com/7lyIDyPYzT The @NOAA Center for Atmospheric Sciences & Meteorology is a national cooperative science center funded by an educational partnership program focusing on minority-serving institutions.   Senator @ChrisVanHollen shares the importance of STEM education + diversifying the workforce.pic.twitter.com/5jut4XFvru – bei Howard University - Cramton Auditorium It was great speaking at the Army Alliance Luncheon at the Aberdeen Proving Ground. The research, testing, and operations at Aberdeen are key to our national defense. @USAGAPG is also one of the largest employers in Maryland and generates $7B a year to our economy.pic.twitter.com/cJgsTB5OOu "This is not normal behavior in a democracy ... that's the kind of thing you'd see from a Russian dictator, not a United States president" - @ChrisVanHollenpic.twitter.com/80VCTAfa00 Yes, great game! Well played Wildcats. … Well played @UMBCAthletics! Made history! So proud of you. #RetrieverNation … Getting warmed up for tonight’s game. @SenPatRoberts and @JerryMoran, are you ready? Retrievers getting ready to chow down on the Wildcats tonight!#MarchMadness … We must protect the Mueller investigation—this isn’t a question of political party, it’s about the integrity of our democracy. GOP leaders must speak out and make clear that President Trump must respect the rule of law. Patriots cannot remain silent. … Why is Trump silent while our allies in the fight against ISIS, the Syrian Kurds, are brutally forced out of Afrin, by Turkish forces. Silence is complicity & sends the terrible message that the U.S. will not stand by our allies in the face of aggression. … The firing of Andrew McCabe just 48 hours before his planned retirement is a gross abuse of power more in keeping with lawless authoritarian regimes than a great democracy that stands for the rule of law. This abuse of presidential power to crush an individual cannot stand. … The @umdwbb also had a huge win today. Congrats on their victory! Don’t mess with Maryland. … UMBC HAS DONE IT.pic.twitter.com/DtBNyDm69b Check my receipts →  … … I think you owe me a beer, @MarkWarner. cc: @ESPN #RetrieverNation … This is the first time in history that a 16 seed has beat a 1 seed. And you know who did it? @UMBCAthletics BABY!!! … President Hrabowski knows we’re back in this! #RetrieverNationpic.twitter.com/TR6BJMazay Enjoyed meeting with @BillGates to discuss ways we can work together to improve America’s education system, make higher education more affordable, develop a universal flu vaccine and support critical global health initiatives. Appreciate all the good work of the @gatesfoundation.pic.twitter.com/3lAb5jzn47 The career officers at our @StateDept faithfully serve our country, irrespective of the party in power. The allegations that the Trump Administration is purging our civil servants, based on a political litmus test, are deeply disturbing—we must get to the bottom of this. … Mark, after the Retrievers finish with the Wahoos, they will be known as the Boohoos—crying all the way back to the locker room. #RetrieverNation … I will deeply miss my dear friend Louise Slaughter. She was passionate, tenacious, and quick-witted—with a heart for working people and an eye for phonies. Hers was a remarkable and uniquely American story. Her legacy is all around us from the fights she led. We love you, Louise! … But today’s sanctions won’t be enough to deter Putin. We must do more to ensure Russia doesn’t attack our democratic process. There’s a clear, bipartisan solution in Congress: the DETER Act. It’s time we take action now and pass it. The latest sanctions against Russia stress the importance of the Mueller investigation—many of those sanctioned were named in Mueller’s recent indictment. The Trump Organization must comply with this subpoena as we work to get to bottom of Russian interference in our elections. … I’ll admit, filling out this year’s #MarchMadness bracket was tough. But I’m going @UMBC all the way! I find it’s always better to choose heart over head. Let’s see how my picks do this year. Fingers crossed.pic.twitter.com/nimClnXfrj In a few minutes, I’ll be joining Maryland students who are demanding congressional action to save lives by enacting common-sense gun safety measures to stop the carnage from mass shootings and the daily toll of gun violence. Tune in ↓ #EnoughIsEnoughDMV  I stand with you all and hopefully I’ll see some of you at the Capitol shortly! We need your energy to get Congress to take action to end the bloodshed now. #NationalWalkoutDay … We are LIVE on the Senate floor standing in solidarity with #NationalSchoolWalkout. Join us in saying #enough.  pic.twitter.com/BlsogBaGt1 If this scene is heartbreaking to you, use that pain not to despair but to fight back against the gun lobby. Do not give up, we must push Congress to do the right thing. We owe it to those we’ve lost to never give up. #NotOneMore … I tried to quiz a few Maryland Cub Scouts on the history of the Senate and let me tell you, they’re quite the history buffs! Always a good time hanging out with some fellow—albeit a bit younger—outdoor enthusiasts. Thanks for visiting!pic.twitter.com/1cv5CjwSKR Republicans ran up the debt when they were ramming through a $1.5 trillion tax giveaway for wealthy special interests. But don’t be surprised when the GOP says their high deficits now require big cuts to Medicare and Medicaid. In fact, that's what their proposed budget does. … Firing your Secretary of State over Twitter.... what a dysfunctional way to run a country, @realDonaldTrump. Modeling your governing style off of The Apprentice is no way to govern. … Remember when Trump boasted that he's "not scared of the NRA”? Well, that was short lived. Like everything else, it was all for the cameras. When the cameras left, he scurried back into their arms. … Exactly. When we have a Commander-in-Chief who puts his own financial interests ahead of the country’s wellbeing and defrauds students at "Trump University," this is what happens. If another country had put DeVos in charge of our schools we would consider it an act of war. … Since day one, I've said that DeVos lacks basic knowledge about some of the most important issues in the education community. After these comments, it’s even more apparent that DeVos shouldn't be in her current job. Her grade: F. … For the past 30 years, @MarysCenter has provided health care services to some of our most vulnerable residents. Thank you for all the great work you’re doing! This is a good example of why we fought so hard to fund Community Health Centers. … Remember, North Korean leaders have long wanted a face-to-face meeting with an American president to elevate themselves as co-equals on the world stage. The meeting holds some opportunity, but also potential peril. This is not The Apprentice. … This #InternationalWomensDay, I wanted to celebrate a mentor, a fierce advocate for Marylanders, and the longest-serving woman in the history of the Congress: Barbara Mikulski. Thanks for being a fearless trailblazer for both Maryland and our entire country!pic.twitter.com/f3tTfOTmZS We cannot allow the cries of experts, survivors, and students to be drowned out by the gun lobby. In just a few minutes, I’ll be hearing testimonies from survivors and experts who want Congress to take action to strengthen our nation’s gun laws. Tune in →  pic.twitter.com/UoKUKKKkRn Infrastructure investments such as these are crucial to moving our country forward, and I will continue to fight for full funding for critical programs like the TIGER grants. Creating good-paying jobs in Maryland is our number one priority, and this significant federal investment in Sparrows Point will allow us to do just that. This will expand job opportunities close to the Port of Baltimore and help grow our economy. … I’ll be asking DoD officials about this Trump tweet at today’s budget hearing. If he thinks this spending was so “stupid” why does his defense strategy spend far more on overseas conflicts ($447B) than his infrastructure plan for OUR country ($200B)? Makes no sense! … Good meeting w/@AndersFoghR to talk about the DETER Act—which would impose immediate, tough, and automatic sanctions on Russia if it interferes with our elections again, and calls for a strategy to work with our European allies to deter Russia’s aggression. … This must be a wake-up call to the puppets of the NRA. Teenagers shouldn't have to beg their gov't to do what's right. Tomorrow @davidhogg111 who survived the massacre in Parkland, as well as a Baltimore teacher will testify at a forum on gun violence. Hope senators will tune in. … I’ve teamed up with @RoyBlunt and 42 other senators to urge the President in support of @United2026. Through a joint #FIFAWorldCup bid, we have the opportunity to promote and celebrate the positive impact soccer has had for millions of Americans. … .@ChrisVanHollen: After promises that the #GOPTaxScam would raise middle class wages, we’ve seen “the overwhelming amount of money going to corporations used for stock buybacks. In fact, $200 billion of stock buybacks just in the first two months of this year alone.” #GOPTaxScampic.twitter.com/ShG9bi5AJh Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill have negotiated in good faith to protect Dreamers, but you’ve torpedoed those efforts. Show real leadership or get out of the way. Policy making isn’t conducted through unhinged tweeting. … Watch this, @realDonaldTrump. Whether it’s deportation tactics that target scholarship recipients instead of gang members or the Dreamers who start to lose their protections today, your policies aren’t making our country safer—they are tearing apart families. … Trump said he wanted to treat Dreamers with “heart"—but he has sabotaged every bipartisan agreement that has been put on the table and walked away from every potential compromise to #ProtectDreamers. Don the Con strikes again. Failure to help Dreamers falls on Trump alone: Sept: He sets March 5 as the day he’ll rescind protections for Dreamers  Jan: He refuses to back any bipartisan solutions Feb: He says he’s going to treat Dreamers with “heart” March: Dreamers are in peril & he still refuses to act … Thanks to everyone who joined @BrianFrosh and me at our recent Consumer Protection Forum—where we discussed how to protect yourself from scams and our efforts to stop the Trump Admin from dismantling consumer protections. Stay tuned: we'll be doing similar events in coming weeks.pic.twitter.com/JWvCFFUffH ↓ Watch, share, and send to anyone you know who thinks the Republican tax plan is meant to help them, when the biggest windfalls are really going to big corporations, foreign stockholders, and billionaires—and the middle class will pay the bill. … Sad but not surprising that within 24 hours Trump was back to having the NRA speak for him and the NRA was happy to oblige. Same thing with Dreamers: one day he wanted a bipartisan "bill of love" and 48 hours later he was back to deportation mode. Don't be fooled by Don the Con. … Pleased to report something that has been in short supply these days: good news! Because Marylanders spoke out and we kept fighting, Pruitt has reversed his misguided decision to revoke funding from the Bay Journal. Look forward to its continued good work for years to come. … In a few minutes, I’m going live on Facebook with @BrianFrosh. We’re hosting the first in a series of Consumer Protection Forums and are committed to helping you protect your families from unfair, deceptive, predatory, and fraudulent conduct. Tune in →  pic.twitter.com/5HV8rVy1ZF From day one, Trump has exploited the Oval Office for his family’s own financial gain. First, he rammed through a tax plan that gives a windfall to Trump’s businesses. Now Kushner is getting special loans after giving WH access? President's motto: Wall Street billionaires > you. … Equifax was the biggest data breach in U.S. history and yet the CFPB has reportedly rebuffed offers from the Federal Reserve to support an investigation. This is unacceptable and Fed Chair Powell told me he would give me a status report. Will report back. … Over 700 people have signed up for the Consumer Protection Forum I am hosting tonight with @BrianFrosh—and many are worried about the Equifax data breach. The CFPB refuses to take this problem seriously, so I asked Fed Chair Powell to look into the issue today.pic.twitter.com/sAr7AkEFPC Congratulations to my good friend, Freeman Hrabowski! Under your leadership, @UMBC has become a national example of how higher education institutions can bring together students from all different backgrounds—both nationally and internationally—to make sure that they all excel. … The Trump Hotel is across the street from the current FBI HQ. Trump will benefit financially from this new plan to keep the FBI where it is and not redevelop it into commercial space. Yet GSA and FBI refused to answer when asked if he was involved in this decision. Why?pic.twitter.com/G6RZQagCdY Officials mum on whether President Trump was involved in nixing FBI headquarters project.  pic.twitter.com/Nm6HHBiecJ I’m not going to let up on the Trump Administration for abandoning the decade-long effort to fully consolidate the FBI headquarters at a more secure location. Their new plan is a 180-degree reversal from what the FBI and GSA have recommended previously will cost taxpayers more.pic.twitter.com/orON28gnsm We need ONE. MORE. VOTE. We've got to #savethenet, and you can help. WATCH, share, and help us find one more senator. #netneutrality #savetheinternet #onemorevotepic.twitter.com/8Ezms4snBB Good news is that there’s a bipartisan bill to protect our future elections: The DETER Act. Let’s pass it. … The hits keep coming. Our Cyber Command Chief says he hasn't been directed to confront Russia’s cyberattacks on our elections & that Putin hasn’t paid a price that will deter future attacks. No wonder the CIA, DNI, & State Dept. agree that Russia will interfere in our midterms. … What happened @realDonaldTrump? I thought the ‘forgotten men and women’ were supposed to get MASSIVE tax cuts? This just looks like your billionaire buddies are continuing to reap the rewards of your tax scam. … The internet doesn’t belong to @AjitPaiFCC and @realDonaldTrump, it belongs to the American people. If you agree, take action TODAY and fight to save #NetNeutrality. #OneMoreVote  Getting rid of #NetNeutrality will stifle competition and put entrenched corporate interests ahead of innovators, small businesses, and American consumers. We must fight back ↓ … We need an Internet that’s open to all, not just the highest bidder. The good news? We need just one Republican senator to vote to save #NetNeutrality. Talk to your friends, tell them to call their Republican Members of Congress! #SaveTheInternetpic.twitter.com/nnzyywsvhd Maybe if they didn’t rush through such a horrible tax plan, there wouldn’t be so many glitches? Why did Republicans think a rushed overhaul of our entire tax system—done in secret with high-priced lobbyists—was a recipe for success? Working Americans will suffer the consequences. … Thanks to you and the entire @NASAGoddard team for the work you are doing to advance our knowledge, improve our lives, and protect our planet! … Trump didn't say whether he will update his budget so it doesn’t slash funding for background checks. I want teachers' focused on teaching not shooting. Time for Trump to stop flacking for the gun industry and work on bipartisan basis to stop the carnage. Less talk, more action. … Big congrats to the U.S. Women’s Hockey Team on their gold medal win last night—especially proud of Maryland’s own @skrooops28! #GoTeamUSA … Proud to see Maryland students marching to Capitol to demand action in solidarity with Florida students. Congress must act to end the carnage from gun violence. Inaction is complicity. … We are seeing high schoolers—who just witnessed one of the worst mass shootings in history—unite our country around gun violence prevention. It’s a national disgrace that so many in Congress are captive to the gun industry and block common sense steps to reduce the bloodshed. … This is a no-brainer. It can't end here. We still have much work ahead of us and will have to reverse Trump’s budget cuts to the gun background check system. … We must prevent the resurgence of discriminatory and predatory lending practices in Baltimore and elsewhere in the country. That's why we must stop Trump and Mulvaney from gutting efforts to stop those abuses. I hope you’ll join me in this fight. … "If you're Vladimir Putin and your thinking of messing around ...you've gotta realize your gonna have a guillotine coming down in terms of sanctions."  -Sen. Chris Van Hollen explains his proposed DETER act  On this President's Day, we should all be concerned that the current president refuses to defend our democracy from foreign interference. He attacks our FBI while praising Putin. Congress needs to take immediate action before the 2018 elections to pass the bipartisan DETER Act.pic.twitter.com/PZdd25pwWA Being the Commander-in-Chief means spending less time harassing people on Twitter and more time taking responsibly for your actions. We're in this mess because you set March 5th as the Dreamer deportation date and then threatened to veto a bipartisan solution. … Robert Mueller is doing his job. The Russians interfered in our 2016 elections and our intel chiefs say it will happen again. Now it’s time for Congress to act. There’s a clear solution to prevent Putin from interfering in our elections again: The DETER Act. … It was an honor to celebrate Maryland’s own Frederick Douglass in the U.S. Capitol, be sworn in as a member of the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission, and introduce a @kmorrisjr—a direct descendant of Douglass and a friend. #FrederickDouglass200 #BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/eFuV30ZknH Only one person to blame for the mess we’re in: Trump. He terminated the DACA program and—despite his promise to support a bipartisan fix that included his full request for border security—he opposed it. What a fraud: he never cared about the Dreamers and wants to deport them. We should be making it easier for people with disabilities to lead independent lives, not harder. #HR620 will turn back the clock for some of our most vulnerable populations, and every House member who voted for this should be ashamed. I will fight this in the Senate. … Over and over again, I hear the survivors of gun violence tell Congress to take action. But like clockwork, the GOP leadership blocks common-sense measures proven to save lives. Who do you work for, the American people or the NRA? Inaction is complicity. … We must do everything in our power to stop this horror. How many more shootings will it take for Congress to stop talking and take action? Lack of action is complicity. … The numbers don’t lie: Trump is just putting his name on the strong economy he inherited from the Obama Administration.pic.twitter.com/o9GEICWRhq Citing a history of predatory lending in Baltimore, Van Hollen, Cardin question enforcement changes at CFPB. … Why is Mick Mulvaney, as the head of the @CFPB, standing up for scammers instead of American consumers?pic.twitter.com/JcYkGJYSNC It was great speaking to the students from Harriet Tubman Middle School over at the @LibraryCongress about the life and achievements of a compassionate and courageous Marylander, and a great American—Harriet Tubman. #BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/hGPNeuQz9r Coats Pompeo Tillerson  … All have recently warned that Russia will interfere in our elections again. So why aren’t we doing anything? Congress has a solution to address this, let's pass the bipartisan DETER Act. … I’m sure his spokesman probably didn’t think being on the side of predatory payday lenders was a good look? Either way, Mulvaney just revealed which side he’s on. … Demolition and rebuilding at the current site will also disrupt operations and send 20% of the workforce to locations across the country. It is a complete reversal from what the GSA and FBI have recommended previously, and Congress should reject this irresponsible proposal. It's outrageous that the Trump Administration would abandon a decade of effort toward the full consolidation of the FBI headquarters. Instead, they have put forward a hastily-written plan that will take more time and will likely cost taxpayers more money. … Hidden in Trump’s budget: An entirely immoral cut to food and nutrition programs for needy Americans. After giving millionaires and corporations big tax cuts, Trump now wants to take away $200B worth of food from low-income Americans. … The other shoe drops: After borrowing $1.5 trillion to finance a tax cut for big corporations and millionaires, the Trump budget pays for it by cutting Medicare, Medicaid, and parts of Social Security. It doesn't forget the "forgotten Americans"—it makes their lives harder. To be clear, this Trump budget is not about deficit reduction. Even after cooking to books, they still can’t even balance the budget. This is just a plan to stack the deck even more for the wealthy and powerful and against working families. It’s a disaster for America’s leadership in the world, gutting the State Department while ramping up spending for nukes and the border wall. It’s a disaster for our environment. It drastically limits the EPA’s ability to safeguard our environment and the Chesapeake Bay. It’s a disaster for federal workers. It would cut federal retirement benefits by more than $150B over 10 years. It’s a disaster for students. It would make it even harder for Americans to pay back their student loans, and eliminates programs to recruit and train top-notch teachers in public schools. It’s a disaster for families struggling to make ends meet.  It would cut Social Security Disability Insurance—breaking Trump’s promise not to cut Social Security—and gut programs that help provide a basic standard of living for working families. It’s a disaster for our health care system. It would repeal the ACA using the same tired Graham-Cassidy bill we defeated and leave 21M+ uninsured, on top of the 13M who would no longer have coverage due to the tax bill. It also takes a sledgehammer to Medicaid and Medicare. Here’s my initial take on the President’s budget plan. I’ve worked on a number of budgets over the years, and I’ve never seen a budget so willing to squeeze working families in order to pay for a massive tax giveaway to the very wealthy and big corporations. .@ChrisVanHollen honors Madeline Carwile of Silver Spring, MD  “Earning my Congressional Award Gold Medal was a great experience that taught me the value of goal-setting & helped me become the person I am today.” #gold2018 #earnedit #myawardjourney #goforgold #congressionalawardpic.twitter.com/S70HIZnj0Y Mr. President, your own FBI and DOJ said the Republican memo was misleading, yet you still released it. If transparency was your motive, why are you preventing the release of real facts? Your efforts to derail the Mueller investigation won’t stop us from getting the truth. … Best of luck to @TeamUSA and all of the athletes representing Maryland at the 2018 Winter Olympics! We’ll be rooting for you. #PyeongChang2018 … Glad to have the opportunity to visit Hagerstown Regional Airport and Sierra Nevada Hangar up in Western Maryland—combined they help support 1,600 jobs in Maryland. … US Sen. @ChrisVanHollen introduces bill that could help @UMESNews & 18 other land-grant HBCUs - @47ABC - WMDT … I’m proud to introduce this critical piece of legislation in the Senate. Historically Black Land-Grant Universities like @UMESNews are critical centers for higher education in our country and deserve the same financial flexibility as their peers. … This week, as we celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth, I introduced legislation with @SenDavidPerdue, @SenThomTillis, and @SenSherrodBrown to provide 1890s Land-Grant Universities with the same financial flexibility currently enjoyed by their peers. … We have finally reached a bipartisan budget agreement, which is a win for families in Maryland and across the country. And the fight to protect our Dreamers continues in earnest. Here are some of the things we fought for and Marylanders won: … If there was any doubt about who was rooting for a government shutdown, Trump let us know. The country would be better off if he would take an extended trip to Mar-a-Lago and let Congress work out a bipartisan agreement. … Equifax was the biggest data breach in U.S. history, and now the CFPB—under Trump’s management—puts the brakes on this investigation? That’s totally unacceptable. We cannot let the Trump Administration abdicate their responsibility to protect American consumers. … While Trump wants to take credit for every uptick in the stock market and one-time bonuses from some corporations, he refuses to acknowledge their sizeable layoffs and Wall Street paydays. Here’s yet another example: … Distorting intelligence information for political purposes is a gross abuse of power. Despite strong objections from his own Justice Department & FBI, Trump has compromised our national security—to protect himself. This is a clear attempt to derail Mueller's search for the truth. … The job of the EPA is to protect our environment and the health of all Americans—but instead we see a raft of political decisions that undermine its integrity, including the politically motivated termination of the Chesapeake Bay Journal Cooperative Agreement.pic.twitter.com/Mw2DCuNNRm This is a breach of trust by the Speaker of the House. Paul Ryan has a constitutional obligation to the American people. He must protect the integrity of the House Intelligence Committee and congressional oversight of the executive branch. #NunesMemopic.twitter.com/64pFIss8kZ Why are Republicans going to such lengths to try to undermine the Mueller investigation into Trump? #NunesMemopic.twitter.com/aoRijRVFBn I recognize that this bill will not pass in the current GOP-controlled Congress but we still must organize for meaningful action on climate change. The public is way ahead of the Congress on this issue. Time to change that. It’s a win-win-win—boosting middle-class pocketbooks, growing good-paying jobs, and reducing carbon pollution. This week I introduced the Healthy Climate and Family Security Act with @RepDonBeyer. This ‘cap and dividend’ approach is a simple, fair, and effective plan to address the dangers of climate change.pic.twitter.com/dlHjgCMAt6 To sum up #SOTU: I liked "My fellow Americans." It was pretty much all downhill after that. Should he decide to pursue an agenda that puts working families first—on economic issues, on infrastructure investments, on protecting our #Dreamers—@SenateDems stand ready to work with him. But if he refuses to change his ways, we will fight him tooth and nail. #SOTU At every turn, Trump has broken promises to the middle class and made life harder for people in Maryland and across the country. #SOTU The Administration’s unrelenting efforts to tear immigrant families apart and waste taxpayers’ money on an ineffective wall has put thousands of families in crisis. And in both word and deed, Trump has diminished our stature around the world and undermined our national security. While Trump wants to take credit for every uptick in the stock market and one-time bonuses from major corporations, he refuses to acknowledge their sizeable layoffs and Wall Street paydays. #SOTU He is quick to invoke the ‘forgotten’ men and women when it’s useful in a speech, but he didn’t give them a second thought when he passed enormous tax breaks for millionaires and corporations—and asked millions of American children, workers, and seniors to foot the bill. #SOTU Instead of starting his presidency with a single bipartisan proposal, Trump made an all-out assault on Americans’ health care. #SOTU The American people deserve a leader who spends less time patting his own back and more time having their backs. Unfortunately, what we’ve seen from Trump has been anything but real leadership. #SOTU Just got back from #SOTU. Here are my thoughts: President Trump was eager to take credit for things he had nothing to do with and ignore the harm he has imposed on the country over the last year. #AYearofTrump could have focused on real tax reform that helped the middle class. But he was hell-bent on giving unprecedented tax cuts to big corporations and the very wealthy—and is forcing working Americans to pay the price. #SOTU Before I head out to watch the President give his State of the Union Address, I wanted to reflect on Trump’s first year in office—it’s one that has brought with it one of the most significant tests of our democracy in our lifetime. #YearofTrump #SOTU … As Pompeo said yesterday, Russia will interfere again in 2018 midterm elections. The United States cannot turn a blind eye. The bipartisan DETER Act sends a powerful message to Russia or any hostile actor: if you attack American elections, you will face severe consequences. Trump has refused to hold Russia accountable for interfering in our elections. Instead, he has repeatedly denied our intel community’s findings and praised Putin. Now he is ignoring the sanctions law Congress passed by a vote of 517-5. This cannot stand. … Pruitt likes to say that the EPA needs “to work together with the states.” Meanwhile, the Trump Administration proposed zeroing out funding for critical state programs, like those that help keep the Chesapeake Bay healthy. #StateofPollution … This morning I had the honor of meeting Fred and Cindy Warmbier. Their son Otto was imprisoned by the North Koreans, released in a coma, and died six days after his return to the United States. Congress must honor their son’s memory and pass the Otto Warmbier #BRINKAct. Mnuchin told the American people there would be “no absolute tax cut for the upper class” and Trump said "everybody" in the middle class would get a tax cut. So why are 376,000 Maryland families now paying higher taxes while millionaires get an average yearly tax cut of $64,000?pic.twitter.com/PvpP3PPUt5 Tonight Senate Republicans will force a vote on a bill to deny women their right to make their own reproductive health decisions. I will vote NO. Women—not politicians, not their bosses, or anyone else—should make these decisions as already upheld by the courts. Trump's betrayal of the "forgotten Americans" was on full display in Davos where global financial elites gushed over his corporate tax cuts and he got a "good reception from billionaire investors." No surprise as they all got even richer while Americans are left to pay the bill. It's been an honor to work with @CecileRichards in the battle for freedom, women's rights and equality. Her courage, dedication, leadership, and hard work are unmatched. Sad to see you go, but glad to know you’ll still be engaged in the good fight! … It's great that @RosLehtinen and @RepSchneider have introduced the House companion of the bipartisan #DETERAct. There is nothing more important to our democracy than making sure we protect the integrity of the electoral process. … We’re just learning that the President attempted a second Saturday Night Massacre. Trump’s contempt for our democracy and the rule of law knows no bottom. What is he afraid of? We must protect the Mueller investigation—the American people deserve the truth. … This Administration's move to side with predatory payday lenders reveals their true intentions for the @CFPB. We cannot let the Trump Administration gut an agency that has looked out for working people since day one—this news deserves more attention. … There have been 11 school shootings this year. It’s only January 25th. If that makes you angry and you agree that inaction is complicity, call Republican Members of Congress and insist they say NO to the NRA and YES to common sense gun safety bills. … For everyone who thinks the #GOPTaxScam will help working Americans, they should read this. Does using a tax windfall to lay off over 5K employees sound like putting America first? … Larry Nassar’s actions are disgusting, reprehensible, and unforgivable. It should never have taken this long for justice to be served. We owe it to the over 160 brave women who spoke out to make sure this never happens again. … We're calling on @SecretaryZinke to keep public lands in public hands. #KeepItPublicpic.twitter.com/KBOS6gmzyx Thanks for the support, @JoeBiden. The DETER Act sends an unequivocal message to Russia and any other foreign actor who may follow its example: if you attack our democracy, the consequences will be severe. … Trump said he was for America First, but it turns out he is for Wall Street firms first and American workers last. Thanks to his action, 20,000 American workers who install solar panels will lose their jobs as consumers are forced to pay more for solar energy. … Congratulations to my friend @SenDuckworth – very excited for you and your family! … We must now pass the Dreamers bill in Senate and bring full weight of public to pass in House. … We now have a commitment from the GOP to provide funding for key priorities like community health centers, fighting the opioid epidemic, and – something they have refused to do before – a promise to vote on a bipartisan bill to protect Dreamers. GOP says they want to end the shutdown and negotiate in good faith. Then why did they just object to a motion by @timkaine to keep the government open through Tuesday while we work to resolve key issues? Federal employees didn't cause this shutdown and they shouldn't be punished for it. As we work to end the shutdown, @SenatorCardin and I supported a motion to ensure that these employees would be paid in full after the shutdown. Shameful that McConnell objected to the motion.pic.twitter.com/sqW561LqnA On the one year anniversary of President Trump’s inauguration, his incompetence has resulted in a government shutdown and he doesn’t even seem to care. #TrumpShutdownpic.twitter.com/OMlnTeHGMH Working hard to reopen the government. Pleased to support @SenatorCardin in offering a motion to ensure that fed employees get paid in full after the shutdown. They didn’t create this mess and shouldn’t be punished. Shameful that @SenateMajLdr just objected to this effort! We urgently need to come together as one Congress and find an immediate solution. I’m headed to the Democratic Caucus meeting to talk about keeping our government funded. I’ll provide an update on next steps as soon as I’m back. Last night @SenateDems were all willing to pass a short-term CR (1-3) days with no additional demands or conditions—just to keep the United States government and the negotiations open. We tried to do that with a Unanimous Consent Request, and it was blocked by @SenateMajLdr. Great speaking alongside @ChrisVanHollen today at #baltimorewomensmarch @womensmarch @womensmarchbaltpic.twitter.com/x4CjrIdrhH President Trump once said we need a "good government shutdown." I have news for Trump: there are no good government shutdowns. More inaction is a disservice to all Americans—including hardworking federal employees in Maryland. McConnell needs to work on a bipartisan basis to fund the government—instead of waiting for Trump to tweet out his next set of marching orders. It’s doubly outrageous that Senate Republicans wouldn’t even vote to keep the government open for three more days to resolve these issues in a bipartisan manner. We have to stay here until we get this done! After months of kicking the can down the road, I am extremely disappointed that President Trump and the Republicans have chosen to shut down the government rather than negotiating in good faith to reach a bipartisan agreement to address the priorities of the American people. .@ChrisVanHollen: This president, through either design or incompetence, is taking this country into a government shutdown. #TrumpShutdownpic.twitter.com/0KnXgZJmBI .@ChrisVanHollen delivers the Weekly Democratic Address ahead of #AYearofTrump and a possible #TrumpShutdown. But, he still has "faith in the resiliency, judgement, and goodness of the American people.”  WATCH:pic.twitter.com/BY7tQwEGTM I am confident we have the votes in Senate for a bipartisan budget agreement but @SenateMajLdr wants to first "figure out" what @realDonaldTrump wants. Why are we outsourcing our constitutional duties to a dysfunctional White House and "uninformed" president? This weekend marks the anniversary of President Trump’s first year in office— a year that has brought with it one of the most significant tests of our democracy in our lifetime. I gave the Democratic Weekly Address to talk about how we move forward as a country.pic.twitter.com/XF0aBMVfl3 Senator @ChrisVanHollen was on the floor talking #TrumpShutdown. WATCH:  … … We are on the verge of a government shutdown. I’m headed to the Senate floor to talk about why Congress must stop the dysfunction and work together to better serve the American people. The clock is ticking. Tune in:  .pic.twitter.com/iUSn3WKvZN I spoke to @NPRinskeep this morning about the President’s lack of leadership as we face a potential government shutdown. Listen here: … Bipartisan letter from Senator @ChrisVanHollen & @RepAndyHarrisMD highlights why weakening the @FCC’s definition of #broadband would be bad for rural America. I agree!pic.twitter.com/468wGrfheM We could avoid a government shutdown by sitting down and coming to an agreement that would get the support of a majority of both sides. That's what we should have been working on last year, instead of rushing through the Trump-Republican tax scam. .@ChrisVanHollen: “The main issue here is all of us are in favor of border security. What we've been against is wasting taxpayer money on an ineffective wall...if it comes to trying to have the most effective border security, I'm willing to look at those proposals." #MTPDaily Our elections are in danger. Congress must defend them.  … by @marcorubio & @ChrisVanHollen Once again the BIG winners in Trump world: billionaires, foreign stockholders, hedge fund managers, and banks. Losers: In one way or another, everyone else.   Yes. This is a pattern. … “Russia would have to think very long and hard before interfering in our future elections, because the penalties would be very severe” –@ChrisVanHollen on Bipartisan Deter Act, which would set clear consequences for foreign interference in US elections … ICYMI: @WhipHoyer, @RepAnthonyBrown, and I held an event in Prince George’s County to discuss the harmful impact the #GOPTaxScam will have on Marylanders. Maryland must take action to protect itself.pic.twitter.com/CYbU7pVkJN Today, along with @ChrisVanHollen, I introduced bipartisan legislation to defend our elections from meddling by foreign powers. … New bill from @marcorubio & @ChrisVanHollen targets Russia, others for future election interference | @NicoleCNN … The United States must do everything possible to prevent these attacks in the future by establishing harsh consequences for meddling in our elections. Today, @MarcoRubio are introducing the bipartisan DETER Act to do just that. … While the 2016 election may have left our country divided on many issues, it exposed one critical problem that should unite all Americans: our democratic process is vulnerable to attacks by hostile foreign powers. Glad to hear that there have been no reported injuries—but Metro has a lot of work to do to ensure our system is safe. I’ve asked @NTSB and @wmata for more information on the incident and will work to get to the bottom of this issue. … We have made progress towards achieving Dr. King’s dream, but we still have a long journey ahead—and we must resist those who want to drag us backwards. #MLKJrDay … It was great to join hundreds of volunteers today in Ellicott City for #MLKDayofService. Together, we helped package over 90,000 meals for people in need. #MLKJrDaypic.twitter.com/IVPaCV5X3e To impugn @SenatorDurbin's integrity is disgraceful. Whether you agree with him on the issues or not, he is one of the most honorable members of the Senate. This is great news! This is a question of both basic decency and economic security. No one in our nation should have to choose between going to a doctor and keeping a job—I’m proud that Maryland is leading the charge on this important issue. … LIVE: I'm with @ChrisVanHollen and @RepAnthonyBrown in Prince George's County to discuss the impact that the GOP's disastrous tax law will have on MD families. … Over 360,000 Maryland households will soon get tax hikes under the new #GOPTaxScam. Other states are working to protect their residents, which is why the entire Maryland Democratic Delegation wrote to @LarryHogan to demand action now.pic.twitter.com/yXJmQgdhV2 So appalling. Immigrants helped build this country and are, in fact, what makes it great. We need to pass the SECURE Act to protect #TPS … I am disgusted. If you are too, take your anger and call your Republican Members of Congress. Tell them to pass the SECURE Act now. TPS recipients need us now more than ever. … cc: @SecretaryZinke and @realDonaldTrump, thoughts? … After giving massive handouts to billionaires, the Trump Administration is now attempting to rip away health care from the most vulnerable Americans? Just when we thought this Administration couldn't go any lower, they find a way. … Hey @SenDonnelly if you were trying to stump folks with the @NYTimes crossword you wrote this morning, I’ve got two words for you: AIR BALL!pic.twitter.com/H1A1qRHawA Is this a political favor for a Republican governor, and an attempt to protect the beaches at Mar-a-Lago? Either way, how about protecting Maryland’s beautiful coastline as well, @SecretaryZinke? … I guess I can take a break from my New Year’s resolution for birthday cake, right? Thanks to my wonderful staff for the warm birthday wishes and sweet treats!pic.twitter.com/CgE0UtIKmz Our fight isn’t over yet. We still need enough votes to overturn the @FCC’s order revoking #NetNeutrality. Keep calling your Members of Congress!  … Thank you to @mdnonprofits for inviting me to speak about why the recently passed federal tax plan is bad for Maryland and will be harmful to the important mission of Maryland nonprofits. Maryland's Governor and General Assembly will need to enact a measure to limit the damage. … In case you were wondering how much it costs to fund CHIP vs. how much it costs to give big corporations a tax cut… … For Marylanders like Oscar and Jaime and the over 200,000 Salvadoran immigrants that call our country home, we must fight back against the Trump Administration’s cruel decision to deport families who have lived here legally for decades. … Congress should act now to pass the SECURE Act and provide qualified TPS  recipients with access to legal permanent residency. Many Salvadorans, Haitians & Nicaraguans have lived, worked and paid taxes in the US  for decades. This is their home. We must #SaveTPS. Mr. President, how is deporting legal immigrants—who have lived here for decades and played by the rules—going to make us any safer? Republicans who care about standing up for the values enshrined in the Statue of Liberty should condemn this decision and support the SECURE Act. … Trump is now calling up the FBI and asking them to use taxpayer $$ to investigate his former political opponent? This is behavior we usually see from tin-pot dictators in banana republics, not the President of the United States. Are there no Republican statesmen left to object? … Here’s another example of what a con job the #GOPTaxScam is. Instead of giving windfall tax breaks to the very wealthy and special interests, we need to invest in growing our economy and creating jobs. … What do you get when you add a 7 year old science wiz kid, a US Senator, and a long distance call to the @Space_Station?   Watch to find out: … We need to both address the current crisis & invest in alternative forms of pain management—NIH is key, & I support the plan to double its budget. Would be helpful if Trump stopped trying to cut the NIH budget & matched his rhetoric with real resources to fight this epidemic. … Words are nice, but they aren’t enough. We can continue talking about the opioid epidemic or we start doing something by devoting resources to make sure people get the treatment they need. … In 1973, Trump the “businessman” was sued for housing discrimination by the Nixon Administration. And now in 2018, as President, Trump wants to make it harder for communities to address patterns of racial residential segregation.   Shameful. I will fight this in the Senate. … We should not be using federal law enforcement resources to lock people up for the use of marijuana. In fact, no one should be jailed for marijuana use. I strongly oppose AG Session’s decision yesterday. … We have to ensure our kids have safe—and heated—schools. As Maryland’s voice on the Appropriations Committee, I’m fighting for increased federal funding for schools across the state. In the meantime, I sent a letter to @LarryHogan and @MayorPugh about getting heating ASAP.pic.twitter.com/UMJFfA2Y5R Listen to @AaronMMaybin—he’s right, this is unacceptable. Thank you for raising awareness and raising money on your own but we need to work out a long-term solution too. Just sent a letter to @LarryHogan and @MayorPugh about how we can work together to resolve this immediately. … After providing huge windfall tax breaks to big corporations, Trump is now giving a New Year's gift to Big Oil at the expense of our fishermen and coastal communities. Never thought of Big Oil and big corporations as the "forgotten" Americans. … Look who I ran into today…. two newly minted senators, @GDouglasJones and @SenTinaSmith. Great way to ring in the first week of 2018.pic.twitter.com/PoBPZUmGzf …. And sometimes you get schooled on compounds by kid geniuses. Thanks for joining me to wish @astro_ricky safe travels as he heads to the @Space_Station this March, Romanieo!pic.twitter.com/UkBMLynUfY The pain associated with losing a child to substance abuse is one that no parent should ever have to endure. It takes tremendous courage, grit, resolve, and strength to speak out. Thank you, Rick. … Welcome to the Senate, @SenTinaSmith and @GDouglasJones. Looking forward to working with you both! … Our office had the opportunity to work with Anne closely throughout the years—she’ll be missed greatly by all who knew her. Thoughts go out to her family, her friends, and the entire @SenatorCardin team. … It’s 2018. Today 14,464 Dreamers have lost their DACA status—1,464 since Congress adjourned. In the words of the Archbishop of Baltimore, the Trump Administration needs to show mercy on our Dreamers. Let's get back to work and pass the #DreamAct now. … Today 14,099 Dreamers have lost their DACA status—1,098 since Congress adjourned. Let's get back to work and pass the #DreamAct now, @SenateGOP. The Trump Administration’s plans to shutter America’s refugee offices is an attack on everything our country stands for and makes us less safe. … In the wise words of @Pontifex, history will indeed judge climate change deniers. … Today 13,856 Dreamers have lost their DACA status—854 since Congress adjourned. Let's get back to work and pass the #DreamAct now, @SenateGOP. As of today 13,613 Dreamers have lost their DACA status—610 since Congress adjourned. Let's get back to work and pass the #DreamAct now, @SenateGOP. In this season of hope, our family is reminded of the saying that "it's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness." We hope you will light a candle and that the joy of this season will sustain you for the coming year. Happy holidays!pic.twitter.com/UousTMwG1O We cannot remain silent as Republicans refuse to pass the #DreamAct. Just since December 1st, 2,806 Dreamers have lost their DACA status. As GOP senators enjoy the holiday season with family, I’ll be updating them about how many more Dreamers are at risk since Congress adjourned. Trump gives himself and his buddies a windfall tax break before heading to Mar-a-Lago? How fitting. This is all about Trump First, not America First. … Back in April, I wrote to Deutsche Bank asking about the conflicts of interest between the bank and President Trump. Have yet to hear a good answer back, but maybe in the new year @DeutscheBank?pic.twitter.com/LDSkmPL8lP This is a good first step in providing the American people with a clearer picture of the Trump Administration’s relationship with Deutsche Bank and their Russian money-laundering scandal. … What’s the #GOPTaxBill worth? To @realDonaldTrump, $11 Million. … Here's President Trump's check writing, whoops, I meant bill signing ceremony today. How would you like to sign a check over to yourself and your family worth $11M per year? Yes, a very big Christmas gift from Trump to himself. … Republicans had MONTHS to pass a long-term budget, fund CHIP, and pass the Dream Act. But instead of focusing on real priorities, they decided windfall tax breaks for billionaires was more important. We can’t just keep kicking the can down the road. I voted NO on the CR. Trump stands to save millions under new tax measure, experts say  We had 48 Democrats who wanted to send the bill back to committee to close the carried interest loophole. Trump wants us to believe he couldn’t find 2 Republicans to join us? Give me a break! These guys don't keep their word on anything. … Just got back from voting on one of the worst pieces of legislation this country has seen in a long time. It’s sad that the greatest deliberative body in the world just prioritized a windfall giveaway to corporations and billionaires while these real priorities remain unresolved.pic.twitter.com/MdPq2ixVUd Actually, people will get even madder when they discover that millions pay more while foreign stockholders get a huge tax windfall. Out of the pockets of American middle-class families into bank accounts of wealthy foreigners... not a winning result. … Today the House GOP passed a massive handout to multinational corporations—leaving everyone else to pick up the tab one way or another. But it's not over yet. The Senate will vote tonight. Keep calling and speaking out! Senate Republicans can still do the right thing and vote NO. … Top award for cowardice? Quite competitive, but goes to 12 Republican California House members who voted for tax bill that sought to politically punish their state thru higher taxes, cuts in health & education. If those 12 opposed, bill fails 215-215.  Lots to explain in 2018. As I read the fantasies and misinformation from many of my Republican colleagues about their final tax plan, I realize…. they may want to consider a second career in fiction writing. AARP comes out against  the tax bill. They are "deeply concerned" this bill won't leave US with enough $$ for Medicare and Medicaid. They also say the bill will "likely increase taxes" for many older Americans.  #TaxBillpic.twitter.com/nC6gL4WzWY Under the final #GOPTaxScam, those making more than $1M a year will get an average tax cut of $70,000 in 2018 alone. Quite the stocking stuffer for Trump and his friends, bah humbug to everyone else. …. Unless you are one of the 8M families who makes less than $200,000 and will get a tax increase in 2018. … No kidding, when you borrow $$ to give big corporations a huge tax cut, their profits will go up. In fact, foreign stockholders will get a $48B windfall in 2019 while millions of middle-class Americans pay more taxes. So much for "America First.” … TRUE or FALSE: The Republican tax plan is a massive rip off for the middle class? WATCH:pic.twitter.com/28cBZV44qv Maryland, news! The deadline to #GetCovered is now extended until this Friday. Don’t forget to enroll, you still have a few days left.  Spoke to @GStephanopoulos this morning about sly last-minute additions to the Republican tax plan and how the scam is a total betrayal of Trump’s economic populist message on the campaign trail.pic.twitter.com/FSLrV5815L This sly last minute addition to the #GOPTaxScam particularly benefits one group: Real estate moguls like @realDonaldTrump. Urging my Republican colleagues to put personal profit and politics aside, it’s still not too late to do the right thing. … Sen. @ChrisVanHollen tells @GStephanopoulos the GOP tax plan is a “total betrayal of President Trump's economic populist message on the campaign trail.”   #ThisWeekpic.twitter.com/kbvubV90Xm Sen. @ChrisVanHollen on Mueller investigation: “What is the White House afraid of? Let’s let them finish the job, and get the facts.”   #ThisWeekpic.twitter.com/KF9oxZhXoj JUST IN: Dem Sen. @ChrisVanHollen says revelations from @IBTimes investigative reports require GOP to stop the tax bill.  …pic.twitter.com/BUUDeSIljE If Republicans are so proud of their tax bill, what’s up with the Friday night news dump? Special interest lobbyists get to review (and change it) all day before the GOP releases it on a Friday night with the intent to railroad it through Monday and Tuesday. Stop the scam! … .@ChrisVanHollen: "What the Republican bill does is provide this huge corporate tax cut...How is that putting middle-class folks first?" #MTPDaily It’s time this country takes a cold hard look in the mirror and asks itself: why haven’t we taken common-sense measures to reduce the toll of gun violence in this country? Enough is enough. Inaction is complicity. #SandyHook … Despite public outcry from throughout the country, the Trump Administration just voted to side with big corporations over the majority of American consumers. Call your Republican Members of Congress now. #NetNeutrality … Watch LIVE: @SenateDems standing with families impacted by the #opioidcrisis demanding that any year-end spending deal must include money to battle this public health crisis:   … The GOP's big compromise is to cut the tax rate for millionaires? On top of a massive giveaway to corporations? No wonder their tax scam has an approval rating of 29%. … Spoiler alert: Hope you’re ready for my Senate Secret Santa gift @SenMarkey—straight from the salty waters of the Chesapeake Bay.pic.twitter.com/dqrS6A7DYN As we learned in Alabama—every phone call and every vote counts. Keep up the energy and ask McConnell to do the right thing for the country by allowing Doug Jones to vote on their tax plan.pic.twitter.com/tHPy7tvtw3 Even in this fact-free Administration, I never thought I would see the Secretary of Treasury engage in such intellectual dishonesty. Notice how not a single professional would put their name on his one-page analysis? This would make the Enron crowd blush. … Glad Grassley is speaking up—more Republicans need to. We can’t just let Trump get away with rubber stamping completely unfit judicial nominees. … There is no reason Republicans have to rush major legislation—that will impact our entire economy—just to score a political win for their donors. … On @Morning_Joe I talked about Doug Jones and why McConnell must seat Jones before we vote on any tax reform plan.pic.twitter.com/4eWYfnDxVX "In one of the most Republican states in the nation, the people of Alabama chose common decency and integrity over partisan politics. Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee did the opposite... and we will make sure voters do not forget it." - Chris Van Hollen via @NPR We should be ready to make some noise if McConnell doesn’t seat Jones before we vote on tax reform. Alabamians deserve to have their voices fully heard. Doug Jones hasn’t even stepped foot in the Senate yet and he’s already defending the millions of vulnerable children at risk if Republicans don’t fund CHIP. … Trump loses America wins. Today in Alabama we witnessed the triumph of dignity over partisanship and decency over Trumpism. The country will not forget that Alabama voted for hope and Trump sided with a suspected serial child sexual abuser who wanted to drag America backwards. Looks like stars fell on Alabama tonight. Welcome, @GDouglasJones! We are thrilled to have a tireless fighter for equality, justice, and working people representing Alabamians in the United States Senate. In just 2 days, the @FCC majority will vote to repeal the nation’s #NetNeutrality rules. Today I will offer my colleagues an alternative proposal to #SaveNetNeutrality. Your thoughts?pic.twitter.com/sFQW3yi6KK This piece should be required reading for any of my Republican colleagues who claim that their tax plan will help working families and put America first. … Far from the public hearing room, the AG Cttee just voted to confirm Trump’s pick for USDA General Counsel—Stephen Vaden. He has spent most of his career working on voter suppression cases and has virtually no legal experience on AG issues. Need to fight this on the Senate floor! … Tax scheme of the Republican fiscal hawks: Step 1: Pass a tax bill that blows up debt by over $1 trillion Step 2: Complain that the debt is too high Step 3: Cut Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and education programs Step 4: Pop champagne because their donors are ecstatic! I’ve received over 2,000 phone calls and 7,000 letters opposing the Republican tax plan. Keep the energy up and tell your friends around the country to call their Republican Members of Congress. This fight is not over! There’s only a few more days left of open enrollment, don’t forget to sign up for health care! #GetCovered  Enjoying today's #ArmyNavy game with my son Nick—as I did many years ago with my dad. As Marylanders, we’re rooting for the Midshipmen of Annapolis all the way. But don’t worry, we’ll go easy on the West Point Cadet fans! #GoNavypic.twitter.com/FFnmL4BAgo Good. Keep going. Open enrollment is only until December 15th. Make sure to #GetCovered before it’s too late. … Now that we have  the details on Trump tax plan, is it as bad as we feared on encouraging shifting profits, operations and jobs overseas? The verdict? Its worse. … Maryland, don’t forget to #GetCovered before December 15th—that’s the last day of open enrollment. … I know I’ve said this before, BUT it’s still INSANE to me that Republicans are pushing for legislation that their constituents don’t even want! All for the sake of making their donors happy. … My Senate colleagues and I from MD, NJ, NY, & CA wrote this to House Republicans from our state: If #GOPTaxPlan is supposed to be a tax cut, then why is it raising taxes on our states? Congress cannot force these partisan tax increases on our constituents without your support.pic.twitter.com/KqV5Wtlahn Why put innocent taxpayers—who are in the U.S. legally and continue to play by the rules—in danger? We need to pass the SECURE Act now. … Unconscionable and shameful that in the wake of the massacres in Las Vegas and Sutherland Springs, House Republicans voted to once again do the bidding of the NRA and allow even more guns to flow across state lines. Will do everything I can to stop this measure in the Senate. … Thanks to members of @USSenate who requested to increase the federal matching rate in Medicaid and eliminate funding caps for PR as part of the relief efforts.Thank you for advocating for the well being of 3.5 million American citizens living in PR. @SenBobCasey @ChrisVanHollenpic.twitter.com/7byC5TWJHm Dear House Republicans from MD, NJ, NY, & CA: If this is supposed to be a tax cut, then why is it raising taxes on our states? Congress cannot force these partisan tax increases on our constituents without your support.pic.twitter.com/qPD0vSTS6s This shouldn’t be about Democrats vs. Republicans. Repealing the state and local tax deduction means unfair double taxation no matter who you voted for. … Couldn’t agree more, @SenCapito. There’s no reason this bipartisan program shouldn’t be reauthorized—and 142,300 kids in Maryland alone are counting on us to get this done. … Sen. @ChrisVanHollen weighs in on the GOP's Senate and House tax reform bills: "Both these bills are rotten to their core." #CheddarLIVEpic.twitter.com/IgWIeMUQB9 Mad about this headline? Me too—tell your friends to call their Republican Members of Congress. … Mr. President, take a listen to the Woody Guthrie song. The lyrics are "this land belongs to you and me" NOT "this land belongs to powerful special interests and oil companies.” See you in court. … In just a few minutes, @TimKaine, @CoryBooker, and I will rally for the #DreamAct with @FWD_us and @amprog. I’ll be live streaming it on my Facebook page, tune in:   #Consumer Alert! Be wary of telephone calls that appear to be from Baltimore Gas & Electric. The callers threaten to shut off power for non-payment unless the consumer sends money. #scam #impersonator  Congrats to one of our Hopkins physicists for being recognized for his breakthrough discovery and to @NASAGoddard for the role they played! Stories like this give me confidence that the spark of human inspiration will continue despite efforts in Washington to turn back the clock. … Spoke with @rachelnpr about the Republican tax heist, Dream Act, and CHIP on @MorningEdition. Take a listen: … I’ve received over 600 phone calls, 100 letters, and 11,000 emails from Marylanders opposing the Trump Administration’s efforts to dismantle #NetNeutrality. Keep up the fight because the next two weeks are critical—I’m right here with you fighting too. It’s a packed house at the Gaithersburg Library as Senator @ChrisVanHollen excoriates the tax bill that passed the Senate. It will harm MD.pic.twitter.com/pcJbzOnT0J – bei Gaithersburg Regional Library 51 Senate Republicans voted to commit one of the biggest legislative heists in history. Robbed millions of middle class Americans to give giant tax cuts to corporations—and many foreign stockholders. Their donors will clink champagne glasses while others will pick up the tab. It’s insane that we can’t even have the weekend to read a tax plan that’s going to impact the entire country for years to come. … I was just handed a 479-page tax bill a few hours before the vote. One page literally has hand scribbled policy changes on it that can’t be read. This is Washington, D.C. at its worst.  Montanans deserve so much better.pic.twitter.com/q6lTpXoXS0 Sen. Durbin is trying to enter this page into the record, and can't because nobody can read it.  This is a page of the tax bill. That we're voting on. Tonight. In the United States Senate. … Michael Flynn’s guilty plea today casts a dark shadow on this Administration and the Trump campaign’s actions throughout the election. My full statement ↓pic.twitter.com/bB7RybBZWJ The best way to pay tribute to Rosa Parks is by speaking out boldly against inequality and oppression and refusing to accept, ignore, or submit to it.pic.twitter.com/dvXma8kkL6 A quick update on taxes, from the catacombs of the Capitol. Hoping we can bury the #GOPTaxScam here. Keep fighting—it’s not over yet.pic.twitter.com/LPnbk6CFFC Republicans just rejected @SenatorBaldwin’s amendment to get rid of the carried interest loophole. So what about the promise Trump made in this video clip? Looks like another con job. Forgot about "forgotten man"—just looking out for their donors.pic.twitter.com/RN9kM5ldaW From a Republican who worked for McCain and Bush 43. This is what principled Republicans used to sound like. … Good morning. We’re apparently voting today on a tax bill that will have dramatic impacts for years to come. Still haven’t seen major provisions. No way to run a great country. ‘If my friends here want to give a tax cut to the middle class, why don’t we give a tax cut to the middle class?’ — Sen. Sherrod Brown is calling out the GOP for its flawed tax planpic.twitter.com/u7QVqWrtph I urge you to take the time to watch this compelling video that clearly explains why the GOP tax plans are "insane." Every senator should watch it. Please don't be deterred by its length because it is well worth the time.  Your daily reminder that repealing the individual mandate will jack up health care premiums in the individual market and result in 13 million fewer Americans having health insurance. … Dem Senators on GOP tax plan  @ChrisVanHollen: "This is going to increase taxes on millions of middle-class families to pay for big tax breaks for corporations."  @SenBooker: "If you're going to borrow $1.5 trillion from our children...don't use it to give wealth to the wealthy."pic.twitter.com/u5MV6NPkKU One of the biggest tax increases on American families in the #GOPTaxScam is the complete repeal of the deduction for state and local taxes (SALT). More than 100 million families use this deduction—including nearly half of all Maryland payers. Repealing it means double taxation. Happening NOW: @ChrisVanHollen speaking at #NotOnePenny People’s Filibuster on #GOPTaxScan. @MomsRising speaking soon. WATCH NOW!  … Headed to #PeoplesFilibuster rally—tune in, supply yourself with the facts, fight back. In that order. … Can't wait to join @SenSanders, @ChrisVanHollen, @CoryBooker, @JeffMerkley, @ChrisMurphyCT, @WhipHoyer, @keithellison, @repjoecrowley and so many more this afternoon at the #PeoplesFilibuster! #NotOnePenny  Bring friends:  pic.twitter.com/RUJmKPMP4S Under the #GOPTaxScam, middle-class families who get a short-term tax cut will see it taken away when it expires in 2026. By 2027, families making less than $75,000 will be paying a total of $27 billion more in taxes to finance a permanent tax giveaway to corporations. .@ChrisVanHollen: it has been a con job, the reality is that millions of middle class families will see an increase in taxes they pay... you will see folks at very top get windfall tax breaks #AMR It's just one giant con. … On the record, President Trump’s pick to head the Federal Reserve admitted that the Republican tax plan—which will explode the national debt—would make a terrible situation on the debt even worse.pic.twitter.com/Vbd1CicEG6 As expected, McConnell brought the #GOPTaxScam to the floor tonight to kick off debate—we expect a vote this week, but there is still time to fight back. Tune in to supply yourself with the facts:   Spoke to over 9,000 @AARPMD members today about how the #GOPTaxScam will add $1.5 trillion to the national debt—eventually paving the way for huge cuts to Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid, and critical education programs. … It’s insane that we were just forced to vote on a motion to begin consideration of a bill that at least half of the Senate and 100% of the American public have no idea what will be in it. … Notably, the last time Congress overhauled the tax system was in 1986—when Ronald Reagan was President. Back then, the process included bipartisan hearings with hundreds of witnesses and took over two years. It’s starting… Tell your friends to call their Senators. Motion to proceed is just the beginning of our battle to defeat this monstrosity. … This headline says it all. The #GOPTaxScam gives $520B to foreign investors at the expense of middle-class Americans. … Tonight and tomorrow - as the Senate begins voting, @SenateDems will answer your questions on the #GOPTaxScam on @Twitter. Use #AskSenateDems & we'll try to answer as many as we can. Gutting the foreign service will harm our national security at a time when our country needs active diplomacy to resolve conflicts peacefully. … Can’t put deodorant on a skunk and expect it to miraculously smell like daisies. Still stinks to the high heavens. … It was great to join @heathermizeur on her new show! If you want to hear our discussion about key issues, how I learned to play poker in Alaska, and why I ditched my motorcycle in my friend’s basement—listen to this #SoulForcePolitics podcast →   … Moving to a territorial system actually incentivizes companies to ship more jobs overseas, @stevenmnuchin1. This only helps multinational corporations—affiliates of an American corporation overseas—who will no longer have to pay any domestic taxes on their foreign income. … Senate Republicans may claim that their tax proposal is good for working Americans—but don’t be fooled. Starting in 2019, their plan will raise taxes on more than 13 million middle-class families with incomes below $200,000. Day by day we are reminded that there is NO LIMIT to how low this President will go. And equally outrageous is Republican silence as Trump fundamentally undermines respect for America and the presidency—weakening our friends and emboldening our enemies around the world. … Good piece by @crampell about why Republicans are attempting to fast-track a tax plan. The more we learn about this, the worse it looks. … We have been chatting with U.S. Senator @ChrisVanHollen and discussing the latest on healthcare and #Medicare...and answering questions, live! Join us--listen to the conversation & ask your questions now:  pic.twitter.com/jbUVKP6B9d North Korea’s continued provocations, including the launch of yet another ballistic missile, demand immediate action from Congress and this Administration. @ChrisVanHollen and I urge the full Senate to immediately pass the BRINK Act and for the House to follow suit. Statement:pic.twitter.com/d9c6Jqmrcf Like Collin, if you continue speaking out against the @AjitPaiFCC’s attempts to dismantle #NetNeutrality— we will have a shot at winning this fight. Tell your friends to call, write, and tweet to their senators. … I just voted NO on the Trump-Republican tax scam in the Senate Budget Committee, but it passed by one vote. As it comes before the full Senate for a vote, we must redouble our efforts to defeat it. Like the health care scam, it's likely to come down to one vote. Keep fighting! … Kim Jong Un’s missile test shows we need to put much more economic pressure on North Korea. The Senate Banking Committee unanimously passed the bipartisan #BRINKAct three weeks ago. I urge the full Senate to pass it without delay.pic.twitter.com/xAR4pwO31j In the Budget Committee Hearing right now… protesters are speaking out against the Republican tax scam. We’re with you in this fight, millions are counting on us to defeat it—keep it up. … It’s not too late to sign up for our Medicare discussion with U.S. Senator @ChrisVanHollen, happening tomorrow at 10:10 am ET. We’ll talk about healthcare concerns and answer your questions, live!  Register to get a call:  pic.twitter.com/215qOmMHQq I sat down with @genebsperling to talk about the repeal of the estate tax in the House Republican tax plan. Take look:pic.twitter.com/V2XqZzUQlD Just met with Leandra English, fellow Marylander and the rightful Acting Director of the @CFPB. Spoke about my support for her to maintain her position until Trump nominates—and the Senate confirms—a permanent Director.pic.twitter.com/zGezIfgY33 No one who votes for this gets to pretend to be a deficit hawk ever again. This thing is just not affordable. Donuts aren’t going to sugar coat the fact that Mulvaney called the CFPB a "sick, sad joke." He shouldn’t be the head of the CFPB right now, Leandra English should. I hope to meet with her later today.  … The Dodd-Frank Act is clear: if there is a @CFPB Director vacancy, the Deputy Director becomes Acting Director. @realDonaldTrump can’t override that.pic.twitter.com/r949ccaJAb Very damaging for Trump to betray our most effective and loyal allies in the battle against ISIS—the Syrian Kurds. Caving in to Erdogan is a very cowardly act. Abandoning our friends will only encourage our enemies. … Note to POTUS: @CFPB is very much alive (remember, they blew whistle on the Wells Fargo scam). That's why so many Wall Street banks want to kill it.  Looks like Trump’s again on the side of big banks. All that talk about the "forgotten man" has, well, been forgotten. … As we support #SmallBussinessSaturday, let's develop a tax plan that helps them, not a giveaway to big, multinational corporations that move jobs overseas. cc: @SenateGOP #ShopSmall Grateful for one of Baltimore’s great traditions—Bea Gaddy’s Thanks for Giving Campaign. Joined them last year and excited to return this holiday season. Let's give thanks for the blessings we enjoy and the volunteers who provide a helping hand to others. Happy Thanksgiving!pic.twitter.com/msnezLA1Jj This is exactly why I’ve introduced a bill to provide security to these and other #TPS recipients who are here legally, playing by the rules, and should not have their lives put in danger. Let’s pass the SECURE Act now. #SaveTPS … Van Hollen Announces Full Funding for the @chesbayprogram in Interior, Environment Appropriations Bill  … Thank you @ChrisVanHollen for your continued support for the #ChesBay!pic.twitter.com/rkbLiYytXQ Congratulations to Nathan and Naomi—Maryland’s freshly minted Rhodes Scholars. And congrats to @UMBC on your first! … “The overall effect of this legislation would be to batter homeownership in general, today and in the future, while also raising taxes directly on millions of homeowners.” -@nardotrealtor on the #GOPTaxPlan .@SenateGOP: Stop and listen to @nardotrealtor. Do you really want to increase taxes on millions of homeowners and decrease the value of their homes?pic.twitter.com/pIDzkKapwH Just in: @nardotrealtor’s letter is a stark warning of what will happen to millions of homeowners if Republicans jam through their tax plan.  …pic.twitter.com/n7fM6bcAYe Join AARP Maryland and U.S. Senator @ChrisVanHollen for a Healthcare Telephone Town Hall on Wednesday, November 29, at 10 a.m. To sign-up please visit:  …pic.twitter.com/RnxzMxqShY Senator @ChrisVanHollen visits w/ scientists and tours @USDA_ARS' Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, Beltsville, MDpic.twitter.com/CgfN0t7bK3 My bill with Senator @ChrisVanHollen and @SenatorCardin would provide a path to citizenship for those with Temporary Protected Status. These individuals have established roots in their communities and it would be cruel and inhumane to separate these families. Thank you to @MomsRising, @SEIU, @CASAforall, @mormonweg and others for standing up for the values enshrined in the Statue of Liberty and fighting to pass the #SECUREAct—a bill I just introduced with @SenFeinstein and @SenatorCardin to protect the legal status of TPS recipients.pic.twitter.com/O80q89moAP If the House Republicans followed the rules of Truth in Advertising, this is what their bill would be called:pic.twitter.com/0JnGq6VR4v Proud to work with @ChrisVanHollen to introduce bipartisan legislation to protect the Chesapeake Bay. #SaveTheBay … Bravo, @ChrisVanHollen! "Van Hollen bill would triple funding to protect #ChesBay, other watersheds" … Pleased to report that today I introduced a bipartisan bill that will strengthen our partnership with farmers to protect the Chesapeake Bay, which is a national treasure and economic lifeline in Maryland. #SavetheBay … WATCH THIS NOW: Reagan Budget Dir. torches #GOPTaxPlan – “this is not a middle class tax cut” – corporate tax cuts “go into share buybacks”pic.twitter.com/WI32QU6dZz 32BJ backs you up, we will be speaking in support of @ChrisVanHollen bill providing pat to citizenship for #TPS holders @11:30 press conf! … Don't deport thousands who have lived and worked here legally to dangerous places! Tomorrow, I’ll introduce the SECURE Act to protect individuals who fall under Temporary Protected Status (TPS). … Van Hollen trying to get freedom caucus members on the record saying they won’t vote to waive PAYGO sequestration. … My staff just delivered this letter to @RepMarkMeadows. The @freedomcaucus has always been a supporter of reducing our national debt, what happened?pic.twitter.com/Gv3N9q3YrP Exactly. Republicans crafted their tax plan behind closed doors without Democrats or any real public input. They ordered really expensive room service for their friends and want everyone else to pick up the tab. … The next person who fills this position must be a champion of American consumers. @realDonaldTrump—do not appoint another one of your swamp monsters to replace Cordray. Under Richard Cordray’s leadership, the @CFPB has tirelessly fought to make sure American consumers are protected from predatory financial schemes. … We got this at 10:18 pm last night. Expected to work on it at 10:00 am today. This is nuts. What’s the damn rush? Why can’t we have a reasonable time to read and study? … Have you ever been invited to go out to dinner and then got stuck with the bill? That's the Republican tax plan—good meal for millionaires and you pick up tab. Not only would repealing the individual mandate rip health care away from millions, but it would jack up premiums by 10%. Shameful to increase both premiums and taxes on middle class while padding the pocketbooks of big corporations. … First, Republicans want working Americans to pay for tax cuts for big corporations and the super wealthy. And now they want to rip health care away from millions? Please sound the alarm and let R senators know that is unacceptable! … On @FoxNewsSunday, I spoke about the Republican tax plan and why it’s such a bad deal for working Americans. Take a look:pic.twitter.com/gapN1jpwRb Barely any mention of Duterte’s gross human rights abuses and then Trump let Duterte steamroll American journalists? I’d say I am shocked, but Trump’s embrace of dictators and animosity towards the press isn’t new. … More than half of President Trump’s nominees, including Alex Azar, have ties to industries they’re supposed to regulate. So much for “draining the swamp.” … .@GlennKesslerWP actually fact-checked this and found @PaulRyan’s claim to be completely false. Even @SenateMajLdr had to admit it wasn’t true.  … … JUST RELEASED: Called on @FEC to take immediate action to improve transparency for online political ads. @AmyKlobuchar, @clairecmc, and I led a group of 15 senators in submitting an official public comment on the FEC’s online ads rules. #HonestAdspic.twitter.com/Ok7s4Pvfem Congratulations to @NASA and @NASA_Wallops on the launch of @OrbitalATK’s #Antares rocket. Next stop: @Space_Station. Great partnerships!pic.twitter.com/ZTRRM4lBMF TODAY on @FoxNewsSunday, Chris Wallace speaks exclusively to @RepKevinBrady and Sen. @ChrisVanHollen - Tune in at 2p & 10p ET on Fox News!pic.twitter.com/E6ryT6ZOXh Since Rs supported the terrible Citizens United decision that gave corporations many of the same rights as people, then at least Rs should now allow working people to have same big tax breaks they plan to give to corporations! This #VeteransDay, let’s recommit ourselves to supporting those who risk their lives in service to our nation. Stand up for veterans!pic.twitter.com/U5NQblMHNZ After months of huddling behind closed doors, @SenateGOP released their tax plan. Every American deserves to know what it means for them.pic.twitter.com/2vRoNkeN3b Finally, someone in the Trump Admin who will call their tax bill what it is. But remind Gary Cohn "trickle down"  crashed in the real world for everyone except folks like him. … This is so infuriating. On a phone call Tuesday, senior White House officials told us they would stay out of this decision. … I give this “Four-Pinocchios” as @GlennKesslerWP would say. NYT just yesterday said it would INCREASE taxes on 45% of middle-class families by 2026. … It was great visiting @USCG at Curtis Bay this week. Thank you to your entire team for what you do to advance the vital mission of the Coast Guard!pic.twitter.com/GzPnQm7CZm Today in memory of Otto Warmbier, the Banking Committee unanimously approved the #BRINKAct, strengthening sanctions against North Korea.pic.twitter.com/fqDtQjvRaw Pat, thank you and all your staff for your hard work on the #BRINKAct. Now let’s get the full Senate to pass it! … .@ChrisVanHollen & @SenToomey: The act that gets tough on North Korea … ….This says it all: A GOP tax plan for super-duper rich donors, not the American people. … The #BRINKAct will send a clear message: Any banks or firms that do business with North Korea can't do business with the United States. At a time when North Korea is accelerating its nuclear program, the #BRINKAct is the best way to get DPRK to the nuclear negotiating table. In memory of Otto Warmbier, the Senate Banking Committee will vote on the #BRINKAct today.pic.twitter.com/Srs0EuOjsj The #BRINKAct will send a clear message: Any banks or firms that do business with North Korea can't do business with the United States.pic.twitter.com/uPuNT8zmba Repealing the estate tax will 1.) Increase wealth inequality in America and 2.) Pad the pockets of the uber-wealthy. That’s it.pic.twitter.com/siMmf5GQJc We must end massacres like Sutherland Springs and the daily toll of gun violence. Where is the humanity of those who don't take action? I hope all my colleagues who tweeted about the #TexasChurchMassacre yesterday will commit to taking action to end the carnage. Republicans argue that their corporate tax cuts will increase Americans jobs, but it actually encourages corporations to ship them overseas. … Did Rs not learn their lesson after Trumpcare? Now they want to use their tax plan as a Trojan Horse to rip health care from millions? … Deficit hawk who had feathers plucked: There’s a "crushing burden" of debt. –Ryan, 2011 Let’s add $1.5 trillion to the debt. –Ryan, 2017 … In what world does solving the student debt crisis include making it harder for student to pay off their loans? … POTUS signed our Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission Act! Excited to work with commission to plan events honoring his life next year.pic.twitter.com/APbInBC6SA Finally. Clovis shouldn’t even have been nominated in the first place. Keep speaking out against climate change deniers. … Here’s the thing: Our tax code should be simplified. But this bill isn’t really tax reform, it’s a giveaway to the wealthy and powerful. 6. When the debt eventually explodes, Republicans will rediscover their “deficit hawk” ways and cut Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. 5. Uses the same trickle-down economics playbook that failed during the Bush Administration. 4. It repeals the state and local income tax deduction—double taxing hardworking Americans. 43% of Marylanders used this in 2015. 3. If you’re a couple with an estate over $11 million you just got a tax cut—leaving everyone else to pay the bill. 2. It’s a huge giveaway to big multinational corporations and millionaires + billionaires. 1. After years of lecturing about a looming debt crisis, Republicans are now happy adding $1.5 trillion to the national debt. Read the entire Republican tax reform plan, here are my thoughts/analysis: BIG show 2pm on @foxnews 2:15p @SenateMajldr 2:30p @SpeakerRyan 2:45p @ChrisVanHollen  Schumer, Pelosi #taxreform news conf @dailybriefing Today on #AMR: @ChrisVanHollen @gilliantett @kasie @jwpetersNYT @kwelkernbc @mikercarpenter and more on @MSNBC. Tune in 12ET! The Affordable Care Act is still the law of the land, despite Trump’s efforts to sabotage it. Find out how to sign up for coverage here: … Glad @BrianFrosh is pushing the FAA to do the right thing. Flight noise is contributing to nearly unlivable conditions for many Marylanders. … Disgusting. Exactly why we need more than just “thoughts and prayers." Congress needs to pass @SenFeinstein’s bill to ban bump stocks now. … Today is the first day of #OpenEnrollment! Maryland, you have until December 15th to enroll. Sign up here:  .pic.twitter.com/cp0JnVzDKQ Join us LIVE for a hearing on the real costs to the middle class of the GOP tax plan. Tune in: … Today’s the day! You can go to   and sign up for health coverage. Need a pep talk first? @BarackObama has you covered.pic.twitter.com/78DAFgUV77 Our thoughts are with Manhattan tonight. NYC has repeatedly shown that cowardly acts of terror will never defeat its spirit. … Claire, you and Joe are both fighters! Thinking of you and hoping for a speedy recovery. … Congress must also act to stop Russia from interfering in our elections. The integrity of our democracy depends on it. Every single member of Congress—Republican and Democrat—should support legislation to prevent Trump from firing Mueller. The news about Manafort, Gates, and Papadopoulos underscores the importance of having Mueller as a nonpartisan, independent special counsel. Thanks for all you do to continue the work of Frederick Douglass today! Keeping his spirit alive is more important now than ever. … Trump plans to bypass the Senate confirmation process AGAIN to install a political ally as the head of an agency. Blow the whistle NOW. … That’s quite a chunk of money. Not sure why Trump Administration officials think they’re above taking commercial flights? … Hmm. A firm with 2 employees, owned by a buddy of Zinke & financed by Trump donor, gets $300M contract to fix PR’s electricity. Very fishy.  … thread. … As coy as Trump and D.C. Republicans attempt to be... we now know who they’re working for and it sure as hell is not working Americans. The one common trend with the Republican budget: They’re doing all this to give windfall tax breaks to big corporations and the super-rich. It will cut $800B from affordable housing, medical research, and critical education programs that benefit your community. Your taxes to go up b/c the Trump plan eliminates the state & local tax deduction for you—but not for corporations. … … Your health care quality will go down and your costs up. Medicaid ↓ $1 trillion and Medicare ↓ $473B. Your children and grandchildren will be forced to pay off $1.5 trillion in debt. The Republican budget passed in the House today—here’s what that means for you: Sounds more like a horror movie to be honest. … Guess I'd l feel the same way if I worked for a President who told me that I was "wasting my time" on diplomacy. … The Kurds have been strategic allies in the fight against ISIS—abandoning them undermines our credibility and interests. This is an important moment for American leadership and diplomacy in the region. We need to help resolve this conflict immediately. 