It's becoming pretty clear that Judge Kavanaugh's background needs a closer look. If we're serious about the truth, the President should direct the FBI to reopen its background check on this nominee. Good meeting with @Hughes4BSG and advocates for Southwest Virginia miners with black lung. Talked about the work needed to sustain the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund and my amendment that will help more miners with black lung get into treatment.pic.twitter.com/qQRhsUDKns This is a big warning sign. We all need to wake up and get serious about our debt and deficit. … Thank you, @MarkWarner . A great tool for parents of young children and for children helping elderly parents, too! … Thank you to @MarkWarner and @RepMGriffith for speaking with us on the issue of black lung today. I was proud to hand deliver Big Stone Gap’s recent resolution asking Congress to fix the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund. #BigStoneGap #SWVA #BlackLungKillspic.twitter.com/nFnFNjjFo7 Take Five: Mark Warner shares earliest Senate memories, says he and Tim Kaine are ‘yin and yang’ … Proud to be one of the authors of this law. Learn how you can take advantage of credit freezes to protect your credit from fraud and identity theft: … Congrats to Virginia Principal of the Year Dr. David Ellena! Thanks for the great work you’re doing at Chesterfield County’s Tomahawk Creek Middle School.pic.twitter.com/Ang4byow5H President Trump & some Senate GOP want to jam Judge Kavanaugh onto the Supreme Court no matter what he's done & w/out all the facts.  This isn’t a box to check. Women & their experiences aren't things to be “plowed through.” Women—and all survivors—should be heard & respected. Senators @timkaine & @MarkWarner recently announced Virginia would get over $6 million in funds to help fight the opioid crosispic.twitter.com/uJJ6bBiBVW But I’m not so worried about big businesses. I’m worried about the small businesses like @RandomRowBeer, the Va farmers harvesting their soybeans amid uncertainty and low prices, and the consumers who will pay the price for this President’s trade war out of their own wallets. This isn’t just speculation — companies like Walmart, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Nestle have all either increased prices or warned that price hikes are coming soon. Working people and small businesses are the ones who will take the hit when prices go up for consumer products like clothes, air conditioners, and auto parts. Craft brewers like the ones I met in Charlottesville this weekend are worried about what tariffs will mean for their businesses, but it’s not just craft beer that’s looking at price increases.pic.twitter.com/06pOw9ZQyA Happy birthday, @MarkHerringVA! … Thank you to @MarkWarner and his staff for giving us time to talk about the best ways to support students in the areas of health and fitness, and positive behavioral intervention supports today. #EveryStudentpic.twitter.com/NtVcPM9G8Y The right to vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democratic society.   Do your part.   Get registered. Vote. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay Congress should act now to protect the Special Counsel's investigation into Russian election interference. We need checks and balances with this President more than ever. … Under no circumstances should the President use leaked memos and disputed press reports about Rod Rosenstein as an excuse to undermine the Mueller probe. The investigation into Russia's attack on the 2016 election must continue without political interference. @MarkWarner at Random Row Brewery to talk with local brewery owners about President Trump’s decision to impose tariffs on imported aluminum and steel.pic.twitter.com/o8iXc8EDFa Proud to be one of the authors of this law that now guarantees free credit freezes for all Americans. If you were hit by the Equifax hack or another data breach, you need to read this. … This is why the President should be relying on the advice of intelligence and law enforcement professionals, not cable news hosts. … It sends a message when you oppose reopening Judge Kavanaugh's background investigation. It sends a message when you'll only listen to Dr. Ford if she shows up at a hastily scheduled hearing without time to prepare. This is not how the Senate should be doing business in 2018. Advocacy in action! The Senate passed the amended FY19 Defense/Labor-HHS funding package, including a historic $425M increase 4 @NIH Alzheimer’s & dementia research! Senator @MarkWarner, thanks for your support & making this milestone possible. #ENDALZ @alznorfolk @AlzheimersCWVApic.twitter.com/BAZTYaiiqM Happy #AFBday to the men and women serving in the @USAirForce in Virginia and around the world! Grateful today and every day for the sacrifices our Airmen and their families make for our country. Wishing my friends in the Jewish community a meaningful Yom Kippur and an easy fast. We learned in the military that victims of sexual trauma don't feel safe to report what happened if they are unable to do it anonymously without fear of retaliation. We must respect & listen to Dr. Ford, not attack her credibility because she wanted to maintain her privacy. I agree. The President is trying to undermine an active investigation through reckless declassification. We need an independent DOJ to do everything possible to protect sources and methods. … It was wrong to rush Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination through before his full record could be made available. It would sure as heck be wrong to rush his nomination through now. We need to listen to Dr. Ford and get to the bottom of these allegations. This bipartisan legislation would ensure that if ZTE once again violates trade restrictions or its agreement with the U.S. it will be held accountable in a significant, painful way. ZTE has a history of violating U.S. sanctions and misleading the U.S. government. Unfortunately, this Administration has shown that it cannot be trusted to defend American interests and punish companies like ZTE that pose a threat to our security. Just introduced legislation with @MarcoRubio and @ChrisVanHollen to hold ZTE accountable and prevent any further violations of U.S. sanctions and export controls. … The Senate passed an important bipartisan bill tonight to address the opioid crisis, including my legislation that will help people struggling with addiction in rural and underserved communities. This is a good bill, part of the solution, but there’s still more work to do. … Just voted to end the so-called “gag clauses” that prevent pharmacists from telling customers about opportunities to save money by paying cash instead of using insurance. This will save people a lot of money on their prescriptions. Terrible news out of Chesterfield County. My heart is with the family of the victim of the tornado that just hit. I encourage everyone in Central VA and the Richmond area to stay tuned to local news alerts for the latest updates. … This is how you lose valuable intelligence relationships that keep Americans safe. … The President shouldn’t be declassifying documents in order to undermine an investigation into his campaign or pursue vendettas against political enemies. He especially shouldn’t be releasing documents with the potential to reveal intelligence sources. The Judiciary Committee simply cannot vote on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination this Thursday. There should be a full investigation, and Professor Ford deserves to be heard. This is a serious allegation, and we have a responsibility to listen. Any attempt by the President to pardon Mr. Manafort or otherwise interfere in this investigation would be a gross abuse of power and require immediate action by Congress. The guilty plea also underscores the seriousness of this investigation. The Special Counsel must be permitted to follow the facts wherever and however high they might lead, because in the United States of America no one is above the law. Today’s admission of criminal guilt by Paul Manafort clearly demonstrates that the President’s 2016 campaign manager conducted illegal activity in conspiracy with Russian-backed entities and was beholden to Kremlin-linked officials. Have a concern? Know exactly who to call #HurricaneFlorence #FlorenceVApic.twitter.com/quainOv7RC Hurricane Florence is likely to bring heavy rain to the Roanoke Valley and Southwest Virginia over the coming weekend. The time to prepare for this is now. Here's an email I just sent to folks in Southwest with information about how you can be prepared. … Wishing a happy birthday to my friend, @GovernorVA!pic.twitter.com/e2ysHRuGCD It’s time for Congress to stand up for our hardworking federal employees. … TOMORROW #AtlanticPrivacy will look at the future of digital privacy with @MarkWarner, @RepMcNerney, @victoriaespinel and many more. Tune into the livestream beginning at 8:55am:   pic.twitter.com/bPotEWVHjC With Hurricane Florence potentially bringing serious flooding to Virginia in the coming days, I’m calling on FEMA to expedite disaster relief for the Commonwealth. … We would like to thank @GovernorVA  , @MarkWarner @timkaine  and Mayor @LevarStoney  for the proclamation and letter of support for the Alumni Charity Challenge benefitting @FeedMoreInc . Lets win this #VCU !!pic.twitter.com/px1it2Kfvv We’ve had over a year to change the laws that let @Equifax and its executives walk away unscathed after compromising the data of 148M Americans. Congress should pass my bill with @MarkWarner to hold credit reporting agencies accountable to consumers. … .@Jason_Mraz Proud to support Virginia’s artists and songwriters by cosponsoring the #MusicModernizationAct. Thank you to Jason and all the artists who’ve reached out on this. … While the Administration has yet to share the full text, an executive order that inevitably leaves the President broad discretion to decide whether to impose tough sanctions against those who attack our democracy is insufficient. Unfortunately, President Trump demonstrated in Helsinki and elsewhere that he simply cannot be counted upon to stand up to Putin when it matters. In order to deter foreign interference in future elections, we must make it clear to Russia and other adversaries that interference is unacceptable, and will have painful consequences. If we are going to actually deter Russia and others from interfering in our elections in the future, we need to spell out strong, clear consequences, without ambiguity. We remain woefully underprepared to secure the upcoming elections, and an executive order is simply no substitute for congressional action, such as the strong measures included in the bipartisan DETER Act. … Update: President Trump just signed a federal emergency declaration for Virginia. … In this country, no one, not even the President, is above the law. Should the President's legal team decide, as they have threatened, to contest that principle in court, it is imperative that the Supreme Court ensures that the President is held accountable. But in his testimony before the Judiciary Committee, Judge Kavanaugh refused to say whether he thinks it is constitutional for presidents to be investigated, and whether he continues to believe that the President has the power to fire a prosecutor criminally investigating him. We currently have a president whose conduct is at the center of a federal criminal investigation. I am also deeply troubled by Judge Kavanaugh's views on executive power. His past rulings, writings and evasive answers before the Judiciary Committee lead to the inescapable conclusion that, as a Supreme Court justice, Kavanaugh would seek to undermine and eventually overturn Roe v. Wade, and would fail to protect people with pre-existing conditions. But what we have seen provides reason enough to vote against this nominee. Thanks to unprecedented efforts by the Trump Administration to conceal large portions of Judge Kavanaugh's record and his unwillingness to answer basic questions before the Judiciary Committee, much of his record and judicial philosophy remain a mystery to the American people. This is the most consequential Supreme Court vacancy in a generation, yet it has been the least transparent confirmation process in recent history. I would have liked to meet with Judge Kavanaugh personally before deciding how I'd vote. Even attempted to set up a meeting with him, though unfortunately the White House never responded. So I’m just going to say it.   I’ll be voting no on Judge Kavanaugh. Here’s why: Today is a somber day to remember those killed on 9/11 and the bravery of the first responders who ran towards the towers and into the Pentagon that day. Americans came together following the attack in a remarkable way, and I hope we won't lose sight of that either. #NeverForget Just sent a letter with @TimKaine and the entire Virginia delegation urging the President to support @GovernorVA’s request for a federal emergency declaration ahead of Hurricane Florence.pic.twitter.com/ripgjn9LBi Agree 100%: "Americans are justifiably proud of their national parks and historic sites...These sites should be well-maintained for their own protection and preservation, and to ensure that visitors can experience them in all their glory." … .@VirginianPilot Editorial: Protect the nation's cherished parks … To all celebrating Rosh Hashanah, wishing you a sweet and joyful new year. L’Shana Tovah! .@MarkWarner: This is a president who is basically asking the Justice Department to back off on criminal indictments of Republican members. This is not a president who understands how our system of laws and  rule of law work.pic.twitter.com/76OJvEXkhI I still have significant questions about how high that information went, and I know the Senate Intelligence Committee would like to hear directly from Mr. Papadopoulos. He also had access to, and communications with, the campaign’s top leaders. That’s not conjecture – that is according to Mr. Papadopoulos himself. As an influential foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign, Mr. Papadopoulos was informed that Russia had ‘dirt’ on Hillary Clinton in the form of ‘thousands of emails’ at a critical time during the campaign. Despite constant attacks by the President and his allies, Special Counsel Robert Mueller and his team have once again demonstrated that they are conducting a serious, professional investigation into the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russians during the 2016 election. … Cosponsored this resolution in the Senate with @TimKaine honoring Arthur Ashe’s historic achievements on and off the tennis court. This week, the Senate passed it unanimously. … LIVE: This Sunday @MarkWarner joins @jaketapper on #CNNSOTU. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/3AHbQDygzO If we want credit reporting agencies to act responsibly with our data, we need to hold them accountable when they screw up. Under my bill with @MarkWarner, @Equifax would’ve paid at least $1.5 billion in fines. It’s been a year since the breach – Congress should pass it now. … .@MarkWarner says “there is still bipartisan appetite" to do something on credit reporting post-Equifax and that "a number of my Republican colleagues and I have been talking about things"   But doing nothing at all is just unacceptable. The Administration could also stand up for consumers by actually holding Equifax accountable for its lack of adequate cybersecurity safeguards that could have prevented the breach. Congress could take action with legislation like my bill with @SenWarren that would penalize companies like Equifax who fail to protect sensitive consumer data. … I do take a slight issue with this headline, though. Earlier this year I helped pass legislation that provided for unlimited free credit freezes and unfreezes, which helps consumers impacted by data breaches like the Equifax hack. It’s a start, but is it enough? No way. A year ago today millions of Americans learned their private data was stolen in the Equifax breach. The lack of action by the Administration and Congressional leadership to hold Equifax accountable and prevent future breaches is a pretty glaring failure. Consumers deserve better.  … AMEN. … These “junk plans” mean insurance companies can once again discriminate against folks with pre-existing conditions and take away access to essential services like prescription drugs, emergency room visits and maternity care. Proud to add my name to this. … Probably won’t be front-page news this week, but this will save folks a lot of money. These so-called gag clauses prohibit pharmacists from telling customers they could save money by paying cash instead of using insurance. The Senate just passed a bill eliminating this practice. … A year ago today, the President ended DACA, throwing thousands of young #DREAMers' lives into chaos. As callous and shameful as that was, Congress' failure to act is no better. Senator @MarkWarner says Google's unwillingness to testify at the Senate hearing is "going to hurt their reputation"  pic.twitter.com/RGaRInKkNv .@MarkWarner: "The era of the Wild West in social media is coming to an end. Where we go from here though, is an open question."pic.twitter.com/GzZT6xZcNO The bad news, I’m afraid, is that there is a lot of work still to do. We have also seen important action by Facebook and Twitter to make political advertising more transparent by complying with the terms @AmyKlobuchar, John McCain, and I put forward in the #HonestAds Act. The social media companies have identified and removed *some* of the bad actors on their platforms. In the time since, each of the social media companies has come a long way towards recognizing the threat. It took the pressure that was brought to bear by the Intelligence Committee to get Facebook, Twitter, and Google to uncover the malicious activities of the Russian-backed Internet Research Agency on their platforms. Even after the election, the social media companies were reluctant to admit there even was a problem. Both Facebook and Twitter failed to anticipate how their platforms could be manipulated and misused. Like the federal government, they were caught flat-footed by the brazen attacks on our election by Russian-backed operatives. It would be a serious understatement to say that much has changed in the aftermath of the 2016 U.S. campaign. With the benefit of hindsight, it is obvious that serious mistakes were made by each of the social media companies – as they were by the entire U.S. government. While we have an empty chair for @Google at today’s hearing, I’m encouraged that @Facebook and @Twitter have chosen to constructively engage today and to publicly answer some difficult questions from the Intelligence Committee.pic.twitter.com/AjFT2UWiLP HAPPENING NOW — Senate Intelligence hearing on social media companies’ responses to foreign influence operations on social media platforms. Watch live:    A seat saved for Senator McCain at today's Senate Intel hearing.pic.twitter.com/97K4AX2SXl Given its size and influence, I would have thought the leadership at Google would want to demonstrate how seriously it takes these challenges and to lead this important public discussion. From Google Search, which continues to have problems surfacing absurd conspiracies, to YouTube, where Russian-backed disinformation agents promoted hundreds of divisive videos, to Gmail, where state-sponsored foreign intel operatives attempt countless hacking attempts... As Senate Intel kicks off its social media hearing today, I’m deeply disappointed that @Google chose not to send its top corporate leadership. Our members have tough questions about structural vulnerabilities on a number of Google’s platforms that we need answered. And you can tune in to today’s hearing starting at 9:30 AM:   I’ve put these and other ideas into a white paper that I’ve circulated to get this discussion going. You can read the whole thing here: … After witnessing numerous episodes of misuse, what further accountability should there be with respect to the flawed advertising model that you utilize? Why shouldn’t we adopt ideas like data portability, data minimization, or first party consent? Why are your terms of service so difficult to find and nearly impossible to read, much less understand? Isn’t there a public interest in ensuring more anonymized data is available to researchers and academics to help identify potential problems and misuse? Don’t your users have a right to know when they are interacting with bots on your platform? I’ve put out a series of ideas to start this long-overdue national conversation about privacy, data and social media, and I’m hoping to hear some constructive thoughts from these tech leaders this morning. For example: Today’s hearing is not about “gotcha” questions or scoring political points. Our goal is to begin to tackle the challenges posed by foreign adversaries and other bad actors who are abusing these platforms to undermine our democracy and harm American consumers. This morning the Senate Intelligence Committee will hear from @Jack and @SherylSandberg about their companies’ responses to foreign influence operations on social media platforms. Here’s what’s on my mind: I would very much like to hear @Google’s answer on this, and I don’t think I’m the only one. … "I think it speaks volumes that Google doesn’t want to be part of that discussion." ~  @MarkWarner … Tomorrow the Senate Intelligence Committee will hold an important hearing on the social media companies’ responses to foreign influence operations. @Jack will be there. @SherylSandberg will be there. Larry Page should be there, too. It’s not too late for @Google to step up. It’s true. This bipartisan legislation is a crucial step that helps prepare states to better detect and counter foreign interference, yet the White House is blocking it with just months to go before the 2018 election. … Releasing 42,000 of a nominee’s documents the night before a confirmation hearing is not transparency. … The Senate Judiciary Committee just received 42,000 more pages of Kavanaugh’s documents last night, just hours before the hearing. NONE of which have been made public. It’s unacceptable. Why are we holding a hearing on a Supreme Court nominee when we’re still missing the overwhelming majority of his White House record? Why are we jamming through a nominee without his full record? Isaac’s fight to not just survive, but thrive like any other kid, is a reminder of why we’ve got to keep up the fight to protect healthcare for Americans with pre-existing conditions. … Congress can and must stand up to the President and reject this assault on our federal workers by passing the 1.9 percent pay raise that the Senate approved on August 1. I can think of nothing more hypocritical or disingenuous than to turn around and throw hardworking federal employees under the bus on the pretext of fiscal responsibility. Instead, the President ballooned the deficit by trillions of dollars with a tax giveaway primarily benefitting big business and the wealthiest Americans. But let’s be honest: the President and his party, which controls both houses of Congress, have had every chance over the last 18 months to get serious about tackling our fiscal challenges. I’ve worked for years in the Senate to reduce duplicative and wasteful spending, and make government more efficient. If President Trump seriously wants to make that a priority, then I’d be happy to work with the White House on that effort. Let’s be clear: this is not motivated by a sudden onset of fiscal responsibility. This has nothing to do with making government more cost-efficient. It’s just the latest attack in the Trump Administration’s war on federal employees. … Mourning the loss of Stan Brock today. Thanks to Stan, literally hundreds of thousands of Virginians were able to get free medical and dental care at @RAMUSAOrg over the years. He did a lot of good for folks in SWVA and around the world, and I'm going to miss him.pic.twitter.com/zM25F7Qnsg “Once the impact of inflation is included, ordinary Americans’ hourly earnings are lower than they were a year ago” … “My views on China have fundamentally changed...I was optimistic...thought there would be some path of coexistence...I’m much much more concerned right now.”  @MarkWarner on the future of the US-China relationship.  Listen to my wide-ranging conversation with the Senator. … Kicking off another tele-townhall with folks in Richmond. Listen in here:  pic.twitter.com/aS5ePjqiB7 Extremely troubling: a new report reveals that the President personally intervened in the process to replace the FBI headquarters…a property that just happens to be across the street from the Trump Hotel. … Today marks the 55th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom and of #MLK’s #IHaveADream speech. Commemorate today by listening to & reading the ENTIRE speech. There are bold components that are often not shared. Then, let’s DREAM, AWAKEN & DO. #IHaveADream55pic.twitter.com/S1KgqgbWqs And I had a cidery in Hampton tell me they can’t even order cans until 2019. This is crazy. … NEW THIS WEEK: Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman @MarkWarner in conversation with @MichaelJMorell about security clearances, the Russia investigation, foreign influence campaigns, and threats from China, North Korea & others   LISTEN & SUBSCRIBE:  pic.twitter.com/qloBu0d89r pic.twitter.com/MBzgKJYjCm A fitting tribute to a true statesman. Let's do it. … Happy 100th birthday to @NASA Langley's own "Human Computer," the great Dr. Katherine Johnson!pic.twitter.com/8GXm9iykvW Today is #WomensEqualityDay, celebrating the passage of the 19th Amendment. I’ve been hearing rumors that Virginia might help us take the next step towards gender equality by ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment in the coming months. I hope those rumors come true. My heart is with the McCain family in this tough time. We lost a great American tonight. Happy 102nd birthday to the @NatlParkService! What do you say we celebrate by passing our bipartisan bill to #FixOurParks @SecretaryZinke @SenRobPortman @SenAlexander @SenAngusKing? … .@SenJohnMcCain has served our country with courage and dignity, and we all owe a debt of gratitude for his life of service. A grateful nation stands with you, John. Another reason we need Judge Kavanaugh’s full record. The whole thing. All of it. … NEW: Senator @MarkWarner discusses recent disclosures by @facebook & @Microsoft about foreign influence efforts with @MichaelJMorell for a forthcoming episode of @IntelMattersPod.  Warner says he expects an announcement from @Google about Iranian activity “shortly.”   LISTEN:pic.twitter.com/0PrURra9mS The Senate is voting on yet another partisan attempt to defund Planned Parenthood and insert politics into women’s personal healthcare decisions. I’m voting no. Judge Kavanaugh worked in the Bush WH for 5 years, 35 months as Staff Secretary. He called that time “formative” for his career as a judge. The Judiciary Committee has ZERO documents from his 35 months as Staff Secretary. It’s a black hole in his record. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/0AI7UJrdoR It is never ok for the President to lie to the American people. Whatever this is, it’s not transparency. … 98% of Brett Kavanaugh’s White House record remains hidden from the public.   More than 85% of his White House record remains hidden from the Senate.   There’s never been a less transparent vetting process for a Supreme Court nominee. #WhatAreTheyHiding “Not just misleading. Not merely false. A lie.” … More bipartisan support for this important amendment to stop the President's abuse of the security clearance process. Thank you, @SenatorCollins and @SenBlumenthal. … Pleased to cosponsor this amendment. Granting/revoking security clearances should not be a political exercise. … If what Michael Cohen "has said is true, I'll leave it to the election lawyers, but it sure would seem to me that that would be a violation of the law," Sen. @MarkWarner (D-VA) tells @JudyWoodruff.pic.twitter.com/X8SUrW3X4G Given the news yesterday, Judge Kavanaugh’s views on executive power are more important than ever. We need his full record, not just the parts we’ve been given. The Senate shouldn’t hold hearings until we get the missing documents. Coming up on #MTPDaily: @Carolelee, @GeorgeWill, and @DonnaFEdwards join @chucktodd. Plus, @LannyDavis talks Michael Cohen's plea deal and @MarkWarner talks Brett Kavanaugh's upcoming confirmation hearing. Tune in! So proud of Richmond’s @ConstanceWu! @AnneHolton and I used to see her in the community theatre scene here as she started to pursue her dreams. Such a testament to the strength and benefit of RVA Arts! … Thank you @MarkWarner for extending a congratulations on receiving HBCU of the Year. We are extremely proud and committed to serving the citizens of the Commonwealth of Virginia with excellence.  #HailState #VSUExcellence #VSUtheBestHBCUpic.twitter.com/93tqNWRPYI Thank you, @JeffFlake, for cosponsoring this amendment. We can't just sit by as the President abuses this vital national security tool to punish his critics. … Regardless of what the President says or tweets, in this country we believe in right and wrong, and we believe in the rule of law. Truth is truth, crimes are crimes, and no one is above the law. "Today is one of those days that we may look back on," Democratic Senator @MarkWarner tells @ChrisCuomo. “[I]t was a wild day even in Trump world.” #CuomoPrimeTime  pic.twitter.com/IyIQybKIu9 Our foreign adversaries are taking a page right out of Russia’s playbook with the latest announcement by Facebook, and now Twitter. While I applaud Twitter for taking down 284 fake accounts, there is still more work to do. … While I’m encouraged to see Facebook taking steps to rid its platforms of these bad actors, there’s clearly more work to be done. I look forward to questioning the leadership of Facebook, Twitter, and Google about this at the Intelligence Committee’s hearing on September 5th. We also learned today that the Iranians are now following the Kremlin’s playbook from 2016. I’ve been saying for months that there’s no way the problem of social media manipulation is limited to a single troll farm in St. Petersburg, and that fact is now beyond a doubt. Further evidence that foreign adversaries are actively using social media to divide Americans and undermine our democratic institutions. … Heading to the Senate floor to speak on my amendment to block the President from punishing and intimidating his critics by arbitrarily revoking security clearances. Watch live: … Any attempt by the President to pardon Mr. Manafort or interfere in the investigation into his campaign would be a gross abuse of power and require immediate action by Congress. The President’s campaign manager was just convicted of serious federal crimes by a jury of his peers, despite the President’s continued attempts to undermine the investigation which has brought Mr. Manafort to justice. Today’s guilty verdict makes it absolutely clear that the Mueller probe is a serious investigation that is rooting out corruption and Russian influence on our political system at the highest levels. Not a witch hunt. .@MarkWarner: Russians were successful in 2016, and they are trying to in 2018. It makes it more difficult when our president doesn’t take it seriously and calls Mueller a witch hunt  #AMR Coming up on #AMR: @kwelkernbc @peterbakernyt @SenWarren @harrylitman @kenvogel @BradSmi @MarkWarner and more on @MSNBC - tune in 12ET! .@MarkWarner says "I think the responsible companies are realizing this is a problem that’s not going away. ... What I’m concerned about though, as we think about elections this fall, will the election officials take these warnings seriously enough?” … This is why it’s so important that we hear from leaders of the social media companies, so we can figure out how to best defend Americans who use these platforms against Russia’s ongoing misinformation and disinformation efforts. … This threat is ongoing and very real. We all need to be on guard and work together to counter Russian cyber aggression. … It’s time for the President to show some respect — for Mr. Mueller, for the rule of law, and for the good of the country. That’s the man the President is attacking, and for no reason but that Bob Mueller has been tasked with investigating Russia’s attack against our democracy, an investigation which has already produced 35 indictments and five guilty pleas. That was the *beginning* of Bob Mueller’s career in public service. He spent the majority of his adult life prosecuting murderers, drug smugglers, and terrorists before President Bush appointed him Director of the FBI. A couple months later, Mr. Mueller took an AK-47 round through the leg, earning a Purple Heart. He was back on patrol a month later. "…and, on one occasion, personally led a fire team across the fire-swept area terrain to recover a mortally wounded Marine who had fallen in a position forward on the friendly lines.” “Second Lieutenant Mueller fearlessly moved from one position to another with complete disregard for his own safety, he then skillfully supervised the evacuation of casualties from the hazardous area…” You’ll never hear Mueller talk or tweet about this, but the author @Vermontgmg managed to dig up the citation for Mr. Mueller’s Bronze Star with Valor that he earned in Vietnam for “courage, aggressive initiative, and unwavering devotion to duty.” It reads: Bob Mueller is a lifelong public servant, a Purple-Heart-decorated Marine veteran, and the man who led the FBI with distinction in the years following 9/11. No unhinged tweet can tarnish that record of service to our country. … I will be introducing an amendment next week to block the President from punishing and intimidating his critics by arbitrarily revoking security clearances. Stay tuned. Another reason we need Judge Kavanaugh’s *full* record from his time working in the White House, so we can see exactly where he stands on Constitutional issues like this. Cherry-picked records and talking points aren’t going to cut it. … Admiral McRaven served our country with distinction, leading our Special Operations Command and overseeing the raid that killed Bin Laden. This op-ed is a must-read. … Treating the underlying issues of mental illness & addiction costs less than prison or jail time, enables people to get back on their feet & helps break the cycle of poverty & incarceration. to Sens. @timkaine & @MarkWarner for their effort at #cjreform. … When Brett Kavanaugh worked for President Bush, he invited “more scrutiny of the nominees.” Now that Judge Kavanaugh is the president’s #SCOTUS nominee, Republicans want to withhold his records as a top Bush aide. Why? #WhatsAtStake We need transparency, not secrecy. Access, not obstruction. We need to see all of the relevant documents so we can know Judge Kavanaugh’s full record and see where he stands. … Servicemembers and their families make enormous sacrifices for this country. Rolling back rules that protect them from financial abuse is no way to thank them for their service. I’m calling on the CFPB to keep these protections in place. … He oversaw the raid that killed bin Laden. Now he wants Trump to revoke his security clearance. Read William H. McRaven's letter. … Thank you Sen @MarkWarner for supporting life-saving treatment courts in Virginia! #cjreform #recovery #AdvancingJustice @VADrugCourts … Investing in the skills of American workers is just as important as investing in R&D. This Worker Training Tax Credit proposal from @AspenFutureWork would help incentivize businesses to invest in training for low and middle-income workers. … Drug courts help folks struggling with addiction get clean, stay out of trouble, and get their lives back on track. This is an important part of the solution to the opioid crisis. … RIP Aretha Franklin, the Queen of Soul  Thank you @SenAngusKing and @SenJohnHoeven for cosponsoring our bipartisan portable benefits bill. Two former governors joining a bill that will help governors innovate at the local level with worker benefits that follow you from job to job or gig to gig. … Six years ago today, the United States made a promise to the #DREAMers who were brought to our country as kids: if you work hard and follow the law, you’ll have a shot at the American dream just like everyone else. America should not be a country that goes back on its word. #DACA This might be a convenient way to distract attention, say from a damaging news story or two. But politicizing the way we guard our nation’s secrets just to punish the President’s critics is a dangerous precedent. … It’s been more than a year since President Trump made a promise to help the people of Tangier Island. What’s taking so long?  It can’t wait. @timkaine & I are ready to step up before this treasured land is swallowed by the sea. … Today we honor Heather Heyer, Trooper-Pilot Berke Bates, Lt. Jay Cullen, and those who were injured when white supremacists brought hate, bigotry, and violence to Charlottesville one year ago.  Inclusion and love make this nation great, not bigotry and hatred. We must show that what sets us apart as citizens of this country are our values of respect, openness, and tolerance towards one another. Let us take a moment today to celebrate and honor the lives of Heather Heyer, Lt. Jay Cullen, and Trooper-Pilot Berke Bates.   As we honor their memories, we must also continue to heal the racial wounds of our past. These purveyors of hate and bigotry were emboldened to take their message public by a President who has refused to categorically and unequivocally condemn them in clear terms. Today we remember the lives lost following the deadly rally that occurred a year ago in Charlottesville, when a group of white nationalists came to a peaceful Virginia town seeking to use hate and division to incite violence against fair-minded, innocent civilians. As the one-year anniversary of the deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville approaches, @timkaine & I are *still* pressing the Trump Administration for action to combat hate violence.pic.twitter.com/FwI8nVJhcm About time. This should’ve happened months ago. … The predictable result of a very bad tax bill. … We’ve come a long way since last year, when the Trump administration tried to eliminate Chesapeake Bay cleanup altogether. @TimKaine and I are going to keep up the fight for the Bay. … “When you send a tech entrepreneur to the U.S. Senate, you’ve got to expect some geekiness.”  ACCURATE.  Very happy to be Virginia’s “own Senatorial techie” … One of my favorite events of the year: welcoming Eagle Scouts from around the Commonwealth to the Capitol with @timkaine the other week.pic.twitter.com/9ugSPy7N7g Proud to support this legislation which includes a much-deserved raise or our troops, as well as measures to speed up security clearance processing and improve our nation’s cyber defenses. … 53 years ago today, the Voting Rights Act was signed into law by President Johnson. I shed a little blood on that bridge in Selma and friends of mine gave their lives so that no person would be denied their right to vote. Now do your part—get registered, and vote. #goodtroublepic.twitter.com/wgKUs37JAG "We’re in uncharted territory. But given how much of Americans’ personal data is already out there, Warner’s proposals are probably the best possible approach." … Good news for Virginia’s hardworking federal employees. … American companies shouldn't compromise their core values just to get into the Chinese market. Today @marcorubio & I - along with four other bipartisan Senators - wrote to Google to ask about reports they plan to launch a censored search engine in China.pic.twitter.com/sp9A4Umdxr Glad to see the White House finally do something about election security - even if it’s only a press conference. Now if only it was actually backed up by anything the President has said or done on Russia. … Thank you @SenatorBurr and @MarkWarner for your leadership on countering foreign influence operations.  It was a privilege to discuss these issues with the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Committee this morning.  Read my full statement here:  … … These same tools that spread misinformation can negatively affect other aspects of our lives.  I think we need to start pushing ourselves beyond just recognizing the problem and start to push actual policy ideas forward. Today we focused on what happened in 2016 and what is happening now, but Russian active measures have revealed a dark underbelly of the social media ecosystem. That’s why we will be hosting senior executives from Facebook, Twitter, and Google for a hearing on September 5th.  To hear the plans they have in place, to press them to do more, and to work together to address this challenge. I’ve been hard on them because I know they can do better to protect our democracy. They have the creativity, expertise, resources, and technological capability to get ahead of these malicious actors. Before I went into public service, I spent more than 20 years in the tech business. I have tremendous respect for these companies and what they represent. When they are at their best, they are a symbol of what this country does best: innovation, job creation, changing the world. But all the evidence the Senate Intelligence Committee has seen to date suggests that the platform companies – namely, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google, and YouTube – still have a lot of work to do. I’m also concerned that the U.S. government is not well positioned to detect, track, or counter these types of influence operations on social media. Today, it is becoming clearer that activity represents just a small fraction of the total Russian effort on social media. Much of the initial focus was on paid advertisements. But it quickly became clear that ads represented a tiny percentage of IRA activity – compared to the hundreds of thousands of free Facebook and Instagram posts, pages & groups, and millions of tweets from IRA-backed accounts. Russian active measures on social media have two things in common: They are effective. And they are cheap. For just pennies on the dollar, they can wreak havoc in our society and in our elections. That’s the good news. The bad news is that we have a lot more work to do. We have helped reveal the Russian playbook. We have raised public awareness regarding the threat. And we’ve succeeded, however incrementally, in pressuring the social media companies to take steps to address the problems on their platforms. These revelations eventually resulted in the indictments of 13 Russian individuals and 3 Russian companies by the Special Counsel’s office in February 2018. It was pressure brought to bear by the Intel Committee that led Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to uncover malicious activity by the Russian-backed Internet Research Agency. Our Committee has invested a significant amount of time, focus and energy – both in public and behind closed doors – in uncovering and exposing Russian information warfare in our own backyard. This morning, the Senate Intel committee heard from top experts on social media manipulation and foreign influence operations like the one we saw during the 2016 election. From @MarkWarner: National conversation about privacy, data and social media is long overdue. I've released 20 proposals on how to balance technology regulation and innovation.  HAPPENING NOW — Senate Intelligence hearing with social media experts on foreign influence operations. Watch live: … A national conversation about privacy, data and social media is long overdue. Here’s where I believe we should start. … Remember when Republicans in Congress promised this wouldn’t happen? … This afternoon I joined @SecretaryZinke and a #bipartisan group of Senators to announce our plans to #FixOurParkspic.twitter.com/1AD8oc5OfV I'm glad Facebook is taking some steps to pinpoint & address this activity. I also expect Facebook, along with other platform companies, will continue to identify Russian troll activity and to work with Congress on updating our laws to better protect our democracy in the future. More evidence that the Kremlin continues to exploit platforms like Facebook to sow division and spread disinformation. … #ICYMI: @PurdueMitch & @MarkWarner on the important role governors can play in supporting their skilled workers in the rapidly changing economy.  Great to see @MarkleFdn & @JoinSkillful highlighted as an example of what's working  … … #SkillfulStateNetwork Glad that @MarkWarner and @marcorubio are raising awareness around "deepfakes" - AI will transform political warfare and the West is falling behind, as I wrote for @BrookingsFP : … Stories like this are the canary in the coal mine for the Trump trade war. We’re heading towards a disaster and running out of time to turn this around. … Call me crazy, but I just don’t think the Trump Administration should be abusing its authority to give the rich a $100 billion tax break. … The Presidential Records Act makes clear that White House records, including Brett Kavanaugh's, belong to the American people. Now, the National Archives is refusing to provide those records to Democrats so we can vet his nomination. This has NEVER happened. #ReleaseTheRecords Orwellian stories like this one about “deleted family units” are a harsh reminder of how much work remains to clean up this tragic mess. Families belong together. Period. … #Medicare and #Medicaid have helped millions of seniors, children, disabled & low-income Americans access quality care. Today, we have an opportunity to expand Medicaid in Alabama & 16 other states—bringing our tax dollars back from DC and improving the health of our workforce.pic.twitter.com/zL4QbfKuhh Medicaid turns 53 today. Thanks to Virginia’s #Medicaid expansion, thousands of our fellow Virginians who work hard but still can’t afford insurance will be soon have access to affordable healthcare. That’s good news for the whole Commonwealth. Very welcome, serious discussion from @MarkWarner grappling with the challenges posed by social media and technology.  These are the discussions policymakers need to be having.   … I don’t know about you, but I’m pretty angry about this. Thanks to the GOP tax bill, CEOs are cashing out instead of investing in their companies or giving their workers a raise. It’s not right. … Senator @MarkWarner has lead discussion on problems of tech platforms since the November '17 hearings w/ tech leaders. His new policy paper lists 20 ways to move from "Wild West" era to more responsible landscape w/ impressive nuance and tradeoffs. … I've reviewed tech policy proposals from the US Congress for over a decade. Nearly all of them have been small-bore & minimalist. This, from @MarkWarner, actually expresses an ambitious vision to achieve real change. Progress!  … Scoop from Axios' @dmccabe: Sen. Mark Warner's office has laid out 20 different paths to address problems posed by Big Tech platforms — ranging from putting a price on individual users' data to funding media literacy programs. … S.Res. 595 by @MarkWarner passed yesterday. A resolution designating July 26, 2018, as “United States Intelligence Professionals Day”.  …  Two years ago today … This confirms what we've been saying for some time. The Russians are actively intervening in the 2018 election. Forget the politics. We don't have a government-wide strategy for dealing with this, and that needs to change now. … I remember my time interning for @MarkWarner and @Mark_Shriver fondly. Happy to celebrate #nationalinternday with Bria and Shakera just two of the many amazing interns in our office! Oh yeah, here at @CityRichmondVA we #PayTheInternspic.twitter.com/ZQhycneieG – bei Richmond City Hall I joined Sen. @MarkWarner today to thank the brave men and women of the US Intel Community. Every day, Intel professionals risk their lives to keep our homeland safe. They do so without credit or thanks, but knowing their work is vital for our defense.  … Amen. Grateful today and every day for the men and women of the @FBI. #FBI110 … We can’t stop speaking out about this. ZTE is a threat to our national security. … Today is Intelligence Professionals Day, a day we designate each year to say thank you to the men and women of our Intelligence Community and commemorate the sacrifices they and their families make for our country. … Honored to co-sponsor @SenatorBurr & @MarkWarner’s bipartisan resolution to designate today “U.S. Intelligence Professionals Day.” Most individuals in our Intel Community work in anonymity, but they serve tirelessly every day to keep America safe. … Many of these men and women put their lives on the line every day, knowing full well that if they do their job well, the rest of us will never know about the threats they protect us from. For that, they deserve our gratitude today and every day. The memorial walls like those at the CIA and NSA remind us of what’s at stake for those who serve in the IC.pic.twitter.com/2auN46KGMd It’s out of that dedication, and that love for country, that many brave Americans whose names we’ll never know have paid the ultimate price. While the nature of the threats facing our country has changed over the years, the dedication that’s a hallmark of those who serve in the IC has been a constant for the last 71 years. On this day in 1947, President Truman signed the National Security Act of 1947, creating the US Intelligence Community as we know it today.pic.twitter.com/fGCs1QvoaY I have no doubt the baseless attempt to impeach Deputy AG Rosenstein will fail, but this blatant abuse of power should concern everyone who believes in the rule of law, Republican and Democrat alike. #TradeNotAid  … This afternoon I took to the Senate floor to stand up for Virginia’s public servants and the men and women of our federal law enforcement and intelligence communities. WATCH:  This is important. The American people deserve to see these documents. … Sen. @MarkWarner said the Trump administration’s attacks on federal workers are undermining the nation, pleading directly with the president to “leave our federal employees alone."  pic.twitter.com/aRCWER2LkG Another broken promise. … So now we’re going to bail out the American farmers who are getting crushed by the Trump trade war? I think everyone would be better off if the President ended his job-killing trade war and got out of the way so our farmers can sell their products. … Tomorrow is the deadline for the Trump Administration to reunite families that were separated under its family separation policy. For these families’ sake, I hope our government is able to reunite them in time, but I fear this fight is far from over. … "We see Judge Kavanaugh's record about this imperial view of the Presidency" and "unfortunately, that may be one of the reasons why he was selected" - Sen. @MarkWarnerpic.twitter.com/Nv6EUeypdt In this 21st century economy, investors are calling for companies to disclose more about their environmental, social, and governance practices. In this letter, I called on the SEC to require companies to also be transparent about how they’re managing and investing in workers. … Glad to have @SecretaryZinke’s support for our bipartisan bill to #FixOurParks and tackle our massive national parks maintenance backlog. … In @thenewmexican, @AspenFutureWork honorary co-chairs @purduemitch and @MarkWarner write that "our country needs forward-looking governors to develop new ideas, pilot programs and partnerships that help support American workers" in our changing economy. … Early this morning, someone threw a brick through the front office window of my Roanoke office. Thankfully, due to the hour, no one was there and no one was hurt. We’re all extremely grateful for the quick, professional response of the Roanoke Police Department. It is great to see @GovernorVA and @MarkWarner here in Wise at the #RAM Health Wagon medical clinic. Visit  .pic.twitter.com/w1TM3UdFeA While we are excited about Medicaid expansion in the Commonwealth––we are also grateful for the services of @ramusaorg and @MissionOfMercy and the incredible team of doctors, nurses and volunteers bringing critical healthcare and dental care to Virginians.pic.twitter.com/JhqxE7Yj3f .@MarkWarner on @MorningJoe: There's a crisis of opportunity in this country. Democrats ought to be about spreading opportunity and its going to take a forward-leaning agenda to do that. #Opportunity2020 #OpportunityDemspic.twitter.com/RVJFFQQpmS This is wonky but important. The nature of work is changing, and that’s going to fundamentally change our economy. As our nation’s governors gather in New Mexico this week, @PurdueMitch and I are calling on governors to innovate and experiment with solutions to these challenges. … A shocking white flag retreat by Republican leaders. … It's increasingly clear that no one in our government knows what happened in that room with Putin. If the President cut some secret deal with Putin, we need to know about it. We can't just keep learning new details from the Russians. This is a huge mistake. Beyond frustrated that Republican leaders are caving to the Trump Administration’s demands on ZTE. This can only make our country less safe. … .@MarkWarner on @MorningJoe from #Opportunity2020 in Columbus: "The Democrats ought to be the party that says we want to give everybody in this country an opportunity to earn a good life."pic.twitter.com/Y2ZJXPAjpQ @MarkWarner Your state is representing! Check out the teamwork between Roanoke College and @SalemVA for the #LipSyncChallenge.  -  pic.twitter.com/5TVpm15YWj Dan Coats hasn’t gone rogue. He’s gone honest. … Today, @ChrisVanHollen & I announced new cosponsors of the bipartisan Defending Elections from Threats by Establishing Redlines (DETER) Act: @MarkWarner @SenCoryGardner @SenatorBaldwin @LindseyGrahamSC @ChrisCoons @BenSasse @SenatorCantwell @ChuckGrassley:  Judge Webster stabilized the FBI after Watergate and the CIA after Iran-Contra. He is a patriot. The attacks on our intelligence and law enforcement agencies are personal for him, as they are for many of us. His message is the right one:Leave Mueller alone  Momentum building! 8 of our colleagues have joined @MarcoRubio and I in cosponsoring the #DETERAct—@MarkWarner, @SenCoryGardner, @SenatorBaldwin, @LindseyGrahamSC, @ChrisCoons, @SenSasse, @SenatorCantwell, and @ChuckGrassley. Our democracy is at risk, and we must take action.pic.twitter.com/QI8fix0w3Z While we’re at it, this is completely false as well. … There’s really no excuse for comments like this. The entire intelligence community, multiple indictments from the Special Counsel, and the entire Senate Intel Committee have all confirmed this conclusion. Heck Putin even said it himself on Monday. … The Nazis were wrong. … I have zero doubt the Russians tried to destabilize our nation in 2016 by attacking the core of our democracy. Anyone who believes they will not do it again has missed the basic information from our intelligence briefings.pic.twitter.com/L36t5AXRGo “Faith in the justice system and in our intelligence agencies cannot be collateral damage in a partisan grudge match.” A reasoned plea from former @FBI & @CIA Director William Webster in ⁦@nytimes⁩ … We’re not turning @McFaul or any other American public servant over to Russia to be prosecuted for non-existent crimes. The White House should make that clear immediately. … From the most non-partisan, non-political person I know, William Webster. “In times like these, citizens have a duty...to speak up.” … This is simply false. Directly contradicted by DNI Coats, who just sounded the alarm about Russia's "ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy."   I'll take Dan Coats' word over Putin's any day. … Congratulations, Captain Brown! @LynchburgFire … Important, must-read op-ed from William Webster, FBI Director under Carter and Reagan, and CIA Director under Reagan and Bush. … Russia tried to meddle in our 2016 elections - they'll be back in 2018 and 2020. We must be prepared by helping states strengthen election systems. Glad to have @SenatorRounds and @SenBillNelson as new co-sponsors of our bipartisan #SecureElectionsAct today. 10 co-sponsors total. This is another consequence of the President’s trade war, and it comes at a tough time for the newspaper industry. In this latest bipartisan letter, my colleagues and I are standing up for Virginia jobs and our local newspapers. … I just don’t buy the President’s comments today. If he wanted to take a stand on Russian election interference, he should have had the strength to do it in front of Vladimir Putin. Seriously. … Sen. Warner says he met with European officials yesterday: "They were stunned when they heard president's comments."pic.twitter.com/Qfr7LdfQGA Yesterday was a pretty good reminder of the importance of a free and independent press. Great job, Hampton PD!  … Democratic Sen. @MarkWarner, vice chairman of the Senate Intel Committee: "I think yesterday may end up being the defining moment of the Trump presidency. This was such a pitiful performance"pic.twitter.com/qfebfBxZuS State election officials have stepped up, Senate Intel has fought to get these officials more resources, but we still need leadership from the White House if we’re going to be ready to defend against foreign election interference in 2018. … When it comes to whether Russia interfered in our elections, I believe the unanimous opinion of America's intelligence community. President Trump just said he believes Vladimir Putin. Congress should stand up for America's interests, & it can start by passing the #HonestAds Act While the President was onstage with Vladimir Putin, @MarcoRubio and I were meeting with elected officials from our NATO allies, coordinating our response to Russian cyber aggression. We’re going to stand up to Putin, and here’s where we plan to start: … We shouldn’t have to keep going over this. … "Why was there such a necessity to have a one-on-one session, particularly with a trained KGB agent?" @MarkWarner on the Trump-Putin summit. #Hardballpic.twitter.com/E5238KtjJw "The idea that an American president is kowtowing to a Russian president is fairly remarkable ... our European allies, their heads are spinning" - Senator @MarkWarner on the Trump-Putin summit  pic.twitter.com/uFZbT1YpaJ “Americans, and frankly the world has reason to be concerned.” - @MarkWarner on #TrumpPutinSummit #PutinTrump #Russia … Reminder: we still face another serious threat to our national security, and that’s ZTE. Republicans and Democrats agree we need to block the President’s bad deal with ZTE. … Everyone should read this. … Imagine if President Kennedy had just accepted Khrushchev’s assurances, ‘don’t worry, there are no missiles in Cuba.’ We would be living in a very different world. Must-read op-ed from @DamianCollins, MP. Today we brought together NATO parliamentarians committed to standing up to Russian cyber aggression.  …? Trump bashes the intel community in front of Putin. We'll talk to @MarkWarner about the Helsinki Summit. #Hardball If this is what President Trump says publicly, what did he tell Putin privately? Sen @MarkWarner: "Putin has been very successful at dividing our nation. This is a threat to open democracies… NATO is more than a defense treaty… we are aligned because we are countries that believe in rule of law, a free press, and one person one vote…" #RussiaFactor 11/12pic.twitter.com/BxL2XersRH VIDEO THREAD  Watch our thread of video clips featuring Senators @MarkWarner and @MarcoRubio on the Kremlin’s election interference strategies and tactics and how the West can protect itself from hybrid warfare. Or, watch live at  …  … WATCH LIVE NOW: the Kremlin employs an asymmetric arsenal to influence the outcome of democratic elections. What can be done to thwart their hybrid warfare strategies and tactics? Watch our discussion with Senators @MarkWarner and @MarcoRubio now: … Joining @MarkWarner at the @AtlanticCouncil for a fireside chat to discuss #Russia's attempt to harm our democracy through cyber-attacks, online manipulation & disinformation campaigns. Watch live:  Relations between the US and Russia are strained and "not because of us but because Russia intervened into our election on 2016," says Sen @MarkWarner highlighting the #RussiaFactor which was underscored in today's #HelsinkiSummit "President Trump treated our allies as our adversaries and an adversary as an ally" Sen @MarkWarner says of the #HelsinkiSummit between #TrumpPutin on the #RussiaFactor For the President to side with Putin over his own intelligence officials and blame the United States for Russia’s attack on our democracy is a complete disgrace. Putin just lied to the President’s face about Russian interference in the 2016 election. This is great news for Hampton Roads, which comes at a crucial time for our NATO alliance. … Ahead of our @AtlanticCouncil meeting in Washington today with @MarkWarner and @marcorubio read my article in @thetimes on how we need to act against the Russian disinformation campaigns that attack our democracies … How do we #stopmeddling in elections? The Transatlantic Commission on Election Integrity co-hosts an event today with Senators @MarkWarner and @MarcoRubio, Commission members @EileenDonahoe @njaresko and MP @DamianCollins  live 2pm EST/7pm BST/8pm CEST:  pic.twitter.com/j7jF7Pg3wW Again, unless POTUS holds Putin accountable for:   - 2016 election interference - Undermining European democracies - The UK chemical attack - Invading Crimea - Arming Ukrainian separatists - Supporting Assad’s war crimes   This is just another photo-op with a dictator. … After the #TrumpPutin summit we will host Senators @MarkWarner and @MarcoRubio to discuss Russia's asymmetric arsenal for conducting hybrid warfare—cyber-attacks, online manipulation & disinformation campaigns. Bookmark our site now to watch live tomorrow:  …pic.twitter.com/c93qIGGaYj From the country who brought you an army of paid anti-American internet trolls...pic.twitter.com/2uEYJXeVOP In the past 24 hours, the President has labeled the *European Union* a foe and let Russia off the hook for one of the largest state-sponsored cyber attacks in US history. … You can’t just show up to a meeting with Kim Jong-Un, take a couple photos and pretend the North Korean nuclear issue is over. We need to know the truth about North Korea’s nuclear program and what it will actually take to end it. … It’s frankly concerning that the President hasn’t made standing up to Russian aggression and securing our elections two of his top priorities. … It’s a heck of a coincidence.pic.twitter.com/Rw65oEFZLU Putin is a trained former KGB officer. The President can’t just go into a one-on-one meeting and wing it. .@MarkWarner says “in a normal administration” election security would be a priority and calls it an “embarrassment” that it isn’t in this White House: “I am not sure we are fully prepared” #CNNSOTU  .@MarkWarner to @jaketapper: "This was a full-on assault on our democratic system. ... They did it with the intent of helping Trump and hurting Clinton. That's the reason why we have difficult relations with Russia." #CNNSOTU Sent joint letter urging Pres Trump to avoid meeting Putin alone. Keeping American staff & voices out of room gives Putin an advantage, could lead to Pres Trump making more unforced errors/concessions to Russia, & means no verifiable record of discussion. … On Monday July 16, the same day as the Trump-Putin meeting in Finland, we are hosting Senators Senators @MarkWarner and @MarcoRubio in Washington to discuss the Kremlin's wide band of tactics to influence election outcomes.  …pic.twitter.com/afvc4TayZq .@MarcoRubio and I have great partners in @DamianCollins and @IanCLucas. We’re bringing together Parliamentarians from our NATO allies on Monday to continue our work combatting Russian aggression against Western democracies. … .@realdonaldtrump is meeting with Putin on Monday. If he won’t use that opportunity to take him to task for the illegal actions of his intel officers, he should cancel the meeting altogether.pic.twitter.com/ltc5LVLWh4 If Putin is not prepared to hand over the Russian intelligence officials responsible for hacking our election, the President should cancel the meeting.pic.twitter.com/M9jsgipuhN President Trump must cancel his meeting with Putin if he doesn't plan to make 2016 election interference the top issue of discussion. If he insists on meeting with Putin, doing so without other Americans in the room would be a terrible mistake & raises serious questions. .@realDonaldTrump should either cancel the Putin summit or show up with a plan and the team needed to hold Putin accountable. No one-on-one meetings. No letting him off the hook. Don't wing it. … More indictments prove, yet again, that hostile Russian actors targeted Americans with sophisticated crimes in 2016. This investigation must continue—unobstructed—to keep protecting Americans, safeguarding future elections, and holding criminals responsible for their actions. Amen. … Seems like a good time to re-up this: … In light of today’s indictments, there should be no one-on-one meeting between President Trump and Vladimir Putin on Monday. There must be Americans in the room. If the President won't make Russia's attack on our election the #1 issue at the summit, then it should be canceled. THIS SUNDAY: Sen. @MarkWarner (D-Va.), vice chair of the Senate Intel Committee, joins @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd. #MTP #TuneInpic.twitter.com/urEMKeMMNF While President Trump is meeting with Vladimir Putin next week, @MarcoRubio and I will bring together legislators from allied countries at the @AtlanticCouncil. We have a clear message: Russia's plans to divide and attack us won't work. … The President promised his tax bill would give workers a $4,000 raise. It didn’t happen. … From @MarkWarner and @marcorubio: As #DonaldTrump meets Vladimir #Putin in Helsinki, we'll be meeting with allies in Washington to show #Russia its plans to divide and attack us won't work.  This is nuts. … Our military and intelligence community have all warned us that ZTE is a national security threat. This sweetheart deal not only ignores this threat, it lets ZTE off the hook for evading sanctions against Iran and North Korea with a slap on the wrist. … SSCI Vice Chair @MarkWarner takes ODNI to task and asks what many are wondering - whether the IC has any assessments to support the Trump administration’s public pronouncements on North Korea’s willingness to denuclearizepic.twitter.com/tDgbrQ2qh1 THIS: … A clear, bipartisan rebuke of the President’s job-killing trade war against some of our closest allies. … Voting Yea to support @NATO:  @SenTedCruz, @SenOrrinHatch, @SenatorLeahy, @SenatorSanders, @timkaine, @MarkWarner, @PattyMurray, @SenatorCantwell, @SenCapito, @Sen_JoeManchin #StrongerWithAllies 10/11 NATO is the reason that summit you’re at isn’t being conducted in Russian. … Our security relies on strong alliances, which is why the Senate reaffirmed its bipartisan support for #NATO today. @POTUS should double down to fortify NATO—not isolate us from our partners while elevating Putin in the face of Russian aggression & interference in our democracy. Thank you Senators @senrobportman @MarkWarner @SenAlexander @SenAngusKing for your leadership on national parks and introducing The Restore Our Parks Act (S. 3172)! This bill would make a huge impact on tackling deferred maintenance and fixing our parks! #ThisPlaceMatters President Trump should not meet with President Putin alone. This is *exactly* what Putin wants. … Looking forward to testifying at today's Energy and Natural Resources subcommittee hearing in support of our bipartisan legislation to #FixOurParks … Retweet if you agree: People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the provision of the #ACA that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/zrk3HHjZk4 “Last year, Republicans learned that conspicuously ripping health insurance from millions of poor and sick people would probably cost them votes. So instead, they pursued a sneakier strategy: sabotage.” … Sabotage — verb — to deliberately destroy, damage, or obstruct (something), especially for political or military advantage. … Another broken promise. … Incompetence does not excuse this by any stretch. It is the moral duty of the United States to reunite these families as soon as possible.  … Case closed: there had been reports from the Justice Department that victims of the OPM hack, a Chinese espionage operation by all public accounts, were being targeted by criminals here in the US. The DOJ has now informed me those reports were premature and corrected the error. … .@realDonaldTrump’s #TradeWar has sparked $165 billion in new tariffs & quotas since the beginning of 2018, leaving American workers and businesses to pay the price. … It’s increasingly clear just how unprepared the Trump Administration was to deal with the consequences of its cruel family separation policy. This is a disgrace. … It shouldn’t be hard to stand with our allies and stand up to dictators. … We welcome @CNBC's recognition of our administration’s efforts to make Virginia work better for families and businesses in every corner of our Commonwealth. We're coming for our rightful place at the top of the list! … I plan to carefully examine Judge Kavanaugh's record and judicial philosophy. I cannot and will not support a nominee who would take this country backwards by undermining our fundamental rights and American values. That simple fact, and that this nominee comes from a list put together by ultra-conservative groups who do not support these core values, give me grave concerns that Judge Kavanaugh is not the right pick to serve on our nation’s highest court. Time and time again, President Trump has said that he will only nominate candidates who will vote to undermine those rights and who will work to overturn Roe v. Wade. The stakes are made that much higher by an Administration that routinely violates longstanding norms and pushes ethical boundaries past the breaking point. We need a Supreme Court that can act as a check on the executive branch now more than ever. The next Supreme Court justice will determine whether we are a country that lives by our values when it comes to voting rights, women’s rights, workers' rights, and the rights of LGBT Americans. The next Supreme Court justice will determine whether women will maintain their constitutional right to reproductive health care and whether we will continue to protect people with pre-existing conditions from discrimination. There is much at stake with President Trump’s nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to fill the vacancy created by Justice Kennedy’s retirement. I applaud Twitter for putting the integrity of its platform over short-term business interests. Social media companies have a responsibility to ensure their platforms aren't playgrounds for disinformation, scams & abuse. I would encourage other platforms to follow Twitter's lead. … "It is a good thing for adversaries to talk to each other, but it is not wise for Mr. Trump to remain in denial about the Kremlin’s active measures during the 2016 election...It is time for the president to unambiguously accept this bipartisan conclusion." … Thank you, @bfrist. #CountryOverParty … These recruits have held up their end of the bargain – passing required background checks, fulfilling their enlistment commitment, and maintaining a legal immigration status. They deserve our support, and we should follow through on our commitment to the contract they signed. … Good. … Happy Fourth of July! Russia will be back in 2018. We need to be ready. While our investigation remains ongoing, we have to learn from the 2016 election so we can be ready for future interference attempts by Russia and other foreign adversaries in future elections. Evidence and intel we have seen since the ICA was written further supports those findings and tells us that the Russians aren’t going to stop. Bottom line: the overall judgments issued in the ICA were well-supported and the tradecraft was strong. We found that the ICA assessment that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered this influence campaign to destabilize our democratic institutions is well supported. After 16 months of reviewing the intelligence that went into this report, we have found that the ICA’s finding — that Russia interfered in the election to help Trump and to hurt Clinton — is well supported. Today Senate Intel released the unclassified summary of ​our findings on the ICA report into Russia's Interference in the 2016 election. Read it here:  … Thank you @MarkWarner for your continued support for @VSUTrojans … EVENT—We have two important events, among many others, lined up.  On July 16, the same day of the Trump-Putin meeting, we are hosting Senators @MarkWarner and @marcorubio to discuss the threats posed by the Kremlin's meddling in elections. Register:  … A new bipartisan bill is building momentum for addressing the maintenance backlog in America's national parks. #FixOurParks  …pic.twitter.com/A98a2tJccP I’m so impressed with Gabriel and Noah from Richmond. They were diagnosed at birth with sickle cell disease, but that hasn’t stopped them from coming to DC to advocate for CHIP funding so that other Virginia kids can have access to the quality healthcare they’ve received.pic.twitter.com/IfwUGYPMOq “The White House promised '70 percent' of the tax cut would go to workers. It didn't.” … Congratulations @VSUTrojans! … GOOD NEWS for our national parks. After months of negotiations with the Administration and my Republican colleagues, I’m proud to introduce this bipartisan consensus bill to finally address our massive national parks maintenance backlog. … This is 100% false. … Phil, I can’t imagine what you and the entire Capital Gazette team are going through right now. Journalists shouldn’t have to fend off bullets in the newsroom while doing their jobs—this is not normal. Stay strong. … With threats of election interference growing @MarkWarner & I are urging the FEC to implement strong transparency & accountability rules for online ads as they examine them for a 2nd day. We must also pass my Honest Ads Act so we know who’s paying to influence our elections. Make no mistake: the President just gave Russia the green light to once again interfere in US Elections. This is dangerous, this is weak, and it’s yet another slap in the face to the intelligence professionals who quite literally risk their lives to gather this kind of intelligence. But no, here we are less than a month away from a Presidential summit with Vladimir Putin, and the President is openly taking Putin’s word over our own intelligence community. For a while it even seemed like the President had gotten the message. … So does the entire Senate Intel Committee, Republicans and Democrats alike. … Reminder: our entire IC leadership stands by that conclusion. … The President can either believe the unanimous conclusion of our intelligence community, or he can believe Vladimir Putin.  … The President can either believe his Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, or he can believe Vladimir Putin. … The President can either believe his NSA Director and head of US Cyber Command General Nakasone, or he can believe Vladimir Putin. … The President can either believe his FBI Director Chris Wray, or he can believe Vladimir Putin. … The President can either believe his Secretary of State and former CIA Director Mike Pompeo, or he can believe Vladimir Putin. … The President can either believe his Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, or he can believe Vladimir Putin. … And they’re lying. The President can either believe Russia or he can believe our country’s intel chiefs, generals, cabinet secretaries, and diplomats who’ve all said the same thing: Russia interfered in the 2016 election, and they’ll be back in 2018. … I am grateful to Justice Kennedy for his many decades of service to our country, and wish him all the best in his retirement. In just four months, the American people will determine the makeup of the United States Senate. Given the precedent set by Leader McConnell in 2016, it is only appropriate that the Senate wait until the new Congress is seated to consider any nomination to the Supreme Court. Unless the President holds Putin accountable for:   - 2016 election interference - Undermining European democracies - The UK chemical attack - Invading Crimea - Arming Ukrainian separatists - Supporting Assad’s war crimes   This will just be another photo-op with a dictator. … After visiting one of the ‘better’ detention facilities, all I can say is we need a lot more compassion for these kids. We need to reunite these families now, then come back to the negotiating table and work on real, bipartisan immigration reform so this can never happen again. We’ve heard a lot of denials, a lot of counterattacks and blame shifting from this Administration, but we haven’t heard a lot by way of compassion for these children. What this facility cannot do is reunite them with their parents. That’s the responsibility of the Trump Administration, which created this mess. But no matter how well they’re being treated by the staff, the fact remains that they’re being held in detention, separated from their parents, because of this Administration. Housing them in the Ritz wouldn’t make that better. I’ve known this facility for a long time, I’ve visited before, and according to the kids I spoke to, they’re being treated well there. This morning I visited an HHS detention facility in Bristow, VA, where a number of immigrant minors are being held, 15 of whom were separated from their parents at the border. Some thoughts:pic.twitter.com/82BNUd4NeI Awaiting a briefing from @MarkWarner about the Bristow, Va facility housing immigrant children separated from their parents. He’s getting a tour now. @WTOPpic.twitter.com/4xpBJ47vlO By now you might have heard the reports of immigrant kids allegedly abused at a detention center in Staunton, Va. HHS Secretary Azar is responsible for overseeing that facility and I pressed him for answers. … UPDATE: Only around 500 children separated from their parents at the border have been reunited. Around 2,000 children are still separated. We must not allow attention to fade from this ongoing crisis. This is happening in every state. And the official filings from insurance companies specifically cite Republican sabotage driving these massive rate increases. … The Senate Intelligence Committee unanimously passed the 2019 Intelligence Authorization Act today. It’s named after late committee staffer Matthew Pollard, who died in April.pic.twitter.com/gG9NfYBrds It’s official: the Republican tax bill is blowing up our national debt, bigly. … ZTE is a national security threat, not a bargaining chip in trade negotiations. Our intelligence community knows it, our military knows it, and by now our President should know it too. Today @MarcoRubio and I called on the President to reverse course on the bad deal with ZTE. … The America that I know & am proud to have served in uniform is a nation that welcomes immigrants & refugees & defends the human rights of all people, no matter their religion, ethnicity or nationality. History will harshly judge today’s #SCOTUS ruling  While I disagree with the Court, today’s decision does not make the President’s actions or statements related to the travel ban moral or just. We need to fight religious discrimination at every turn. Congress should take action to reverse the Trump travel ban. Three years ago today #MarriageEquality became the law of the land. #LoveIsLovepic.twitter.com/i0uNuHkcrI Trump constantly belittles our hardworking federal workforce and proposed a pay freeze even though the cost of living is rising. I’m glad we stood up for our civil servants by voting to give them a modest pay raise. This is an important step but the fight is not over. … Great drawing, Sarah! Can’t wait to see this young Virginian’s @Google doodle on the homepage. … Who is getting hurt the most by Trump's sabotage of the health care system?   Older Americans who don't yet qualify for Medicare. … Something strange is happening. Federal workers hit by the OPM hack — according to all public reports a Chinese espionage operation — are getting their identities stolen and we don’t know why or how. I’m pressing OPM and the Justice Department for answers. … What can we say, Mason always gets it done  … My thanks to @Sen_JoeManchin. And a sore rib for a few weeks is no big deal. I play hurt. The work goes on. … With a motion by George Mason, seconded by Patrick Henry, and a vote of 89-79, Virginia became the 10th state admitted to the Union 230 years ago today. Happy Statehood Day Virginia!pic.twitter.com/FpJsLiLL6s This isn’t over until every last family is reunited. … Where is the plan from the Trump Administration to reunite these children with their parents? President Trump created this humanitarian crisis—he hasn’t solved anything. … Congratulations to the @LittleLobbyists on one year of fighting for our nation’s youngest and most vulnerable #Medicaid patients. Keep up the fight. You give the rest of us hope.pic.twitter.com/InWxT7qcmL Great conversation on cybersecurity and security clearance reform with @NoVATechCouncil today at @GWTweets Loudoun Campus.pic.twitter.com/34An8FUkzf .@TimKaine and I are demanding answers about what’s going on at this facility in Staunton. … @MarkWarner sits down with @gwvstc #GWU cybersecurity students #NVTCpic.twitter.com/OvEvIzBt2a Great seeing advocates from @AlzAssociation. They’re fighting for the 140,000 Virginians with Alzheimer’s and thousands of families, like mine, who have been impacted by this disease. Together we’re going to keep fighting to #EndALZpic.twitter.com/Rum0IaXeDA We need to see these kids, and we need answers about what's going on at this facility. … The Old Testament instructs the faithful: “When a foreigner resides among you in your land, do not mistreat them... Love them as yourself, for you were foreigners.” A lesson for us all on this #WorldRefugeeDay.  How we treat those fleeing violence and poverty shows our values. Never forget how many of us are Americans because our ancestors came fleeing war, famine, religious persecution & other hardships. They believed America was where they could build a better life for their families. It will be a sad day when that’s no longer true. #WorldRefugeeDay “One of the most important takeaways from the @BLS_gov Contingent Worker Supplement is that this portion of the workforce is not going away.” -@MarkWarnerpic.twitter.com/vflFkg580j More people should be paying attention to this. … A person's dignity does not depend on them being a citizen, a migrant, or a refugee. Saving the life of someone fleeing war and poverty is an act of humanity. #WithRefugees @M_RSection Amen @MarkHerringVA. #KeepFamiliesTogether … Today:  Sen.@MarkWarner, a vocal advocate for gig worker rights, expected to detail a few new ideas to help protect the workforce; … .@markwarner at Senate Intel Comm hearing: Russian intervention in 2016 election was "a success for Vladimir Putin." News: @MarkWarner opening statement on policy response to #Russian interference.   "Even to this day – over a year a half later – I have significant concerns that we are still behind the eight ball in effectively combatting these tactics." This is child abuse.  … Shout out to Sens. @timkaine and @MarkWarner for taking a strong stand against family separation and cosponsoring legislation to #KeepFamiliesTogether! And thank you to all those who called and made your voices heard! … .@TimKaine and I are demanding answers about the Trump Administration’s #FamilySeparation policy. We’ve signed on to legislation to end this cruel practice, and we’re not going to let up until this ends. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/gdZ2b9QPFj Great hearing from SecDef Mattis at today’s Senate India Caucus meeting – important insights on the vital role of the US-India relationship to our national security in the Pacific region and at home.pic.twitter.com/BqogvKNRkB Amen @GovernorVA. #KeepFamiliesTogether … The OPPORTUNITY Act, my bill to connect a diverse pool of students with the @DeptofDefense Cyber Scholarship Program, passed the Senate last night. Thanks to @MarkWarner for helping to make sure that the US has the world's most elite cyber defense force. … #Juneteenth commemorates the day of freedom for thousands of enslaved African-Americans. Today it’s a day to celebrate freedom and equality, and it’s a reminder we have more work to do to achieve those ideals in the lives of many black Americans. … #FamilySeparation is not “the law.” It’s not “the Democrats fault.” It is the direct result of this DOJ order, signed by AG Sessions in April, implemented by the Trump Administration. These are facts.pic.twitter.com/EqwJiBtbsD Join us on 6/20 for a briefing on the latest data on contingent work and its implications for workers. You’ll hear keynote remarks from @MarkWarner and @SenToddYoung, an overview of the data from @BLS_gov, and a panel moderated by @SarahFKessler. RSVP here  pic.twitter.com/kRwgXP6TJY Tonight the Senate passed our bipartisan amendment to block the Trump Administration's bad deal with ZTE. If the President won't act on warnings from his own top intelligence officials about the dangers posed by ZTE, we will. This is just heartbreaking. End #FamilySeparation now. … Correct. … Facts matter. Alliances matter. The way the President of the United States conducts himself on the world stage matters. … .@realDonaldTrump and @SecNielsen say their family separation policies are required by law. Those claims are false. … U.S. lawmakers -- specifically, @SenTomCotton & @MarkWarner -- warn Canada about Chinese telecom giant Huawei /via @globeandmail … And currently, everyone else is arguing that the Trump Administration’s #FamilySeparation policy: - Is cruel - Is immoral - Should end immediately … I live in a border state. I appreciate the need to enforce and protect our international boundaries, but this zero-tolerance policy is cruel. It is immoral. And it breaks my heart. … “Callous” — adjective — showing or having an insensitive and cruel disregard for others. … Opioid overdoses are now the leading cause of accidental death in Virginia, surpassing car accidents and gun violence. Glad my bills were included in the bipartisan Senate opioid package. Let's get this passed. … Another reason the President's trade war is a terrible idea: it's going to raise the price of cans for Virginia's breweries. Raised a glass with #RVA brewers to smart trade and a decently priced pint at @Hardywood.pic.twitter.com/ajJvuGkqcV Privileged to have joined @MarkWarner, @VVforDelegate, and @SpanbergerVA07 this morning to wish peace and prosperity to ALL. #EidMubarak to all brothers and sisters celebrating! #EidAlFitr2018pic.twitter.com/rIzjAXivnO We shouldn't be trying to balance the budget on the backs of federal workers. Targeting public servants might seem like convenient politics, but it's just not right. … It’s appalling to me that someone could use the Bible to justify tearing children away from their families. This @TheJusticeDept policy is not a law—HUGE difference—and it defies our values as Americans. I’m exploring every option available to halt this policy. It was an honor to start my morning with members of the Muslim Community of Greater Richmond to celebrate Eid al-Fitr. Eid Mubarak to the entire Virginia Muslim community!pic.twitter.com/OC3zk8aRph Fact: the Trump Administration is trying to take away protections for people with pre-existing conditions. … It’s important to remember today that President Trump has already said, on camera, why he fired James Comey – to stop the Russia investigation. No claims the Administration might make will change that fact. The President will surely attempt to use this to discredit the ongoing criminal investigation into his campaign, so let’s be clear: this report has absolutely nothing to do with the Mueller investigation, which must be allowed to conclude without interference from the President. The release of this Inspector General report confirms what has been clear for some time: though FBI leadership made errors in judgment in the run-up to the election, those actions were not influenced by any political bias and, if anything, helped Donald Trump’s candidacy. In honor of Flag Day, nearly 1,400 flags are flying in a field in @cityofdanville - This is the fourth year for the Field of Honor, organized by the Rotary Club of Danville. The flags will remain standing through July 4  #FlagDay2018 @WDBJ7pic.twitter.com/8DON1dDzks “Anyone who just thinks this is just impacting the 12 to 15 million individuals with individual coverage is wrong.” … Grateful today and every day for the soldiers in Virginia and around the world who keep us safe. #ArmyBday … We commend Sens. @timkaine and @MarkWarner for standing with @SenFeinstein to oppose the Trump administration's inhumane practice of family separation. Thank you for cosponsoring the Keep Families Together Act! #EndFamilySeparation … This is a disgrace. … Virginia....we got the Cup!! #ALLCAPSpic.twitter.com/IdmmvI12a7 The DMV Is #ALLCAPSpic.twitter.com/j00Niq57BU This isn’t toughness. This isn’t strength. It’s cruelty, and our country shouldn’t treat anyone this way, whether they’re American or not. … If we’re going to address the mounting changes to the nature of work, we need to invest in human capital. @AspenFutureWork's new proposal to create Lifelong Learning & Training Accounts, which help workers learn new skills, is an important solution. … Robots aren’t going to take all our jobs, but they will change the skills needed to succeed. We need to rethink our education model for a world where people may have to continually learn new skills over the course of their careers. … Update: We achieved our (sorry for this) GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL. … America didn’t become leader of the free world by alienating our allies and cozying up to despots. … Checks and balances. Both parties agree this ZTE deal is a bad deal, and we’re not going to let the Administration sell out our national security without a fight. … Four fallen Americans, whose names we'll never know, were honored today at the CIA. It's a reminder of how many others put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe. … This @Capitals fan is celebrating the  #CapitalsParade from the Capitol and not even @SenSchumer is going to stop me. #ALLCAPSpic.twitter.com/c1SSvNCjyC Diplomacy is the most viable option for pursuing the dismantlement of North Korea’s nuclear program, but whether this will result in a verifiable agreement to dismantle North Korea’s nuclear weapons program...America and the world will wait to find out. It’s clear that Kim Jong-un walked away from Singapore with exactly what he wanted – the pomp, circumstance and prestige of a meeting with the President of the United States – while making no specific commitments in return. We cannot go back to a time when you could be denied coverage or charged extra because of a pre-existing condition. … If Trump can’t negotiate a deal on milk with one of our closest allies, how is he going to get a deal on nuclear disarmament with one of our greatest foes? What was the point of going to the G7, insulting our closest allies, and flying off without a deal? We can't go back to denying people with preexisting conditions access to the care they need. I'm glad @AGMarkHerring is joining other attorneys general to fight for our healthcare. … This is the future that Putin wants. … 'The first few nights, he cried himself to sleep. Then it turned into “just moaning and moaning.”'   #KeepFamiliesTogether … BREAKING: The biggest health care news of the year.  The Trump DOJ tonight just told the courts to dismantle pre-existing conditions protections and other consumer protections.  This may seem predictable, but these actions are unprecedented.  More coming. Follow if interested. Our bipartisan effort to bolster aeronautics research now has a Senate companion bill, thanks to @markwarner & @JerryMoran. Let’s make sure these investments become a reality in our aerospace communities across this nation.  … #NASA ‘Since his arrival in Michigan, family members said, a day has not gone by when the boy has failed to ask in Spanish, “When will I see my papa?”   They tell him the truth. They do not know. No one knows’   #KeepFamiliesTogether … Today's new @bls_gov data reflects ongoing changes to U.S. work arrangements. While #CWSdata shows long term stability in the number of workers in contingent or alternative arrangements for their main job, it doesn't provide info on those who engage to supplement their income. Russia is not our friend. Terrible. More Trump Administration sabotage of the health insurance that millions of families rely on. This time it's going to hit older Americans and folks with pre-existing conditions particularly hard. … We all want the President to succeed in reaching a peace deal, but this is frankly pretty concerning. Any agreement with North Korea must denuclearize the Korean peninsula and be subject to strong Congressional oversight. A deal for a deal’s sake won’t cut it … The #EqualPayAct was passed 55 years ago, but the pay gap still exists. Gender or race should never impact your paycheck. This discrimination hurts women, working families and our economy. That’s why we need to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct to ensure equal pay, no matter what. The American people overwhelmingly oppose the Trump Administration’s plan to repeal #NetNeutrality. It’s been three weeks since the Senate took action. Time for the House to do the same. … Once more, @realDonaldTrump got rolled by China. He’s making us less safe, less secure, less competitive. … This is serious. Americans deserve to know that their private data and our national security are not being compromised through partnerships with Chinese tech companies. … This is a great day for Virginia. Thank you @GovernorVa and to all of the Democrats and Republicans who did the right thing for thousands upon thousands of Virginia families. … So a “compliance team” will somehow turn ZTE from the Chinese intelligence arm it is into a friendly trading partner. … Couldn’t agree more. Quarterly earnings guidance too often creates a focus on short-term profits when companies should be investing in workers and technology for their long-term success. … We discuss. see you at 1 @PowerLunch @MarkWarner … Rule of law? For six years, Ecuador has harbored Julian Assange, a fugitive who’s endangered countless American lives and worked with Russia to interfere in the 2016 election. Why didn’t @VP bring it up? … This idea of “embedding a compliance team” at ZTE is a nice talking point, but unless the Trump Administration plans to open an FBI counter-intel field office inside the company, Beijing is about to get one heck of a deal on a backdoor into US telecom networks. … #TBT: Amid reports that ZTE will pay the United States a $1 billion fine and put $400 million in an escrow account, check out our interview with @MarkWarner sharing his concerns with ZTE.  pic.twitter.com/aZ6xec8iIG I guess this is great for Wall Street, but it does squat for American workers. Another broken promise of the GOP tax bill. … Seriously. Unbelievable. … Instead, the President should focus on building international coalitions to hold bad actors accountable and protect American workers. Look, we should hold China accountable for unfair trade practices, and I support strong rules to protect American workers, but the President shouldn't be relying on an obscure provision intended to uphold national security to impose tariffs on our allies. … Today we honor the brave heroes who fought in #DDay 74 years ago. Those who sacrificed their lives that day were part of a generation of Americans who fought to preserve liberty and freedom across the globe in WWII. We will remain forever in their debt.pic.twitter.com/YEDbUECEKr When women are empowered to contribute, we all benefit. We’re seeing it more and more here in the Senate. And I’m proud to be part of that. Watch highlights from my first Senate floor speech here:pic.twitter.com/2wdl3NjOpj I pushed hard to get this study organized, funded, and asking the right questions. Looking forward to tomorrow’s release of this important research on the #GigEconomy. … The Trump Administration’s sabotage on our health care system is making things worse and raising health care premiums. We should be working together to lower costs and make health care more affordable. … Today is a somber reminder of the incredible bravery of those who landed on the beaches of Normandy and behind enemy lines on #DDay. Our country is forever indebted to the US and allied troops who led the way in liberating Europe from the Nazis. #DDay74 No American town sacrificed more that day, and today Bedford is home to the National D-Day Memorial, commemorating the Bedford Boys and the 10,000+ allied soldiers who gave their lives 74 years ago today.pic.twitter.com/MdIY5uyS44 On #DDay74, I’m thinking about Bedford, Va which sent 34 young Virginians into battle on #DDay. That day, 19 of them died, and four more gave their lives by the end of the Normandy campaign.pic.twitter.com/oV4mrpiPR8 If we can get this bipartisan, job-creating #hemp bill signed into law, it will be a big win for Virginia’s ag industry. … We need answers from Facebook. The whole story, now, not six months from now.  … Huge mistake. ZTE poses a threat to our national security, and that’s not just my opinion. It’s the unanimous conclusion of our intelligence community. … This is immoral:  … Facts matter. … Freedom to Rise: June 5, 1798.  Exactly 220 years ago today, Simon Fairfax was freed from slavery in Virginia.  Today, his great-great-great grandson is Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.  #WeRiseTogether #SpiritualWealth #FreedomToRisepic.twitter.com/RIDzB6eIxw Trump tweeted this morning incorrectly claiming that separating undocumented children from their parents stems from a "law" passed by Democrats. … Why is the President talking about pardoning himself if he has nothing to hide? This is a gut punch to Virginia farmers, who exported more than $68 million in pork to Mexico last year.  The President’s trade war is going to cost Virginia ag jobs. … Here’s an idea: don’t start a trade war with our allies and raise the price of beer: … Remember when we were told the GOP tax cuts were going to the middle class? Remember when we were told companies would invest their tax savings or pass them on to workers? It all rings pretty hollow now. … Let’s just forget the politics for a minute and think about these kids. Whatever you think about our broken immigration system, we should all be able to agree that intentionally separating children from their parents is wrong. … This just isn’t true, but it says a lot about how the President views the powers of his office. The President is in charge of enforcing the law, but that doesn’t mean he’s above it. … I can’t stress this enough. Eliminating the top White House cybersecurity official is a tremendously bad idea. … #NewDems released Closing the Skills and Opportunity Gaps, the first in a series reports focused on expanding opportunities in the changing economy. Senators, think tanks, and organizations have a lot to say about #AFutureThatWorks already:   pic.twitter.com/RIvY3gPU5g The President’s ad hoc use of the pardon power is concerning enough. But the possibility that he may also be sending a message to witnesses in a criminal investigation into his campaign is extremely dangerous. In the United States of America, no one is above the law. This has been nonsense from day one, and I think everyone recognizes that now. Unfortunately, you can’t just undo the damage done by these attacks on federal law enforcement overnight. … If a deal is too good to be true, there may be a reason for it. The President needs to get smart about ZTE before this “deal” does serious damage to our national security. … Are robots going to take all the jobs? No, but automation will mean that learning new skills throughout your career will be a part of life in the future. We should be looking ahead and making sure our tax code, education policy, and worker training programs are ready. … Sen. @MarkWarner: In tech, Chinese companies are operating in a different rule book than us. It is a government that will force companies and censor them. Alibaba, Tencent and others, they are all penetrated deeply by the Chinese government. #CodeConpic.twitter.com/8tLGppotuc I’m thrilled that partisan politics will no longer stand in the way of thousands of Virginia families getting the healthcare they need. … Must-read by my friend @GrantWoods in @USATODAY … Read this. We’ve got Virginians who can’t afford insurance, even though they’ve got a job. We’ve got folks who are too sick to work, for whom #Medicaid expansion is truly a life-or-death issue. It’s time for Virginia to expand Medicaid. … Outdated regulations banning hemp are holding back Virginia farmers, for no good reason. @TimKaine and I are sponsoring legislation to end the federal ban on hemp, and that’ll be good news for the Virginia ag industry. … When criminals pushing synthetic opioids change their formulas, our laws have to keep up. This bipartisan bill will give law enforcement the tools to tackle this piece of the opioid epidemic, and I hope we can get it on the President’s desk ASAP. … Read this. We’ve got Virginians who can’t afford insurance, even though they’ve got a job. We’ve got folks who are too sick to work, for whom #Medicaid expansion is truly a life-or-death issue. It’s time for Virginia to expand Medicaid. … I hope we can all take some time today to remember the servicemembers who have made the ultimate sacrifice, leaving behind Gold Star families for whom this weekend is about much more than BBQs and a day off. We owe the fallen and their families our gratitude and a whole lot more.pic.twitter.com/l4JXvi6rWm Big thanks to .@MarkWarner and @timkaine for their YES vote on #VAMissionAct! The improvement of care, expansion of Caregiver benefits, and other improvements make VA better for veterans. This would be a big mistake. President Trump should listen to the advice of his intelligence leaders, who have unanimously said that ZTE poses a national security threat to the United States. … For the record, the President’s Chief of Staff and his attorney in an ongoing criminal investigation into the President’s campaign have no business showing up to a classified intelligence briefing. Big step in the right direction – and I’m glad Facebook followed through on my recommendations to improve upon earlier proposals. I’ll be pushing other companies to follow suit. But until we pass the #HonestAds Act, there'll still be a patchwork of disclosure across social media.  … If there is a clear and compelling need to brief Congress on sensitive intelligence matters, it should be handled through the Gang of Eight. The Gang of Eight exists in custom and in law to ensure that Congress can oversee intelligence matters without putting sensitive sources and methods at risk. They will also be sending a terrible message to anyone who works in or with our nation’s intelligence community that the White House will always prioritize partisan politics over protecting the people who help keep this country safe. If they insist upon carrying out this farce, the White House and its Republican allies in the House will do permanent, longstanding damage to the practice of bipartisan congressional oversight of intelligence. The White House’s plan to provide a separate briefing for their political allies demonstrates that their interest is not in informing Congress, but in undermining an ongoing criminal investigation. Trump’s health care sabotage surcharge. … Right now, you can still apply to renew your #DACA. If you meet the requirements to apply for DACA renewal, you should apply → … This bill is an important step to getting veterans the healthcare they deserve more quickly and easily by providing them more options.  Now we need to follow through with strong oversight and needed investment in VA staffing and infrastructure. #VAMISSIONAct … CBO: Premiums up 15% next year, largely due to Trump Administration sabotage of the health insurance market. This is hurting families, particularly in Virginia. … The unfortunate consequence of baseless attacks on the men and women who keep us safe. … Take a minute and read the stories of three Virginians whose lives would be changed if they could get the care they need to lead healthy and productive lives—this is why we’re fighting so hard to expand Medicaid in Virginia.  The problem isn’t just that the President is smearing federal law enforcement as the “criminal deep state,” whatever that means. It’s that he’s doing it to undermine an ongoing criminal investigation into his campaign. This is a threat to the rule of law. 20 years ago today, the Senate held its first #cybersecurity hearing w/ members of the L0pht hacker collective. Today, @SenCoryGardner & I brought them back to testify at the Cyberscurity Caucus’ #L0pht20 hearing on what Congress *still* needs to do to improve our cybersecurity. … Wow. The Trump Administration’s sabotage of the healthcare market could cost Virginia families an average of $1,312 in higher premiums. … The idea that this is all some sort of plot to take down the President is completely contradicted by every known fact about this investigation. … Page iipic.twitter.com/0i5oPheE6y .@SecNielsen, you’re our front line of defense against the Russian cyber threat. Please read the ICA report. Its conclusions couldn’t be clearer:  … … We thank Sens. @timkaine and @MarkWarner, as well as Reps @RepMcEachin @BobbyScott @GerryConnolly for speaking out against the Trump administration's effort to gut Title X and put ideology over health care. #NoGagRule … .@MarkWarner to @jaketapper: Illegal to reveal classified FBI source info   #CNNSOTU Sen. @MarkWarner: I have no information that would indicate that @realDonaldTrump’s tweets are based in truth. .@MarkWarner to @jaketapper: "If any individual, elected official or otherwise, knowingly reveals a classified piece of information about an FBI source, you are breaking the law and should be fully prosecuted." #CNNSOTU Anyone who is entrusted with our nation’s highest secrets should act with the gravity and seriousness of purpose that knowledge deserves. It would be at best irresponsible, and at worst potentially illegal, for members of Congress to use their positions to learn the identity of an FBI source for the purpose of undermining the ongoing investigation into Russian interference in our election. Publicly outing a source risks not only their life, but the lives of every American, because when sources are burned it makes it that much harder for every part of the intelligence community to gather intelligence on those who wish to do us harm. The first thing any new member of the Intelligence Committee learns is the critical importance of protecting sources and methods. Everyone needs to pay attention to this. This is not ok. Here's why: … This Sunday @MarkWarner joins @jaketapper on #CNNSOTU.pic.twitter.com/YySIIOitVn SUNDAY: we talk to @MarkWarner  Don't miss the Senate intelligence committee's ranking Democrat, this weekend on @FaceTheNation  pic.twitter.com/OzZO5aqmt4 I want answers about the Trump Administration’s failure to implement sanctions against Russia that Congress passed last year.   These sanctions aren’t optional. They’re the law of the land, and the President is required to follow them. Period. … Had a productive briefing session with the bipartisan U.S. Senate Cybersecurity Caucus this morning on IoT security (chaired by @MarkWarner @CoryGardner - pictured)pic.twitter.com/L3r0zV5CDc We shouldn’t accept a reality where phrases like “another school shooting” are just part of daily life. My heart is with the people of Santa Fe, because these kids and their families are going through hell. But frankly, that doesn’t feel like it’s enough. This has got to stop. This “Domestic Gag Rule” puts government in the way of women’s most personal reproductive health decisions. The President should leave these decisions to women and their doctors. … “I don’t have the foggiest idea" Dem. Sen. @MarkWarner says he's baffled on how GOP @RepChrisStewart could have spent "literally thousands of hours" at the CIA without finding evidence of the Russians trying to help Trump   … That’s not a witch hunt; it’s a career lawman doing his job and doing it well. … Wishing a happy #Ramadan to all those in the Muslim community celebrating across Virginia. Best wishes for this special month. When you tune out the noise, the facts speak for themselves: Mueller is conducting a thorough, professional investigation into Russia’s attack on our democracy, which has resulted in 5 guilty pleas and the indictment of the President’s campaign manager and 13 Russian operatives. .@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, it’s been 50 days since you fired the @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, and still no replacement. Please nominate a qualified candidate ASAP so we can have the stable VA leadership our veterans deserve. Glad @timkaine and @markwarner are pushing for action to address the double-digit health insurance rate increases Virginians are anticipating. We know premiums are 7% lower in states that have already expanded Medicaid, and Virginia should join them. … Applauding my Republican colleagues who are bucking leadership to do the right thing for #DREAMers. We can’t give up on a bipartisan #DACA solution. … Important op-ed from @PattyMurray. We need to keep at it until we have a bipartisan deal to lower families’ health insurance costs. The Trump Administration’s sabotage of the market is not the answer. … I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. This is an incredibly bad idea. … Thanks you Senators @SenatorBurr @MarkWarner for following the facts without prejudice. … BIG: The Senate just passed a bipartisan resolution to block the Trump Administration’s plan to repeal #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/hmCzimQ2Va It feels good to see the Senate Intelligence Committee has repudiated the politicized findings of its House GOP counterpart. But it feels even better to know there's an indispensable Congressional oversight body that can still operate on a bipartisan basis. … Our adversaries are investing heavily in 21st century cyberwarfare capabilities, and if we only view national security through a conventional 20th century lens, we’re going to find ourselves unable to respond to increasingly asymmetric cyber threats down the road. It’s frankly mindboggling that the Trump Administration has eliminated the top White House official responsible for a whole-of-government cyber strategy, at a time when the cyber threat to our nation is greater than ever. … CONFIRMED: After a thorough review, Senate Intel has found no evidence to dispute the intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia, on orders from Putin, carried out an unprecedented election interference effort to help the Trump campaign and hurt the Clinton campaign in 2016. … Today’s the day: the Senate will vote on the repeal of #NetNeutrality. I’m voting to stop the Trump Administration’s #NetNeutrality repeal plan. … Great to hear from Senator @Markwarner about efforts in Congress for national cybersecurity. #abaiot2018. Thank you for speaking to and answering questions from participants. … I’ve been in the technology business longer than I’ve been in politics, and I can tell you the Trump Administration’s plan to repeal #NetNeutrality is bad news for consumers, small businesses, and the entire internet. I’m voting to stop the repeal of Net Neutrality. Joining @GovernorVA and the whole law enforcement community here in Virginia in remembering these fallen officers and commemorating #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay. #PoliceWeek … A Special Thank You to Senator @MarkWarner and Lt. Gov. @FairfaxJustin  for their inspiring messages to the @VSUTrojans 2018 graduating class #VSUGrad2K18 #VSUTransformspic.twitter.com/JRqJgx7P2x Amen. If ZTE is a security threat, then it is a security threat and needs to be dealt with as such — not as a bargaining chip in trade negotiations. … My statement on the nomination of Gina Haspel to be CIA Director:pic.twitter.com/eEgyBXC1tW Here’s the point: we should be investing in our nation’s cyber defense, not rolling it back.  We also need to articulate a clear cyber doctrine. I don’t see how getting rid of the top cyber official in the White House does anything to make our country safer from cyber threats. That’s just a snapshot of the threat we face from state actors. We can’t forget about the threat from non-state cybercriminals. The Administration’s own economists estimate cybercrime cost the U.S. economy between $57-$109 BILLION in 2016 alone. … Not to mention the Russian threat to our state and local election systems — in 2016, Russia targeted at least 18 state election systems, and although no votes were changed, in some cases they were able to access restricted elements of our election systems. … The Russian military has initiated massive cyber attacks against Ukraine and other European nations, which have also impacted U.S. computers … Then there’s China, which we recently learned has been operating a much larger state-sponsored hacking operation than previously known. … And frankly it’s pretty troubling that the same forces in the Administration who aggressively pushed for the U.S. to exit the Iran deal are now seeking to eliminate the exact position that will be tasked with assessing and responding to Iran’s cyber aggression. In the wake of President Trump’s decision to pull out of the Iran Deal, we’re already seeing the makings of an increased cyber threat from Iran. … Just over a year ago, the Wannacry attack hit 230,000+ computers around the world — crippling hospitals, banks, transportation systems, and other important institutions. Our intelligence community concluded North Korea was behind the attack. … We face threats from foreign adversaries and bad actors around the globe, and these threats are only going to get worse. Here are just a few examples of what we’re facing: Mr. President, if you really want to put America first, don’t cut the White House Cybersecurity Coordinator — the only person in the federal government tasked with delivering a coordinated, whole-of-government response to the growing cyber threats facing our nation. … Thanks to @FirstLadyVA, @MarkWarner and @VaPSHS for helping us cut the ribbon on our new HQ building yesterday!pic.twitter.com/PKUQBUABdL Thank you @MarkWarner @timkaine for strengthening housing and infrastructure in Virginia's communities. Nearly $6million in new HUD grant funding for Norfolk announced today! More than $94 million statewide. Congrats to @VaNationalGuard on their 411th birthday and grand opening of their first purpose built headquarters! The facility is #LEED Silver certified located at the Defense Supply Center Richmond.pic.twitter.com/f4mT0LaixE The hooding of Senator @MarkWarner as he receives his honorary doctorate at @VSUTrojans graduation. #VSUGrad2K18pic.twitter.com/Bsrl4HCTAz The Senate Select Committee Intelligence has been investigating Russian interference and potential collusion. "We are still receiving additional documents," Senator @MarkWarner says.  Great catching up with the men and women of the Westmoreland County Sheriff's Department ahead of #PoliceWeek #Policeweek2018pic.twitter.com/P8Pl3KRhQi On the @NewYorkerRadio, Senator @MarkWarner says the Senate Intel Committee continues to get new information in the Russia investigation and reveals true concern about the President's respect for the rule of law: … So glad to hear @MarkWarner give the Commencement Address at my alma mater @williamandmary today. He urged graduates to serve, defend the rule of law, and to call, not text, their Mothers. All good advice. "And, finally, there’s this: never, ever, forget to call your mother." Wise words from #wmgrad speaker @MarkWarner just in time for #mothersday "Second, always remember that, as a nation, we are at our best when we are all active participants in our democracy. Don’t tune out. " @MarkWarner's second piece of advice to #wmGrad #wm2018 Speaker @MarkWarner's three pieces of advice to #wmgrad: "First, don’t spend a lot of time worrying about your failures. I’ve learned a whole lot more from my mistakes than from all of my successes. " AMEN. To all the military spouses in Va, and around the country and the world, thank you. #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay … This just isn’t true. Virginia families just found out they’ll start feeling the effects of the Trump Administration’s sabotage of the ACA in 2019. We don’t need excuses, we need a bipartisan solution to lower premiums. … Thank you Sen @MarkWarner for your leadership on important issues affecting Virginians, especially in solutions to the #opioid crisis like #drugcourts. @VADrugCourts #DrugCourtMonth … During public service recognition week, the #FBI recognizes all of the government employees across the country - thank you for all that you do. #PSRWpic.twitter.com/FZ86bOE7yi It was very exciting to talk to Senator Mark Warner @MarkWarner today at a  VA STAR event at Forest Park HS and tell him how his campaign promise kept 18 years ago changed my life—typing teacher to college professor #vastar #bhsbestclub #thatsmysenator #fangirlmomentpic.twitter.com/1CodF8JXEG The folks at @FASWVA are doing the Lord’s work, making sure families in #SWVA facing tough times can still put food on the table. We talked this week about making sure that, as Congress works on the 2018 Farm Bill, we don’t forget about Va families facing food insecurity.pic.twitter.com/pOIkonL4xt Senator Mark Warner to speak at RCC’s 46th Commencement  pic.twitter.com/PJl7oZfs7m Make no mistake, these price increases are a consequence of the Trump Administration’s efforts to sabotage the health insurance market & dismantle the ACA. The right thing to do here is pass bipartisan legislation to stabilize the market & provide affordable options for 2019. … This is how you develop an economy. Build private-public endeavors that test and fuel possibilities. In this case, #drones in #Virginia. Thanking @JJackKennedyJr, Senator @MarkWarner, @virginia_tech, companies. … Bombarding the Justice Department with document requests simply to create a pretext for firing or impeaching our nation’s senior law enforcement officials is a blatant abuse of power that should concern everyone who believes in the rule of law, Republican and Democrat alike. We like to say thanks when elected officials do things that help veterans. Today, we thank @MarkWarner & @timkaine for securing $61 million for new state veteran homes in Vint Hills and Virginia Beach. Great job! … The Senate Intel Committee's confirmation hearing of Gina Haspel for CIA Director will begin at 9:30 AM. Watch live: … The Senate Intel report is bipartisan, responsible, and illuminating. Russia tried to hack our voting booths, but likely did not succeed.   @MarkWarner @SenatorBurr thank you. now get back to work. Senator @MarkWarner, @SenatorCollins, Senator @MartinHeinrich, @SenatorLankford, and I released the following statement on the summary of our findings and recommendations:pic.twitter.com/RgcIGzPDri Today, the Senate Intelligence Committee released our unclassified summary of the 1st installment of our Russia Report, including updated recommendations on election security and findings regarding Russian targeting of election infrastructure-Find it here:  … Today on #TeacherAppreciationDay, I just want to say thank you to all the teachers across the Commonwealth who’ve devoted their careers to educating Virginia’s kids. We don’t say that often enough. Withdrawing from the Iran deal makes the United States, and the world, less secure. Glad to see Facebook introducing transparency requirements for issue ads, a measure I proposed last year along with @AmyKlobuchar & @SenJohnMcCain. We need to pass our #HonestAds Act so that other platforms play by the same rules, just like broadcast, cable & satellite providers. … Going back on a deal is bad.  Going back on a deal in order to cut billions from children’s health insurance is worse. … This kind of thing should worry all of us, Republican and Democrat alike. I am honestly concerned that the President and his allies are doing lasting damage to the FBI and the rule of law in this country. … Sen @MarkWarner  on the death of @virginia_tech President Emeritus Charles Steger: "I was proud to call him my friend, and I have incredibly fond memories of our fight together to get Tech into @theACC" This is a consequence of years of underinvestment in Metro, and Virginia commuters — who have already sacrificed a lot — have a right to be frustrated. I intend to press WMATA to make sure that this will yield real long-term results, with the least disruption possible. … Today and every day, I’m grateful for the men and women of the FBI who’ve come through Quantico on their way to a career of service to our country. … I know that Dr. Steger will be missed by the whole Tech family. I’ve known Dr. Steger for more than 30 years & I always knew him not only as an advocate for @virginia_tech, but for educational opportunity for all Virginians. I was proud to call him my friend, and I have incredibly fond memories of our fight together to get Tech into the ACC. … Great having @MarkWarner in the restaurant tonight!pic.twitter.com/KFRvlWwUwW Great conversation about economic development in Southwest Virginia with @MarkWarner #strongertogetherpic.twitter.com/ttEs5Jin7n Congratulations @UVa_Wise class of 2018!pic.twitter.com/JdS7nBHYks Senator Mark Warner discussing sensor technology with Wise county students today in Wise!          #thinsatpic.twitter.com/II7UPDJozU Economic round table with US Senator Mark Warner  … via @heraldcourier Members of the Class of 2018 of Jefferson College of Health Sciences  took part in graduation exercises held at The Berglund Center on Friday,  May 04, 2018. United States Sen. Mark Warner was the commencement  speaker.  Photos by David Hungate for JCHS.  …pic.twitter.com/On5vhA2Wqf Back with my friends from @MineWorkers in #SWVA, one year to the day since we passed legislation to #KeepThePromise to our miners and protect their healthcare.pic.twitter.com/Lsiju98RLk Congratulations @JCHSRoanokeVA class of 2018!pic.twitter.com/dKOIMJ0BVa The FAA is about to announce which localities won special designation that allows drone experiments otherwise banned (package delivery, over crowds, long distances...). Sen. @MarkWarner has been petitioning to get Virginia on the list … VA Senator Mark Warner speaks during regional economic development round table Friday afternoon in Abingdon.pic.twitter.com/BkMilTpsof Large focus on technology in the discussion, from the region's broadband capabilities to STEM education to entrepreneur opportunities. “Drones and driverless vehicles are going to be bigger than cell phones," @MarkWarner said. Thank you @MarkWarner for visiting with us in #SWVA today to learn more about @unitedwayswva efforts in partnership with public schools to create the best workforce of tomorrow. #OperationTomorrowsWorkforce … Thank you to @BullnBones Brewhaus and Grill for hosting our Community Leaders Happy Hour in Blacksburg. #SmallBusinessWeekpic.twitter.com/ILvafHgs6A It was really humbling to join the first responders from Smyth County to commemorate #InternationalFirefightersDay in Marion.pic.twitter.com/xcgF8u7xga Joe was absolutely relentless in the fight to save our miner's healthcare last year, and I was proud to stand with him in that effort. … Excited to discuss Economic Development with @MarkWarner and  #SWVA leaders. K-12 Education is an important component to attracting new employers, supporting existing businesses, and preventing “brain drain”. Enhanced #CTE and 21st century facilities are a must.pic.twitter.com/7iPnw2hMix – bei Washinton County Government Center Estoy decepcionado y se me parte el corazón al ver que la Administración del Presidente Trump ha terminado arbitrariamente la designación “TPS” que protege a miles de inmigrantes hondureños. Disappointed and heartbroken that the Trump Administration has arbitrarily ended the TPS designation that protects thousands of Hondurans. U.S. Sen. Mark Warner spoke on agriculture during an hour-long agribusiness roundtable Thursday at Blue Ridge Community College. … Senator Mark Warner is delivering the commencement speech at Jefferson College of Health Sciences graduation ceremony @ABC13Newspic.twitter.com/P06tLDOu8j We were so honored to welcome Senator @MarkWarner to our office yesterday when he toured the @stauntonhub. Program Specialist Deb Seif and Programs & Giving Manager Ellie Bessette spoke with him about @LGBTTech and @PowerOnLGBT. #lgbttech #poweron … This morning @MarkWarner is speaking at Experience, the annual young professionals event in #rke, on entrepreneurship. #xpyppic.twitter.com/nVb6ZEo3gV Exciting stuff happening at @StauntonHub, an innovative coworking space for entrepreneurs in the Shenandoah Valley.  Great meeting with local entrepreneurs and Mayor Dull. Can’t wait to see what comes next from this project.pic.twitter.com/zZ1Kq9637u Great to have @MarkWarner in Blacksburg at the @RBTechCouncil #TechNite2018 and a special shout-out to retiring @mcps_va CTE teacher Rick Weaver for winning STEM-H Teacher of the Year! The Roanoke and New River Valleys are poised to be the Silicon Valley of the East! #RBTCpic.twitter.com/tDum9pfcNP There’s no reason you should have to leave your hometown to find a good-paying, high-tech job. With all of the talent and innovation that’s fueling SWVA’s tech scene, that’s never been truer. Thank you @RBTechCouncil for inviting me to join you for #TechNite2018pic.twitter.com/rEO8xJrsnz At a Valley Agribusiness Roundtable today, @MarkWarner met with local industry leaders at @BRCCVirginia.pic.twitter.com/1FMEVWfzgb Great to see @MarkWarner stop by our faculty and staff gathering tonight!pic.twitter.com/SxyhHwoIyy Looking forward to the @RBTechCouncil’s 2018 Annual Awards Gala tonight with Senator @MarkWarnerVA!pic.twitter.com/jhr879SPns Good times at the 73rd Annual Augusta County @4H and @NationalFFA Market Animal Show in Fishersville. This is the largest event of its kind of the East Coast, and it was great to meet the students who put it on.pic.twitter.com/qPH4R8EjK9 Sen. @MarkWarner, @RepMcNerney and @RepRobinKelly among speakers at @ABASciTech #InternetOfThings National Institute May 9-10 in Washington, DC:    President Abbas’ attempt to perpetuate the anti-Semitic myths behind the Holocaust is disturbing and dangerous. Leaders who believe in the prospect of peace don’t whitewash history, they learn from it. … Incredibly proud of all that Brooke has accomplished. She’s going to make a fine midshipman, and I’m honored to have recommended her to the @NavalAcademy. … This must-read study illuminates the need for the #HonestAds Act, which would help close the digital loopholes that allow foreign interference in U.S. elections  …pic.twitter.com/jqZS9NqlXr When you've got 700,000 people waiting to get their clearances processed, often unnecessarily, government isn't working efficiently, Virginia businesses lose money, and frankly it's bad for national security. We've got to get this done soon. … He's sure right about overclassification.   …pic.twitter.com/wFICJmDNjj And if you’re still looking for something to do on a slow news day, you can check out my entire interview on @YahooNews Skullduggery Podcast: … If anyone wants to hear my whole answer, complete with context and some immediate, tough follow-up questions from @Issikoff and @DKlaidman, it’s right here: … Marvel: “Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history”   @RTDNews Editorial Board:pic.twitter.com/5DNhCI4dxu Proud to have helped secure this funding with @TimKaine to improve veterans’ long-term care needs in Virginia Beach. We'll continue to do all we can in the Senate to support Virginia's veterans. They deserve it. … Heard from national security and cybersecurity professionals in Fredericksburg. I think we all agree our security clearance system is completely, completely broken. I'm working on legislation that will finally fix this. …  … If the Administration wants to get serious about fixing the backlog — and I hope they will — they should get behind my bipartisan bill, which would fund maintainence for Appamattox, the Blue Ridge Parkway, and other parks & other NPS assets in Va using existing federal revenue: I appreciate Secretary Zinke's interest in dealing with the massive national parks maintainence backlog. BUT the Administration's proposal (which seems based on my bill) really isn't a sustainable solution. … Thank you for a great meeting and discussion about 21st-century workers and economic opportunity provided by home sharing … A number of people have raised legitimate questions about Gina Haspel’s nomination to be CIA Director that deserve thorough answers. I think the more transparency we have here, the better. @timkaine and @MarkWarner: Thank you for taking a stand against the #opioidcrisis in Virginia by signing on to a bipartisan support letter for drug courts and veterans treatment courts! Proud of my colleagues from both parties who stepped up to pass this important bill. Now it’s time for the full Senate to do its job and vote on this legislation to #ProtectMueller. Leadership should not stand in the way. … I was honored to be one of the women elected officials invited to meet with @MarkWarner and @TimKaine this morning. Many thanks to our Senators for supporting women in public office.pic.twitter.com/HN1p9q8f19 Not a lot of people are talking about this, but it’s important. Independent/freelance/#GigEconomy workers are a growing part of our economy, and we need to update our social safety net to address the changing nature of work. … For National Parks Week, we take this time to bring attention to the $1 billion in deferred maintenance Virginia’s Parks face. Parks help preserve our natural resources & we thank @MarkWarner for sponsoring the Legacy Act to help fix maintenance backlogs #fixourparks #npweek Great bipartisan meeting today on the future of work with @Airbnb CEO @Bchesky, @JeffFlake, @AmyKlobuchar, @SenBennetCO, and @BenSasse.pic.twitter.com/7tAMk9jKJO Para muchos beneficiarios de TPS, la eliminación de la designación podría significar vida o muerte en regresar a sus países natales. Yo y @timkaine le pedimos a la administración que prolonguen este programa que protege a miles de hondureños. For many TPS recipients, the elimination of the program could mean life or death if they return to their country of origin. Today @TimKaine and I urged the Administration to extend the TPS designation that protects thousands of Hondurans. … I’ve heard it over and over again when I hold town halls in rural communities: the lack of consistent broadband coverage is a major issue for folks from the Eastern Shore to Southwest Virginia. Partnerships like this are an important part of the solution. … The President should continue to engage in the important diplomatic work we witnessed this week. We’ve been told that “America first is not America alone.” I hope President Trump will do what it takes to live up to that mission. This week’s visit from President Macron also highlights the importance of our alliances with countries who share our values. It’s a reminder that building, strengthening, and preserving these alliances takes work. The truth is, there are people who want to use technology to drive us apart. We must resist this. And it means all of us, as consumers of information, must treat the information we see on the internet and social media with a healthy dose of skepticism. It also means tech companies need to embrace their civic responsibility as American companies and tackle these challenges head-on. That means working with France and our other Western allies to confront Russian cyber aggression. This, by the way, will require the President to recognize Russia’s attack against us in the 2016 election and lead a government-wide response to this ongoing threat. It’s on all of us, from the US and our allies to tech companies and consumers, to work together and make sure the internet continues to be a force for good, not a safe harbor for our adversaries and other bad actors. Appreciate President @EmmanuelMacron calling attention to the “virus of fake news” and other challenges facing Western democracies in the digital age. … There’s a reason Abraham Lincoln called the USDA “The People’s Department.” Today, we need to double down on that commitment to rural communities across the country. Our bill would underscore that part of USDA’s mission is increasing economic opportunity in rural America. … To address shifts in the work force, U.S. Senator Mark Warner proposed a “portable benefits” system. Here’s what he suggests:  pic.twitter.com/jKtijZnEEr omg Mark Warner … MRW: A wonk till the bitter end. … Alright folks, who’s ready for [drumroll please]...    A 13-tweet thread about fixing the #NationalParks maintenance backlog    Form an orderly queue, and if you make it to tweet #13, enjoy the pictures of Virginia’s magnificent national parks. #NationalParksWeek … In conclusion, and since you’ve read through 12 tweets about revenue streams for deferred park maintenance, here are some photos of some of Virginia’s magnificent #NationalParks. Thanks for reading. #NationalParksWeekpic.twitter.com/WZhj4rWtEb I hope the Administration will take another look at my bill with @SenRobPortman, the National Park Service Legacy Act, because it really begins to solve this $11.6 billion problem. The point here is we need a bipartisan solution that doesn’t just put a band-aid on the problem. If we want to preserve the beauty and history of our national parks for future generations, we need to work together to fully fund the National Park Service’s maintenance backlog. That doesn't mean new taxes or new drilling, just spending our money more wisely and solving the problem. I introduced a bill last year with @SenRobPortman that has a straightforward solution: use existing money already collected by the federal government from oil and natural gas revenues to fix our parks. Here’s a better idea: tl;dr – Tying funding for national parks maintenance to unrealistic projections about the price of oil doesn’t solve much of anything in the long run. Frankly, it puts us right back where we started. The Administration has started to come around to the idea of using existing revenue to fix this problem. Unfortunately, they’ve landed on an idea, supported by some Democrats, that isn’t sustainable in the long term. … First, the Trump Administration proposed hiking fees on our national parks, sticking families with the costs of Congress’ mismanagement. No one liked that idea, prompting the #HikeTrailsNotFees backlash and forcing the administration to reconsider its position. Most people agree that something must be done to address our national parks maintenance backlog. The problem, as usual, is how you pay for it. Virginia ranks 5th in terms of states with the greatest need for maintenance. Over $800 million in deferred maintenance has left Shenandoah, Jamestown, Fredericksburg, the Blue Ridge Parkway, and other national parks in need of significant repairs. Unfortunately, years of underfunding has produced a massive $11.6 billion (with a B) maintenance backlog at our national parks. Many are in a critical state of disrepair.pic.twitter.com/FDguODrCgN From Yellowstone to Joshua Tree, Everglades to Shenandoah here in Virginia, our #NationaParks are a treasured part of America’s natural history and heritage. #NationalParksWeekpic.twitter.com/67qG0TAcFH Good news here for students @ODU studying cyber-security, a hugely important (and growing) sector:   @WTKR3 In a time where it seems impossible for Democrats and Republicans to agree on anything, bipartisan momentum is gaining for the #HonestAds Act. The act is the best 1st step to safeguard US elections from foreign interference. Congress needs to take action  …pic.twitter.com/rl1EJ6JOKz I’ve been saying for years that Yahoo’s failure to notify customers and investors about its massive data breach didn’t pass the smell test. Holding the company accountable is important, and I hope others will learn you can’t sweep this kind of thing under the rug. … Virginia Senators @MarkWarner & @timkaine are raising concerns about how drilling off the coast of Virginia could impact military activity in Hampton Roads. @ToddCorillo reports the latest.  pic.twitter.com/zLgAlSdgxo The Administration’s effort to expand #JunkPlans will mean higher healthcare costs and worse coverage, especially for folks with pre-existing conditions. Both parties need to work together to lower healthcare costs, but this isn’t the way to do it. … Outrageous. … Congress needs to get serious about #cybersecurity, particularly the threats posed by unsecured internet-connected devices. Encouraged to see tech companies stepping up, but we’ve all got to work together to get ahead of the curve on #IoTSecurity. … “Within a decade, our debt-to-GDP ratio will be at its highest level since 1946…Today, with unemployment at an 18-year low and the country enjoying one of the longest recoveries on record, it is difficult to explain why we’ve spilled so much red ink.” … Had the privilege of meeting Chief Rader earlier this year. She’s making a big difference fighting the opioid epidemic in Huntington, #WV. Read @Sen_JoeManchin’s profile of @BlazinWV for #Time100 … Watch LIVE now as @MarkWarner begins his keynote speech on technological disruption, globalization, and how governments should respond … Watch the livestream now: "Economic Impacts of Globalization and Technological Disruption" with @SusanLund_DC @MarkWarner @CSIS @RTI_INTL_DEV @AspenInstitute @Kristian_Jensen  Great meeting Roark Corson of Virginia Beach, @Op_Homefront’s 2018 @USCG Military Child of the Year. With some good timing, he got to meet @SecNav76 on his way out of our meeting.pic.twitter.com/8enhtYIUo1 If you're in DC, join us tomorrow for a discussion on technological disruption, globalization, and how governments should respond, with a keynote from @MarkWarner … "I didn't know" Rudy Giuliani — the new member of the legal team defending President Trump in the special counsel's Russia probe — had been actively practicing law, @MarkWarner tells @JudyWoodruff.pic.twitter.com/4M8FnDU5oD “To millions, the Special Counsel is either a political savior or berserk villain. He is neither. He’s a by-the-book lawman who, with nothing to prove & a lifetime of service behind him, agreed to lead the most fraught, least understood, highest-stakes investigation of our time.” … Join us tomorrow at 9:00 AM for an event on technological disruption, globalization, and how governments should respond, including a keynote speech from @MarkWarner and an expert panel … More Capitol Hill visits for our 2018 Military Child of the Year® Award recipients, including this one with Senator @MarkWarner and Roark Corson, our MCOY for the @uscoastguard #Virginia #757pic.twitter.com/UMA98xYBmR .@EPA Administrator Pruitt has wasted taxpayer money and abused the powers of his office, ignoring all sorts of lobbying and ethics rules along the way. The American people deserve better from their government. It’s time for Mr. Pruitt to resign. Accurate and troubling: “President Trump and Congress have not only massively expanded the U.S. government’s debt, they have broken free of multiple guardrails intended to keep budgets balanced…” … Joining millions of Americans tonight in mourning the loss of Barbara Bush, wife and mother of presidents and a woman of extraordinary strength and character. I have especially fond memories of a visit she made to Richmond when I was Governor. Mrs. Bush will be deeply missed. The exact opposite of what the GOP promised the American people about their tax bill. #TaxDay … NEWS: 38 Senators have signed a letter urging the Committee on Appropriations to increase funding for #Alzheimers disease in 2019. Thanks to @MarkWarner @SenatorCollins @SenMarkey and your colleagues!pic.twitter.com/BXukqyzAKP Still true. And it’s going to get even more complicated next year under the Republican tax bill. #TaxDay … That DOJ alumni letter standing by Rosenstein and Mueller now has more than 525 signatories, from veterans of GOP and Dem administrations. … Learn more about the Internet of Things (IoT) Cybersecurity Improvement Act: … This kind of thing can happen to anyone with unsecured #IoT devices, including the federal government. Right now, the federal government doesn’t even have a minimum security standard for these kinds of internet-connected devices. My bill would change that.  … I’ll venture a guess here: it’s because the Republican tax cuts are overwhelmingly going to shareholders, not workers. #TaxDay … If Congressional Republicans had gotten this right, it would be the other way around. #TaxDay … .@MarkWarner on @uw_sjmc Professor Young Mie's study. Read more about her work here:  … … #HonestAds Act … Glad to hear @SenJohnMcCain is stable and recovering. Keep John and the whole McCain family in your prayers. … New report from @Engage_Cuba spotlights the growing influence of foreign U.S. adversaries in #Cuba, who are taking advantage of the vacuum created by the Trump Administration’s backtracking on normalized relations: … Wow. This study is a bombshell. Congress needs to pass the #HonestAds Act so we can start to get a handle on this. … I want to congratulate @RyanMKellyPhoto on winning a Pulitzer Prize for his incredible photos of a dark day for the Commonwealth. These images are part of history now, and it’s my hope that they’ll help us learn from it. … It's been 11 years since 32 people tragically lost their lives to gun violence at Virginia Tech. At the time, it was the deadliest shooting by a single gunman in U.S. history (unfortunately, that record has been surpassed).   Today, we remember. #VTWeRememberpic.twitter.com/NY2SwQIPC1 There's been some good progress at the VA, but there's a lot more Congress and the Administration can do to make sure we're giving veterans the best care possible. We can't lose sight of that or who it is we're serving. Malik was injured serving in the Navy, and when he lost the use of one of his hands, that also meant he couldn't play pool anymore. Now he has a pool cue that lets him shoot one-handed while he recovers, with a device 3D-printed at McGuire.pic.twitter.com/00sQiVEl99 Josh is a Marine who lost the use of his arms and legs when he was injured, but when I saw him, he was walking on his own two feet, thanks to a robotic exoskeleton and his own perseverance. I've never seen anything like it.pic.twitter.com/UIS6k7nP7b Really humbling to visit the McGuire VA in Richmond. The veterans I met while I was there deserve the absolute best care, and I was encouraged to meet the doctors and other providers who are taking care of them. A couple stories worth sharing: Liviu Librescu survived the Holocaust as a young boy.   Decades later, he lost his life to senseless gun violence as a professor at Virginia Tech.   Sen. Tim Kaine is telling his story through tears because it must be told.pic.twitter.com/NphYeh0mUS The President’s reluctance to stand up to Putin is just baffling. … It’s been 11 years since the Virginia Tech tragedy that claimed the lives of 32 Hokies. We can’t forget those we lost or stop working towards a world where these shootings are a thing of the past.  #VTWeRemember … Thank you to Sen. @MarkWarner  for visiting our @UVALinkLab, learning how @UVA researchers are securing the cyber future. @chbensonUVa @uvavpr @GovernorVA @CS_UVApic.twitter.com/o04ak8RFhH My statement on the Missile Strikes In Syria:pic.twitter.com/8IahHA3rLg President Trump's blatant efforts to undermine our law enforcement agencies and the independence of the Special Counsel should trouble us all. Congress and the American people must hold him accountable for any attempt to interfere in this investigation. Great to start the morning out at Charlottesville's #TomTomFest and celebrate Virginia's thriving entrepreneur community.pic.twitter.com/kcvO9EnqVp We sat down with @MarkWarner and he gave quite a warning, "Silicon Valley needs to work with Congress more, or it could get bad."pic.twitter.com/VFTCRLesoX Sen. Warner’s dire warning for Trump: ‘No one is above the law, including the president … the Mueller investigation needs to be independent.’pic.twitter.com/epVDFnF1lb Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. Today on Yom HaShoah, this should be a wake-up call. We must remember the unspeakable tragedy of the Holocaust, not only to commemorate those who were murdered but also to ensure these atrocities are never repeated. … VIDEO: Mulvaney was rightly taken to task by Sen. @MarkWarner for failing to use the power of the @CFPB to hold #Equifax accountable and do right by consumers. #ProtectConsumers #VApol #VAsenatepic.twitter.com/LTbbGemIve Congress and the $1 trillion deficit: Time to be straight with the American people @MarkWarner  Thank you @MarkWarner for meeting with @NDSSpic.twitter.com/GeT5EpFRdk – bei Hart Senate Building The White House and allies are trying to "impugn the integrity" of the FBI and DOJ - Sen @MarkWarner   "That's not the way our country operates"pic.twitter.com/4qSBjebIVY AMEN. We can’t abandon #DACA recipients. The President created this crisis, but we all have a responsibility to fix it. … This is a very, very bad idea. If ever there were a time to shore up our nation’s balance sheet, it’s now. … Congress should pass this bipartisan bill to #ProtectMueller ASAP … Why America’s return to $1 trillion deficits is a big problem for you … Sen. @MarkWarner (D-Va.) on #Mueller:   "If Trump tries to fire Mueller, it's the beginning of the end of his presidency... The irony being that the individuals leading this investigation -- they are all lifelong Republicans." @business @bloombergTV @tictocpic.twitter.com/raEJqMhmZr In plain English, this means the Republican tax bill encourages companies to outsource. That’s one heck of a mistake. … Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by Putin’s decisions to attack our democracy, invade Ukraine, support Assad, and undermine America’s allies. … It’s (way past) time for Congress to be straight with the American people. … Sen. @MarkWarner to @ChrisLHayes: "I know a lot of my Republican colleagues have privately expressed real concern and consternation. My hope is that for the sake of this country, that someone will rein this president back in..." With respect to my Republican colleagues, we're past the point of pretending this isn't happening. It's happening, and it's time to speak up. #ProtectMueller … 