Republican leaders need to:  Listen to those coming forward to share their experiences. Investigate their allegations and the inconsistencies in Judge Kavanaugh’s statements  End this rush Do this right  Women & men are paying attention—they are not going to forget.pic.twitter.com/cBOn9UIuEE .@JudiciaryDems are standing united to call on @realDonaldTrump to reopen the FBI background investigation into Brett Kavanaugh or withdraw his nomination.pic.twitter.com/i5b9JGEO6Y A third woman has come forward with a credible account of sexual misconduct by Brett Kavanaugh. The FBI must investigate this and all other reports. Time for @realDonaldTrump to withdraw this nomination. Proud to stand with activists in the Capitol and across the country today to say together that we #BelieveSurvivors.pic.twitter.com/EY5BTz77uF Earlier this year, #AAPI advocates told me that in fear of a public charge rule, immigrants were withdrawing domestic violence cases and going without necessary health care. This is another outrageous effort in the Trump administration’s all-out assault against immigrants. … These are the 11 Republican men led by @ChuckGrassley who won't even give Dr. Blasey Ford another 24 hours. What are they afraid of?pic.twitter.com/Na0dvCZJ2m Chairman Grassley is now threatening to hold a vote on Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination on Monday unless Dr. Blasey Ford gives in to his demands. The 11 Republican men on the committee are treating this like a hostage situation. They just don’t get it. Republicans fear how they'd look questioning Dr. Blasey Ford themselves, so now they're looking for a female lawyer to hide behind. Shame. … "Mr. Kavanaugh’s appointment could also jeopardize the Indian Child Welfare Act, Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and other laws that enable tribal self-determination due to his overly narrow view of the relationship between federal and tribal governments." #StopKavanaugh … .@HoltonArms alumna Alexis Goldstein said it best. "Don't mess with Dr. Christine Blasey Ford. Don't mess with the alumnae of the Holton-Arms School. But most importantly, don't mess with survivors."pic.twitter.com/vfLJWcYNvs Today, @SenGillibrand and I accepted a letter signed by over 1,000 alumnae of @HoltonArms in support of and in solidarity with Dr. Christine Blasey Ford. I will enter it into the Committee record to show that we are standing together because we #BelieveWomen.pic.twitter.com/P11sLAqoDY Senator Hirono on death threats and intimidation of Dr. Ford: "That sounds like witness tampering to me."pic.twitter.com/qRnUVSs6TF The entire array of the White House's power is behind Judge Kavanaugh. It not only places Dr. Blasey Ford at a disadvantage, it victimizes her. No survivor of sexual assault should be subjected to death threats and concern about the safety of their family. … We will not stand for the continued victimization and smearing of Dr. Blasey Ford. All of us must work to end this kind of treatment of survivors who bravely share their experiences.pic.twitter.com/kgJtRUK0Hq "I just want to say to the men of this country just shut up and step up. Do the right thing for a change," Senator Mazie Hirono (D-HI) slams treatment of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's accuser.pic.twitter.com/ApVKqAc5xz Senate Democrats, led by Senator @PattyMurray, call for a non-partisan FBI investigation into Dr. Blasey Ford’s serious, credible allegations against Judge Kavanaugh and for additional voices to be heard at any hearing. … .@maziehirono: FBI should investigate Kavanaugh allegations   #inners The Hawaii Congressional Delegation urged @USDA to provide direct assistance to Hawaii farmers affected by recent natural disasters. Our producers desperately need the maximum assistance practicable to get back on their feet.pic.twitter.com/cOA2oGheHU This development is yet another reason not to rush Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination. The Committee should postpone this week’s vote. As I said during the hearing, this is why the #MeToo movement is so important, because often in these situations, there is an environment where people see nothing, hear nothing, and say nothing. That is what we have to change. It took a lot of courage for Christine Blasey Ford to come forward to share her story of sexual assault by Brett Kavanaugh. Her story is very credible and I believe her. From @oha_hawaii: Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated a low level of knowledge about the history of Native Hawaiians & their pre-existing sovereignty well before western contact. His nomination is alarming to all American Indians, Alaskan Natives & Native Hawaiians. #StopKavanaugh … The American people deserve to know the full extent of Brett Kavanaugh's lies regarding indigenous communities. That's why I made a motion to subpoena any additional records relating to his work on Native Hawaiians, Native Americans, and Alaska Natives. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/Y3zxONqMam Mahalo to @NCAI1944 for your advocacy on behalf of native communities. We will continue to stand together against divide and conquer tactics targeting Native Hawaiians, Alaska Natives, and Native Americans.pic.twitter.com/7s8FjLmGS3 Tropical Storm Olivia remains on a path towards Maui County, although a slower, weaker one than was expected late Tuesday. Despite weakening Olivia is still threatening to cause hazardous conditions on Maui, Molokai and Lanai in the form of tropical...   We continue to find more evidence that Judge Kavanaugh misled me and the Judiciary Committee under oath. I’m posting important documents that Senate Republicans didn’t want the American people to see. We deserve transparency about this nominee. 17 years ago, our nation stood stunned as we learned about the September 11 attacks. Today, we again stand together, in memory of the thousands who were killed, and in gratitude for the heroism of first responders and ordinary Americans who showed extraordinary bravery. RT @nwscharlestonsc: You're probably hearing a lot about "the cone". So what does that really mean? Check out this graphic about understanding the forecast cone. Remember, impacts can occur well away from the center of the storm! #scwx #gawxpic.twitter.com/rzlLlCkAJc 11am Update: #Olivia continues to slowly move westward toward the state. A WSW turn is anticipated later today continuing into Tuesday. While some gradual weakening is still in the forecast, Olivia will likely be a strong tropical storm as it approaches Hawaii #hiwxpic.twitter.com/sFOFkaQ1d0 The Supreme Court's decision in Janus v. AFSCME completed a decades-long assault on protections that workers around the country depended on for fair salaries and basic rights. The same groups who are behind cases like Janus put Brett Kavanaugh on their SCOTUS short list.pic.twitter.com/0btHhPcebw .@WillieGeist: "Was that your Spartacus moment, senator?"  Sen. @maziehirono: "I used the document that was relevant to the questions that I had regarding Judge Kavanaugh's attitude towards Native Hawaiians. So I just used it."  Today, I asked Liz Weintraub about the dangers Judge Kavanaugh poses to the civil rights of Americans living with disabilities. Liz's point is absolutely correct-- we should all have the right to make decisions about our own bodies. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/SBb9AAmbSv Judge Kavanaugh's results-oriented judging in Garza v. Hargan and Priests for Life ignore the commonsense meaning of burden and defy logic in order to achieve his partisan goal—denying women their right to reproductive freedom. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/21szg1vSAf .@maziehirono asked Judge Kavanaugh if enough people printed 3-D guns, they would be “widely owned” and therefore could not be banned under his understanding of the Constitution. He refused to answer.pic.twitter.com/pw1eEs52eR The NRA is spending $1 million to run ads in favor of Judge Kavnaugh's confirmation. They wouldn't spend this kind of money unless they thought Judge Kavanaugh was on their side. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/9q8G5c4lHc Last night, Judge Kavanaugh once again misstated the facts on Rice v Cayetano and the rights of Native Hawaiians. It's disturbing that any judge, much less a nominee to the Supreme Court, would manipulate the facts to reach his own political conclusions.pic.twitter.com/IAAeNamreS We're back for another day of questioning Judge Kavanaugh. Watch live here:  . These are the docs Rs don't want you to see—because they show that Judge Kavanaugh wrongly believes that Native Hawaiian programs are Constitutionally questionable. I defy anyone reading this to be able to conclude that it should be deemed confidential in any way, shape, or form.pic.twitter.com/yj31vDNGia Yesterday, I referred to a "Committee confidential" document where Judge Kavanaugh questioned the validity of programs that benefit Native Hawaiian programs, and by extension, Alaska Natives. If you're coming after @SenBooker for releasing these documents, count me in.pic.twitter.com/3SezHKRMft Here are Judge Kavanaugh's own words on Native Hawaiians. In Rice v. Cayetano, he drew conclusions based on these factually wrong and incredibly offensive claims. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/jiWY9pEZwk .@maziehirono pushes back on Judge Kavanaugh’s claim that he’s a “pro-law judge,” noting his colleagues “so often" "point out he’s not following the law or relevant Supreme Court cases.”pic.twitter.com/MhZU7UDHlN Judge Kavanaugh continued to evade answers on whether or not women have a fundamental, Constitutionally-protected right to an abortion. But his extreme dissent in Garza v. Hargan tells us all we need to know. He would be the key vote on weakening or overturning Roe #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/nwl8pAG4Ei In 1999, Judge Kavanaugh wrote an op-ed and amicus brief that disparaged the Native Hawaiian community. He wrongly asserts that Native Hawaiians are not an indigenous community. I won't let that stand. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/6sc0vNRyNu Last December, 15 brave women came forward and shared their stories of sexual assault and harassment by Alex Kozinski, a mentor of Judge Kavanaugh's. Judge Kozinski's behavior was an open secret, yet Judge Kavanaugh said he saw nothing, heard nothing, and obviously, said nothing.pic.twitter.com/jdzIQ69bev Watch live as I question Judge Brett Kavanaugh:   THREAD: Between 2001 and 2003, Republican Senate staffers hacked into and stole 4,670 files on controversial Bush judicial nominees from 6 Democrats, including me. This scandal amounted to a digital Watergate, not unlike Russia’s hacking of the DNC. .@fred_guttenberg It was an honor to meet you today. I’m sorry Judge Kavanaugh can’t say the same. Ultra-right-wing forces have been working for decades to prepare for this moment because they know that a single vote from one justice is all it would take to radically change the direction of our country. That's #WhatsAtStake.pic.twitter.com/Fpz1lT19EB .@MazieHirono: “If there's one thing we know about @realDonaldTrump, it is that he is committed to self-preservation every minute, every hour, every day.” – That’s why he chose Judge Kavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/4L0ZtGMoo0 No matter what Chairman Grassley claims, Judge Kavanaugh himself said that his years as White House Staff Secretary were the "most interesting and in many ways among the most instructive" to his experience on the bench. And they are hiding those records from the American people.pic.twitter.com/PQPmfGm6Ju Judiciary Committee Republicans made an unprecedented demand that Democrats pre-clear the questions, documents, and videos we would like to use at the #KavanaughHearing.   Now the Chairman says he doesn't have an answer.  Well I do—no.   #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/eMlPDFtfsM These are not normal times and we will not yield. @JudiciaryDems are calling to adjourn the #KavanaughConfirmation hearing. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/hliraIuPpA This AM, all @SenateDems on the Judiciary Committee will preview #WhatsAtStake in the Kavanaugh nomination to the Supreme Court. Republicans are forcing his hearing without his full record, leaving us to ask: What are they hiding? Watch LIVE at 8:45: … Sen. @maziehirono, D-Hawaii, declined to meet with Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh following Michael Cohen's guilty pleas and Paul Manafort's conviction.  pic.twitter.com/e55KWO4r2n On this #LaborDay, we celebrate leaders who fight for American workers every day, including women like May Chen, Ai-jen Poo, Harriet Bouslog, and Velma Veloria.pic.twitter.com/KI9oclfuUI .@realDonaldTrump's proposal to pay for his huge tax cut by slashing pay for federal workers is jaw-dropping hypocrisy, even by this admin’s standards. Congress must ensure that our nation’s federal workforce receives the support they need. Today’s service in memory and celebration of John McCain’s extraordinary life was very meaningful. It was good to be in his home state among those who knew him best and loved him most. Today the Hawaii Congressional Delegation filed a Congressional resolution to congratulate the Honolulu Little League team on their #LLWS win.pic.twitter.com/RS325SsvqC What a game! Congratulations to Hawaii's own Little League World Series Champions Honolulu Little League! #LLWS … Much will be said and written about John McCain over the days and months ahead, all paying tribute to this grand patriot. All of us who had the privilege of serving with Senator McCain have our personal stories and memories. He was my chairman and I will miss him. Hawaii wins the #LLWS United States Championship! pic.twitter.com/ikZq5CX86n Inspiring words from Honolulu Little League team manager Gerald Oda before Wednesday's 10-0 win. Cheering for Honolulu once again in today's #LLWS U.S. Championship! … #Lane downgraded to tropical storm south of Oahu   #HIwxpic.twitter.com/1kKpj5LPvM Hurricane #Lane weakening quickly just south of Honolulu but flooding rainfall and strong gusty winds remain a threat.  For storm information specific to your area, please monitor products issued at   #hiwxpic.twitter.com/QZZwNbPlli 11am: #Lane is still creeping northward. A Tropical Storm Watch has replaced the Hurricane Watch for Kauai. Conditions are still expected to worsen as the day goes on and into overnight for Maui and Honolulu Counties, where tropical storm conditions have already been felt. #hiwxpic.twitter.com/BvaGwGlfow Here's a snapshot of boots on the ground in Hawaii, where FEMA and other federal agencies are working with state & local officials in response to Hurricane #Lane. As heavy rainfall continues to cause life threatening situations, follow: @Hawaii_EMA @GovHawaii @NWSHonolulupic.twitter.com/j4ltgyO014 At the 8:00 am #HurricaneLane briefing in Honolulu. Federal, state, and county agencies continue to coordinate closely to identify needs & respond to issues across the state.pic.twitter.com/fPChkeRLgE Please note that Honapiilani Highway is now closed in BOTH directions due to a large brushfire. Initially it was closed from Maalaea to Shaw Street in Lahaina for westbound traffic only, however it is now closed in both directions. Be ready for threats of #HurricaneLane today into the weekend. Potential continues for dangerous impacts. #HIwxpic.twitter.com/cL8Ft96t7n All islands are now outside Hurricane Lane's cone of uncertainty. While the current track may look like good news, a Central Pacific Hurricane Center meteorologist says Hawaii isn't in the clear.  pic.twitter.com/c47nN2jnHa I thank all of the federal, state, and county employees who are working to keep our communities safe during #HurricaneLane. I urge all Hawaii residents to remain alert and take all necessary efforts to stay safe.pic.twitter.com/9sa8YJ2NtB Emergency sirens will sound at 4 pm. Please shelter in place when possible, or with friends and family. Use shelters as a last resort.   More info:  … Key messages provided by the National Hurricane Center. Hurricane Lane update as it will pass dangerously close to the main Hawaiian Islands.pic.twitter.com/xrlKj5kKR6 #Kauai County Evacuation Shelters: Kilauea Gym, Kilauea Elementary School and the Church of the Pacific in Princeville. Please shelter in place if safe. Shelters are intended to be a last resort option for residents and visitors without safer options to use at their own risk #BREAKING: Hurricane warning issued for island of Oahu ahead of Hurricane Lane; Hawaii Island, Maui County remain under hurricane warnings.  …pic.twitter.com/mdTzevtqsU The @NOAA Central Pacific Hurricane Center is keeping this link updated with the latest on #HurricaneLane  … O’ahu Hurricane Lane Evacuation Shelter List for Hurricane #Lane. Please shelter in place if safe and when possible - our shelters are intended to be a last resort option for residents and visitors without safer options to use at their own risk.pic.twitter.com/KQDSmgPiRu Shelters in West Hawaii open ahead of Hurricane Lane. Click for details.  … Molokai Residents Urged to Seek Shelter Early  Wailuku, Maui - Molokai residents who intend to head to the evacuation shelter at Molokai High School are urged to go there early before rains have the potential to...  … Here are some shelters that will open as Hurricane Lane nears islands   #HNN Best of luck to the 2-0 Honolulu Little League team in tonight's #LLWS game vs Staten Island! We're all cheering you on.  .@PressSec What’s “desperate and pathetic” is lying for @realDonaldTrump from the White House briefing room every day. Hawaii: Today is the day to get ready for #HurricaneLane. Take these simple steps:   Check your emergency kit and restock it.   Review evacuation guidance for your area.   Keep the gas tank filled in your car. I am returning to Hawaii to be with my family and constituents as Hurricane Lane approaches the state. I encourage everyone to finalize their preparations for the storm and take its potential impact seriously. … I have cancelled my meeting with Judge Kavanaugh. @realDonaldTrump, who is an unindicted co-conspirator in a criminal matter, does not deserve the courtesy of a meeting with his nominee—purposely selected to protect, as we say in Hawaii, his own okole. #HurricaneLane Preparedness Tips  *Turn on your TV or radio to get the latest weather updates & emergency instructions. *Restock your emergency preparedness kit. Include food & water sufficient for at least 3 days, medications, a flashlight, batteries, cash, & first aid supplies.pic.twitter.com/bpdQ380tb7 All public and charter schools and HIDOE offices on Hawaii Island and in Maui County will be closed Wednesday, Aug. 22, until further notice, in anticipation of dangerous storm conditions from #HurricaneLane.  … #HInewspic.twitter.com/aUFu0hjYPB Letter to Parents re: #HurricaneLane: Communications on school closures will begin tonight. Effective Wednesday, after-school programs and activities including inter-scholastic athletic events are canceled for the rest of this week:  … #HInewspic.twitter.com/WJAOuGaaPa Today's verdict puts a decisive end to @realDonaldTrump's fiction that the Mueller investigation is a witch hunt. I call on @SenateMajLdr to bring the Senate Judiciary Committee's bipartisan bill to protect the Special Counsel and his investigation to the Senate floor for a vote. Are you prepared for Hurricane Lane? Here's how to pack a disaster preparedness kit   #Hawaii #HIwx #HurricaneLane #Lanepic.twitter.com/X17k0KKdHl .@SenSchumer @maziehirono & @SenDuckworth outline #WhatsAtStake with the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, LIVE here:   Judge Kavanaugh was vetted by the same conservative groups who are working to undo the ACA— which would have devastating impacts on women of color. I’m live with @SenDuckworth, @SenGillibrand, and advocates from @nwlc @PPact @NLIRH to lay out #WhatsAtStake … Congratulations to Hawaii’s @AmeriCorps programs like @kupuhawaii who made our state #7 among states that @AmeriCorps members call home and #GetThingsDone in. Proud to be among the top 10 #AmeriStates of 2018.pic.twitter.com/Z7j1ww5DbI Major Hurricane Lane continues to move west. A gradual turn towards the northwest and slowing of forward motion expected over the next few days. Please continue to monitor  pic.twitter.com/Tn0dfBIKEE Decisions at @DeptVetAffairs should be driven by what's best for our veterans—not the inappropriate influence of 3 Mar-a-Lago members acting as #VAShadowRulers. Proud to lead the call for an oversight hearing to get to the bottom of this @ProPublica report  …pic.twitter.com/QtZwCEGBHU Judge Kavanaugh praised Justice Scalia’s dissents on women’s rights and marriage equality. On the Supreme Court, he could strip away key rights that Americans depend on. That’s #WhatsAtStake.pic.twitter.com/cvxAXG9Fgo Proud to see Hawaii's @StarAdvertiser and @CivilBeat joining media organizations across the country in defending a #FreePress. I stand with you.   … … How vindictive and petty can he get? … Six years ago, the government accepted the first applications for the #DACA program. Dreamers: you can still renew your application & if you’re eligible, it’s important to apply as soon as possible. More information:  …. #RenewDACA #ProtectDreamers Republicans are concealing the vast majority of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House record from the public – and relying on Kavanaugh’s former deputy to screen his record instead of the National Archives!   #WhatAreTheyHiding?pic.twitter.com/25QoZUl75a Staff Sgt. Reymund Transfiguracion served our country & the people of Hawaii honorably in the U.S. Army and as a member of the Hawaii National Guard. My condolences & aloha are with Staff Sergeant Transfiguracion’s wife Edelyn, their two children, and the Transfiguracion ohana. Bill Burck was Brett Kavanaugh's deputy in the Bush White House. Now, he's selecting what documents the American people can review from their time there. #ReleaseTheRecords … Scientists at the UH Lyon Arboretum are working to preserve native ecosystems through research, outreach, and propagation of our native plants. Last month, I introduced the Botanical Sciences and Native Plant Materials Research Act to support their work.  pic.twitter.com/3k54XJdPgv Chairman Grassley & Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee decided that the limited documents cherry picked by Judge Kavanaugh's own deputy in the White House are sufficient and scheduled a hearing on September 4 in order to rush his nomination through. They have no shame.pic.twitter.com/VUnEwu5Xw3 Congratulations to Viktor and Amalija Knavs for becoming U.S. citizens today. Like all immigrants, @FLOTUS surely understands how important it is to have your family with you in this country. I wish we could say the same for @realDonaldTrump … Hawaii's mango season is one of my favorite times of the year, and I'm so glad that I was able to pick mangoes with my friend Candy Suiso at her farm in Makaha!pic.twitter.com/pZdHWBp8RI As we mark the 53rd anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, we continue to fight Supreme Court decisions that erode the VRA’s fundamental protections. Congress must act to protect the right of all Americans to vote and to have their votes counted. #VRA53 I’m leading 23 Senators in telling @SecretaryZinke that he must REJECT new mining claims within our national monuments--especially while @POTUS' attacks on public lands are being challenged in court.   New mining within the boundaries of a national monument is illegal.pic.twitter.com/KuKgvq6Oo7 Earlier this week, I joined activists in front of the Capitol to lay out #WhatsAtStake with Brett Kavanaugh's nomination-- a woman's right to choose, laws that defend our safety and the environment, and protections that ensure that millions of Americans can afford health care.pic.twitter.com/avLJ5at6h9 Pleased to see the unanimous confirmation of Hawaii's Jill Otake to serve on the U.S. District Court. She is exactly the type of nominee this president, or any president, should be nominating for every court vacancy. Read more here:  Fox News continues to be a bullhorn for the President …  … .@ICEgov testified that the detention centers immigrant families are being held in are like "summer camps." We know that's not true. So I had a simple question for our witnesses-- would you send your kids to one of these detention centers?pic.twitter.com/FGMNBh4AxI "So the president says a lot of things, he changes his mind. He governs by chaos, which he mainly creates himself."  – @maziehirono   w Over 700 little children remain separated from their families. Thousands will be traumatized for life. At 10:00 a.m. EST, @JudiciaryDems are demanding answers at the FIRST oversight hearing on family separation. Watch live at   #FamiliesBelongTogether No, it doesn’t make any sense.  And it doesn’t make any sense that YOUR Justice Department and YOUR State Department agreed to make 3D printable guns available to the public. Mr. President, you once said you alone can fix it? Well, then fix this. … Brett Kavanaugh said that his experience as George W. Bush's staff secretary was "most interesting and informative" to his legal experience as a judge. So why won't Republicans requests these records? What do they have to hide? #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/xumER8ZiFM Take a closer look at #Hawaii’s first female senator, @maziehirono :  pic.twitter.com/lvydcwR2La We're all getting Trumpatized on a daily basis, and need ways to recharge. I've started to make paper- these are some of my first recycled cards decorated with pressed leaves and tiles.pic.twitter.com/bbUArYO4pG The U.S. Senate and the American people deserve to see what Brett Kavanaugh wrote and said about important policy matters, including torture, health care, reproductive rights, environmental regulation, workers’ rights, and more while he served as George W. Bush’s right hand man. .@senjudiciary Republicans are trying to bulldoze their way through what should be a careful process to fulfill our Constitutional role to provide advice and consent by examining a nominee’s entire, relevant record. In normal times, there wouldn't be any question that the Committee is entitled to see Brett Kavanaugh’s record from his entire service in the Executive Branch, including as WH Staff Secretary. Refusing this request only clarifies that GOP is concerned about what we might find. … One year ago, I asked my Republican colleagues to show millions of Americans on the brink of losing their health care the same care and compassion they showed me. But instead, the Trump admin continues to sabotage our health care. We must continue to stand up & speak out.pic.twitter.com/RhWLXNOpmG TODAY is the court-ordered deadline to reunite immigrant families that the Trump administration cruelly separated. @realDonaldTrump created this crisis & it's clear they never intended to reunite these kids with their parents. We must continue to hold them accountable. Native plants play a crucial role in  protecting our land, and are an important part of our culture. The federal government should prioritize their conservation & planting in federal land management projects. … Judge Kavanaugh often refers to how his executive branch experience shapes his judicial philosophy. So, of course the Senate Judiciary Committee ought to be able to review all of the records of his time in the White House. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/VLQWjQ6iX2 The Senate's advice and consent role on Brett Kavanaugh's nom requires us to review the totality of his record and experiences—including the documents from his time in the executive branch. So why won't Republicans work with us to #ReleasetheRecords? What do they have to hide?pic.twitter.com/QD7QFS3K2s Today, I met with @McFaul to let him know that the Senate stands behind him. His message was one we should all share: our country must not tolerate intimidation, blackmail, or hostile actions by any foreign gov., but in particular an adversary like Russia, against Americans. Federal workers deserve our respect, appreciation, and unwavering support for their service. We will continue to fight the contempt and animosity that @realDonaldTrump and his administration have directed at them. #RedForFedspic.twitter.com/HtP5QLapOQ Today, @SenateGOP tried to push through a bill to continue traumatizing immigrant children by forcing them, possibly indefinitely, into family detention. It would have invalidated the Flores settlement, which has ensured the humane treatment of children for decades.  I object.pic.twitter.com/zagOHOQrnB When Justice Kagan, who had served in key positions in prior administrations much like Judge Kavanaugh, was nominated, our Republican colleagues demanded her entire paper history. We're asking that the same standard apply today. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/V2aPFhMchZ I’ve served in the Senate for 44 yrs & 19 SCOTUS noms. From reproductive rights to presidential power, I have never seen so much at stake with a single seat. We must see & thoroughly review the #KavanaughPapers before we go further. #ReleaseTheRecords  This is what totalitarianism looks like. … Mr. Bounds tried to hide these disparaging writings from his judicial selection committee, but they were brought to light by a 3rd party. That’s why it’s important to see all relevant documents from a nominee’s life and career. You never know what you’ll find. #ReleaseTheRecords In college, Ryan Bounds wrote awful things about race relations, LGBT rights, and labor rights. That’s why his home-state Senators opposed him, and the Senate did the right thing today by not voting on his nomination. IMPORTANT: Republicans are taking another step to destroy the judicial nominations process as we know it by confirming Ryan Bounds without approval from home-state senators @RonWyden & @SenJeffMerkley. The Congressional Research Service says this has never happened. #CourtsMatter I think you meant to write "the higher ends of *Russian* intelligence." … The Senate just voted to confirm Ryan Bounds and Andrew Oldham- 2 more of President Trump's ideologically driven judges who were vetted by the Heritage Foundation & the Federalist Society. Based on their records, these judges will not serve as impartial arbiters of the law.pic.twitter.com/X3b6sg1Elq Just got out of a closed Judiciary Committee briefing with administration officials on family separation. More obstruction and obfuscation. The importance of this issue warrants a hearing with these officials under oath. For all of my Republican colleagues looking for something to do after the #HelsinkiSummit: join me in demanding a full Senate vote on the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act. It passed the Judiciary Committee on a bipartisan basis. Putin and Trump standing side by side, both misleading their countries and the world. Birds of a feather do, indeed, flock together. With Russia shooting cyber missiles at our country, @realdonaldtrump does nothing except side with Putin against our own intelligence and law enforcement community.  Advantage, Putin A POTUS who continues to call the Russia investigation a witch hunt—despite indictments against 32 people including Russian nationals with ties to Putin—will not confront Putin with the truth. @realDonaldTrump continues to put his personal interests above protecting our democracy The fight for #SCOTUS matters. Who sits on our courts matters. And how we exercise our Constitutional duty to examine a nominee for the highest court in the land matters. We need to mobilize and stay engaged for the long haul in the fight for a fair and independent judiciary.pic.twitter.com/SuCuMRX8jQ Thousands of immigrant families are STILL separated. And yesterday, @HHSGov missed a court-ordered deadline to reunite children under the age of five with their parents. That's why we're calling on Chairman Grassley to convene an oversight hearing on family separation.pic.twitter.com/fITTm2K6SA The nomination of Judge Kavanaugh would put our nation's heath care system in danger. More from Sens Klobuchar, Hirono & Booker, LIVE:  … #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/Pn0un8HqnB Judge Kavanaugh has already been vetted by the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation-- two far-right organizations whose goals include repealing the Affordable Care Act & attacking women's health. Proud to stand with @JudiciaryDems to lay out #WhatsAtStake.pic.twitter.com/LdzE1rQxrR No one should forget that @SenateMajLdr changed Senate rules for the expressed purpose of confirming Donald Trump’s ideologically-driven nominees with the barest majority rather than the 60 votes required for previous Supreme Court nominees. Kavanaugh has advocated that Congress legislate to exempt U.S. presidents from civil and criminal actions while in office. This is of deep concern at a time when Donald Trump is a defendant in numerous civil lawsuits and is the subject of a significant criminal investigation. As a federal appellate court Judge, Kavanaugh’s record is replete with decisions favoring the privileged and powerful. His writings & rulings show a determination to restrict reproductive freedom & strip federal agencies of their power to protect our water, air, and safety. .@realDonaldTrump selected Judge Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court from a list hand-picked by two organizations with a far-right ideology —the Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation. Judge Brett Kavanaugh has not earned the benefit of the doubt. He has the burden of proof to demonstrate his ability to be independent of @realDonaldTrump and exercise unbiased and independent judgment. #WhatsAtStake (thread) Just got off a “Senators Only” conference call with @SecAzar about the border fiasco they created. It was a farce of pure propaganda and no substitute for real Congressional oversight. Only 3 Senators got to ask questions and by that time @SecAzar was gone. We need real answers. Andrew Wheeler is a former fossil fuel industry lobbyist and shares Mr. Pruitt’s hostility to the EPA’s core mission of protecting the air we breathe & the water we drink. He is another wrong choice to lead this critically important agency on either an interim or permanent basis. Scott Pruitt exemplified the toxic mixture of corruption and hostility to government we’ve come to expect from the Trump administration. I joined 38 other Democratic Senators in calling for his resignation in April, and I certainly welcome his long-overdue resignation today. It was great to see so many friends at this morning's Kailua Independence Day Parade! Wishing everyone a happy and safe Fourth of July.pic.twitter.com/X0MsWsH834 No child should have to appear in immigration court alone. That's why I introduced the Fair Day in Court for Kids Act-- to establish that all unaccompanied minors appearing in immigration court have a clear right to counsel. … Mahalo to the @WCKitchen team on Hawaii Island who prepare hundreds of meals a day for Hawaii Island residents impacted by volcanic activity, and to @chefjoseandres for his commitment to feeding communities recovering from natural disasters around the world.pic.twitter.com/cVTtXNBL1M Proud to join hundreds here in Honolulu and millions across the country at this morning's #FamiliesBelongTogether march. It’s up to each of us, and to all Americans outraged by @realDonaldTrump's actions to stand up, fight back, and demand action.pic.twitter.com/bt4IUgZqFo The people, united, will never be defeated. Proud to stand with protesters in the Capitol calling to #endfamilydetentionpic.twitter.com/LBt1T8Gfhe The Supreme Court’s decision in Janus is the just latest blow in a decades-long attack on working people. I’m introducing the Public Service Freedom to Negotiate Act to protect and strengthen the fundamental power of unions. Watch live: … I’m calling on everyone to make sure that the next person who sits on the Supreme Court bases their decisions on law, the facts, precedent, and overall upholding the Constitution and American values we all share.pic.twitter.com/2Etq2BU1fI Should there be hearings, I will exercise my Constitutional duty to determine whether any nominee appointed will respect the law, the Constitution, and American values. Donald Trump has vowed that the Supreme Court should always remain Republican. The Supreme Court should be above politics, qualified, and exercise fair and independent judgment. A nominee that is intent on carrying out the right-wing ideology of the President and his most extreme supporters. If the President’s nominee to the Supreme Court is anything like the nominees he’s been sending to the lower federal court, I expect that we will see a nominee hand-picked by the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. The Court’s decision continues an assault funded by far-right groups on working people. We must fight back. Joined by my Senate and House colleagues, I’ll be introducing a bill to establish the right of every public sector employee to join a union and bargain collectively. The partisan, political decision from the Supreme Court in #Janus will undermine public sector unions’ ability to fight for these basic protections for the 17.3 million public employees they represent. America’s public sector workers teach and nurture our children, keep us safe, and care for our families. As #union members, they are empowered through collective action to fight for fair wages and work conditions. .@realDonaldTrump's targeting of minority groups isn't a dog whistle. It's a bullhorn. Sen. Mazie Hirono on travel ban decision: "Is the president going to say that it's our national security to ban people from Canada? To ban people from Guatemala? From Honduras? Who's next?"  pic.twitter.com/WP2PPE98iS By ignoring the President’s clear intent to discriminate against Muslims, the Court handed the President unfettered power to continue to target minorities. Today is a dark day for our country. Every time our country has singled out a minority group for discriminatory treatment, we have been proven very, very wrong. The Supreme Court’s decision in #TrumpvHawaii will be no different. Sen. @maziehirono Is Front And Center In Battle Against Trump’s Judicial Nominees   @nickgrubepic.twitter.com/teoPlST013 Proud to work with Rep. @DorisMatsui to introduce a bill to strengthen #TitleIX and honor the work of our trailblazing friends Patsy Mink and Louise Slaughter.  "These are not normal times." -Sen @maziehirono delivers the Democratic Weekly Address. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/mIWcOEEshK Years from now, stories will be written about this dark moment in our nation’s history and what happened to these children. People will judge what we did and how we responded. #EndFamilyDetentionpic.twitter.com/SroZ0kitaQ I will continue to fight against this president’s reprehensible actions that dehumanize immigrants, tear families apart, and undermine our country’s moral leadership. What’s happening to these children feels personal to me. Like so many people, I’ve found that my anger and emotions about this issue aren’t far below the surface. Congress has a responsibility to repair our broken immigration system – and we tried hard in 2013 with months of hard work and bipartisan compromise. We cannot and should not enact a patchwork solution that enshrines Donald Trump’s hatred and fear of immigrants into law. There is nothing in the law that requires a zero-tolerance approach at the border – it was a choice that Donald Trump and his administration made. And these children are suffering the consequences. The President’s actions are unnecessary and cruel – but they aren’t surprising. The President of the United States and his administration are playing games with the lives of innocent children. Tonight, my colleagues and I are on the floor opposing family separation and detention. Watch live here:   #HandcuffsForAll I literally keep a binder called "Gorsuch Watch." Ask my staff. … This isn’t who we are. Separating children from their parents reminds us of the worst chapters in American history. This horrific policy MUST end. We have a bill with 49 cosponsors that will do just that. The Senate must pass it NOW. #KeepFamiliesTogether When my family came to this country, we didn't have anything. I didn't speak English. I put myself in the shoes of these little kids being ripped from their parents-- if my mother was taken away, I don't know what would have happened to me and my brothers. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/YpkL5RRWNh Every person in this administration who lies for @realDonaldTrump should resign. … The Trump admin’s new policy of separating immigrant children from their families is reprehensible. As @nytopinion said, Congress must take action to keep families together & provide children with legal counsel by passing my Fair Day in Court for Kids Act. … I was honored to introduce Admiral Harry Harris during his Senate confirmation hearing to serve as our next Ambassador to South Korea. Over the past 5 years, I’ve gotten to know Admiral Harris and appreciate the open, supportive, and candid relationship we’ve developed.pic.twitter.com/Ft3Zyaq6DR Over 2,000 people joined us today for our 5th annual Taste of Hawaii on Capitol Hill-- it's our biggest success yet. Mahalo to @cochawaii & all of our vendors who make #HawaiiontheHill possible.pic.twitter.com/DRIkTOivxP The #HawaiiontheHill Policy Summit is a great opportunity for business leaders to make new connections, and I am grateful we have a record number of businesses-- and friends like @SenSchumer-- joining us this year.pic.twitter.com/H3OXR6wSN5 Mahalo for joining our 5th annual #HawaiiontheHill Policy Summit! We’re excited to have the opportunity to hear about issues including national defense, entrepreneurship, energy security, rural agricultural development & more! #hawaiionthehill2018 #policysummit #hawaiibusinesspic.twitter.com/imZOv80nHc We're celebrating the 5th annual #HawaiiontheHill thanks to the commitment of our partners like Hawaiian Chip Company's Jimmy Chan. As Jimmy's daughter Holly faces new health challenges, I know he'll take them on with the same determination. Learn more at  pic.twitter.com/NRXYT2Zi5e During the Singapore Summit, the President gave up a lot-- and didn't get much in return. But the hard work lies ahead. I shared my thoughts with @HawaiiNewsNow this morning:pic.twitter.com/dGiNSP0IAq When I first visited Puuhonua o Puna, Gilbert Aguinaldo showed me their tiny home prototype. Heartened to see the community continue to come together to support evacuees. … At today's Kamehameha Day lei draping in the U.S. Capitol, we honored our colleague and friend Senator Daniel Akaka by singing his favorite song "Hawaiian Lullaby."pic.twitter.com/iTQKC2M4Fz #Trumpcare is alive and well-- yesterday, the Administration took yet another step to screw millions of Americans out of affordable health insurance. This fight is personal and we must all stand up to their efforts to sabotage our health care system.pic.twitter.com/GNQMfdRY92 Here's something we can all use in 2018-- an afternoon kitten pick-me-up.  Mahalo to the @kittenxlady for meeting with me on the importance of stopping animal testing on kittens.pic.twitter.com/2VZtryi9u1 The bad-assery of Hawaii's Senator Mazie Hirono:  Thomas Farr spent a good part of his career defending North Carolina's gerrymandered redistricting maps & discriminatory voter ID laws. Now he's @realDonaldTrump's nominee to a lifetime judicial appointment. #RunFarrAway ICYMI: Until we return to a normal advice and consent process, I will continue to oppose invoking cloture on any judicial nominee. Here's why:   #CourtsMatter … We partnered w/ @CivilDefenseHI & @EPAregion9 to expand air quality stations in the #Kilauea East Rift Zone to monitor conditions during the #volcanic activity. Responders are using data to make evacuation recommendations & the public can access data too  pic.twitter.com/hFOZmevdYW There's just one week left until the Singapore Summit-- and it's deeply concerning that President Trump has yet to outline a coherent strategy or detail U.S. priorities going into this meeting with Kim Jong Un.pic.twitter.com/o7wQMdGvw1 By saying he has an absolute right to pardon himself, @realdonaldtrump continues to act like a dictator or an absolute monarch. In a democracy, no one is above the law, including him.  “Celebrating AAPI Women during Asian Pacific American Heritage Month” … On average, 96 people in the U.S. die from gun violence every day. 7 of them are kids. Today, we #WearOrange w/ @Everytown @MomsDemand in solidarity with those who have lost their lives to gun violence and to demand action on National Gun Violence Awareness Day.pic.twitter.com/Qm96i4WIcG Standing with @SenBooker, @maziehirono, @SenMarkey, @SenJeffMerkley @SenSanders, @SenBrianSchatz, @SenatorTomUdall, @ChrisVanHollen, @SenWarren, & @RonWyden in support for the Boeing flight readiness technicians in South Carolina who voted to join the @MachinistsUnion last night.pic.twitter.com/IrTyzkDbmw @chloekimsnow is the first female snowboarder in history to land back-to-back 1080 degree spins in competition. She serves as a role model for young AAPI women. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/Q9j25ezziO The women leaders of the Aliʻi Trusts provided for the health, education, and welfare of Native Hawaiian children in perpetuity. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/r1kJEaiBZE I join our state and country in thanking Admiral Harry Harris and his wife Bruni Bradley for their service. At a time when we face an array of threats in the Indo-Pacific, I look forward to working closely with Admiral Davidson as part of our whole of government approach.pic.twitter.com/yGAeQHwUfs Yesterday, in preparation for #HawaiiontheHill, @maziehirono and Chamber Pres & CEO visited & toured some of the companies that will be showcasing their products in DC at 5th Annual event. @tarobrandpoi, @DiamondBakeryHI, @MeadowGoldHI & @HiLIONCoffee. #5thannualhawaiionthehillpic.twitter.com/Z4zYDj5Q1S World renowned architect and designer Maya Lin achieved national recognition at the age of 21 when her design was selected for the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C. She was recognized with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2016. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/cFpsAmn5Qt Hawai'i State Dept. of Health 5 mins ·  Questions about the Kilauea lava flow? Call 2-1-1 for information & referral services to get the help you need. Free. Confidential. Statewide. Call, Chat or Text Live with a Trained Specialist. M-F 7am - 5pm (closed State & Fed. holidays) On #MemorialDay, we pay tribute to all those who fought and died for our country. But we cannot appropriately honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country if, at the same time, we dishonor the service and sacrifice of those who are still with us.pic.twitter.com/x2D2QTivms A prominent women's rights supporter, Andrea Jung was the first female CEO and Chairwoman of Avon Products and the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/n4CI2CwIjN Back in Hilo today to get the latest updates on the volcanic activity and meet with evacuees. 12 federal agencies are on the ground to assist state and local efforts.pic.twitter.com/RV1QT6J0eI Ash masks to be distributed on Saturday, May 26, at these locations: Saturday, May 26, 2018 from 9:00 am - 1:00 pm at all locations. Pahala Gym Annex, Pahala Naalehu Nutrition Center, Naalehu When I was sworn into the Senate, I said I may be the first #AAPI woman Senator, but there would be a second, third, and more. Proud to serve with @SenKamalaHarris and @SenDuckworth. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/OG5InqCXrR Celebrating the strong #AAPI women I serve with in the 115th Congress. Each broke barriers in her own right. #APAHM @RepStephMurphy, @RepJayapal, @DorisMatsui , and @RepGraceMengpic.twitter.com/F1KoVKd2HK Today, I'm celebrating #APAHM2018 by recognizing my friends and colleagues in Congress starting with my colleagues in the Hawaii Congressional Delegation @RepHanabusa and @TulsiGabbard, and @CAPAC Chair @RepJudyChu. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/nXWmU6BgIV .@RealDonaldTrump is the name caller in chief. He has referred to Kim Jong Un as “short and fat” and “Rocket Man.” Ironic that he cancelled the Singapore summit because Kim Jong Un insulted @VP. Making decisions on the basis of name calling is no way to conduct foreign policy. Wendy Vitter once urged people to tell their doctors to display brochures saying abortion causes breast cancer -- which "shows she lacks the judgment for a lifetime appointment," Sen. Mazie Hirono said.  Neil Gorsuch's record before he got to SCOTUS provided a window into what he would do as a Justice. Acting as if the extreme positions of Trump nominees will not matter, or can be set aside by empty platitudes, makes the Senate a rubber stamp for @POTUS. #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/QEQ363zP9C As one of the first women to be inducted in the International Surfing Museum's Walk of Fame, Rell Sun was the top ranked women's longboard champion who helped established the first women's professional tour. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/oQW0bPES1d Did you know that you can renew your #DACA even if it expires in more than 150 days? #HereToStay Find more resources at @UnitedWeDream’s website at:  pic.twitter.com/pyGUqudQh4 Grace Lee Boggs was a civil rights activist, author, philosopher and feminist. She devoted her life to fighting for racial and economic justice. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/eNO3OABANA Neil Gorsuch significantly undermined workers’ rights in Epic Systems v Lewis. But we saw this coming- at his confirmation hearing, it was clear that he disregarded laws that protect American workers, including Alphonse Madden, the frozen trucker. Susan Ahn Cuddy's parents were the first married Korean couple to emigrate to the US. Susan went on to serve as the first Asian-American woman and the first female gunnery officer in the Navy. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/B6JxVFwhPF Ikaika Marzo is one of the founders of Puuhonua o Puna, a community-run resource center for evacuees. Learn more about their work at  pic.twitter.com/nTYtUVNxkB On Hawaii Island today to visit with families displaced by volcanic activity. Starting off the morning with a briefing at the @CivilDefenseHI Emergency Operations Center.pic.twitter.com/lEedt3OLko Santa Fe High, you didn’t deserve this. You deserve peace all your lives, not just after a tombstone saying that is put over you. You deserve more than Thoughts and Prayers, and after supporting us by walking out we will be there to support you by raising up your voices. Mazie Hirono is the only immigrant in the Senate. She’s ready to take on Trump  Scientists at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory are working around the clock to keep Hawaii Island residents safe. Proud that the Senate unanimously passed my, @SenatorCantwell, and @lisamurkowski's bill to strengthen their work.  Sens. Lisa Murkowski, Maria Cantwell, and Mazie Hirono, today secured passage of S. 346, their National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System Act. Full Statement →   @LisaMurkowski @MazieHirono @SenatorCantwell .@maziehirono: “It is impossible to watch this video and believe her testimony.”  Watch the video that undermines Trump nominee Wendy Vitter’s testimony to the Judiciary Committee for yourself. … Kalpana Chawla was the first Indian woman to fly in space as an @nasa astronaut. After she passed away in the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster, she was awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/F2KbzS7Iu3 4.2 Magnitude earthquake. NO TSUMAMI is expected. … Hawaii residents affected by recent natural disasters have depended on a free and open internet to receive up to the minute, lifesaving information from local media. Let's save #NetNeutrality and keep these information pipelines open.pic.twitter.com/z0l0Sq9sQb Please be advised Highway 130 in the vicinity of Leilani Estates WILL NOT be opening to local traffic this morning as previously announced. New cracks have developed overnight. #leilaniestateseruption #kilauea #civildefense Trump nominee Wendy Vitter said she never promoted radical, anti-birth control views.  You be the judge:pic.twitter.com/23650DnifK After her father passed away and her family was incarcerated during WWII, Yuri Kochiyama became a lifelong civil and human rights activist for causes like the anti-war movement. #APAHMpic.twitter.com/511cefuZDq Eruption Update for May 14 at 0600 and 0725 AM. Fissure 19 opens in Lanipuna Gardens. Fissures 17 and 18 are active. Narrow lava flow is slowly moving towards the ocean, which is about 2 miles away. #mayorharrykim  … Happy #MothersDay to my mom Laura, and to all of the mothers who give so much to their children every day.pic.twitter.com/M63HBAybag An expert on traditional water rights, Emma Kaʻilikapuolono Metcalf Beckley Nakuina was appointed Commissioner of Private Ways and Water rights which allowed her to serve as the first female judge in Hawaii.pic.twitter.com/ra8U8PoCBD Cristeta Comerford is an immigrant-- she left the Philippines when she was 23 to work in Washington, D.C and Vienna. She is the first woman and first person of Asian descent to serve as White House Executive Chef.pic.twitter.com/meYofru23p I grew up on a rice farm in rural Japan. When I arrived in Hawaii, I didn’t speak a word of English. John Kelly, you don’t understand how immigrants have built our country. … NEW: Hawaii's Congressional Delegation urged @POTUS to approve @GovHawaii's request for a Presidential Disaster Declaration in support of relief efforts for ongoing volcanic activity on Hawaii Island.pic.twitter.com/hnAr2BgPKY The first Miss Aloha Hula at the inaugural Merrie Monarch Festival, Aloha Dalire was an inspirational kumu hula to Keolalaulani Hālau 'Ōlapa O Laka for more than four decades. Her daughters now continue her legacy.pic.twitter.com/HS65Hn2V2Q  … Please visit   for information and federal resources for Hawaii residents affected by natural disasters.pic.twitter.com/qOdzux8ZJV Hawaiian Volcanoes Observatory is holding a public meeting tonight (Wed. May 9) at 7:00 at the Pahoa Community Center, to provide scientific information regarding the eruption. Spread the word to your family and friends about this meeting. Mahalo and stay safe. #mayorharrykim Hawaii residents are relying on a free and open internet to get up-to-date information on recent natural disasters, coordinate relief efforts, and send out photos and videos of the devastation. That's why Congress must pass our CRA to save #NetNeutrality. #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/08xwogPWza Spoke with @USGS to receive the latest updates on volcanic activity on Hawaii Island. I will continue to advocate for all available federal support for affected communities.pic.twitter.com/5y7bXrarlj EVACUATION - HVO confirms 2 new vents. All Lanipuna residents must evacuate now.  Evacuate towards the ocean Isaac Hale Beach Park. Vent number 13 has opened near the intersection of Leilani Aveand Kahukai Rd and Vent number 14 near Kaupili St. and Leilani Ave. BREAKING: Lanipuna Gardens residents who have not evacuated are being told to evacuate now. I'm deeply concerned that @realDonaldTrump's violation of the Iran Nuclear Deal raises serious questions about whether the US can be trusted to uphold any agreements or negotiations it enters into, & that this uncertainty will weaken our position in negotiations with North Korea. This decision makes it less likely we will be able to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear-armed power, and less likely that we will be successful in confronting, in conjunction with our allies, Iran’s other malign activities. .@realDonaldTrump jeopardized our national security by unilaterally violating an international agreement whose compliance by all parties until now has effectively deterred the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran. #IranDeal The #2020Census is NOT a tool to rally the President’s base. It’s a constitutionally mandated count of every single PERSON living in this country  We must pass my bill to ensure #EveryoneCounts w/ @CoryBooker @maziehirono & many @SenateDems -->  …pic.twitter.com/HIawlWOofZ .@realDonaldTrump & the GOP haven't stopped their efforts to dismantle our healthcare system- and their sabotage will hurt millions of American families.pic.twitter.com/6pY2LlFUcr As a two-time Olympic medalist and a nine-time U.S. champion, @MichelleWKwan inspired generations of girls to become figure skaters. #APAHM2018pic.twitter.com/1ljnHFZCrV Disappointed to see Chairman @ChuckGrassley plans to hold a hearing for a judicial nominee to the 9th Circuit from Oregon without the consent of both home-state Senators. This has never been done before and should not happen now. These are not normal times. Hawaii Island residents, stay safe and watch for the latest updates from @CivilDefenseHI, @FEMARegion9, and your local radio and tv stations. … In 2005, Sarinya Srisakul became the first woman of Asian descent to serve in the @FDNY. Through her work as President of the United Women Firefighters, she continues to fight for gender equality. #APAHM2018pic.twitter.com/hREL2ZGiEf Volcanoes are unpredictable. @CivilDefenseHI has asked those who evacuate, to bring medicine, food, and items for your comfort, if possible.  If you are on the #BigIsland, prepare by gathering a bag of essentials you can take with you if asked to evacuate. #KilaueaVolcano #Hawaiipic.twitter.com/IItBPBZmUB Follow @Hawaii_EMA and @CivilDefenseHI for #KilaueaVolcano updates. Stay tuned to local radio and TV for evacuation orders.   The #HI Fire Department warns high levels of sulfur dioxide gas in the affected areas are a serious threat to life. For more tips:  pic.twitter.com/EwYZ7ZAK2l Passing down the knowledge her mother taught her about Hawaiian seaweed, Dr. Isabella Kauakea Yau Yung Aiona was the first Native Hawaiian woman to receive a PhD in science. She became the world's leading expert in limu earning her the nickname of First Lady of Limu. #APAHM2018pic.twitter.com/SBSIcgGZVc Tonight, I spoke with Governor Ige and Mayor Kim to get an update on the state and local response to the eruption and lava flow at Leilani Estates and offered my support as a member of the Congressional delegation to assist affected communities. National Guard deployed, emergency proclamations in effect for Kilauea eruption   #808newspic.twitter.com/IbA004Ziip Evacuation orders in place, shelters open on Hawaii Island. Click for a list of closures and shelter locations:   #HINews #HNNpic.twitter.com/QqkLfh0Bu4 Second @RedCross shelter open at Keaau Community Center, 16-186 Pili Mua Street, for residents evacuated from their homes due to the Kilauea lava threat. Pahoa Community Center also open. #LeilaniEstates #BigIsland Mandatory evacuation of Leilani Estates & Lanipuna Gardens Subdivisions now in effect.    Connie Chung was the first Asian woman to co-anchor the nightly news on a major network. This #APAHM2018 & #WorldPressFreedomDay, we celebrate her contributions to journalism.pic.twitter.com/RL6VTIK0jW Throughout Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, I'll be highlighting the accomplishments of AAPI women trailblazers, starting with my friend Patsy Mink. #APAHM2018pic.twitter.com/2ipGqxQtZV Happy to spend time with Mililani High School students to learn about the Aina Pono Farm-to-School and Harvest of the Month programs, which connect Hawaii’s agriculture community and our public schools to supply our keiki with nutritious, locally grown school lunches.pic.twitter.com/XYOHFskphY Over the past two weeks, we’ve seen an overwhelming outpouring of aloha from the entire state to support recovery efforts on Kauai’s North Shore. Today, I saw first-hand how these communities are working together to rebuild and recover.pic.twitter.com/Xee9e2LARQ On Kauai today to visit communities affected by recent flooding & meet with county & @fema officials.pic.twitter.com/ZVDQbDNvNZ It applies to all Special Counsels going forward. Now we call on @SenateMajLdr to bring this bill to the Senate floor for a vote. Today, with significant bipartisan support, the Judiciary Committee passed a bill that makes sure the Mueller investigation proceeds without Congressional or political interference. Moving forward, the President should consult with the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and send us a fully-vetted, consensus nominee that can receive the unanimous support of the Senate. Ronny Jackson made the right decision to withdraw. Our veterans deserve a fully-vetted VA Secretary with the experience to lead the government’s second largest agency and who won’t be a rubber stamp for the right-wing effort to privatize the VA. This morning, I attended oral arguments in Trump v. Hawaii, our state's case against the President's Muslim ban. Proud to join so many activists at the Supreme Court today to say #NoMuslimBanEverpic.twitter.com/eP9rnc2Emf The allegations surrounding Ronny Jackson are concerning- even for a very ethically challenged White House. These are not normal times.pic.twitter.com/ZwUSSnpdwM Earlier this month, I visited more than 10,000 acres of newly protected land at Hakalau Forest National Wildlife Reserve. This land was acquired through a public-private partnership- a reminder that we all have a part to play in protecting our land & water resources. #EarthDaypic.twitter.com/Bn8NALkPbB Next week @realDonaldTrump will decide whether 9,000 #NepalTPS recipients who legally work & serve their communities in the United States will be able to stay. Proud to lead 23 Senators in calling to #SaveTPS.pic.twitter.com/rqiMCdg89J Mr. Pompeo, with his questionable views on the use of torture, LGBTQ rights, and women’s choice, as well as his record of preference for using military force, should not be that voice. I’m voting no on his nomination. (2/2) Apart from @realDonaldTrump, the Secretary of State is our country’s diplomatic voice. (1/2) Today, I led a group of 39 senators and 131 representatives in calling on @EPAScottPruitt to step down. Our historic resolution sends an unequivocal message to the administration: the American people have lost faith in Pruitt, and it’s time for him to go. #BootPruittpic.twitter.com/xsDKKC3pwn The @NatlParkService plans to address deferred maintenance in our national parks by opening up public lands to fossil fuel extraction- all while the oil and gas industry receives huge tax breaks. This approach is shortsighted and irresponsible.pic.twitter.com/aniDWA5os6 This is wrong. I'm voting no.  … Over the weekend, families on Kauai experienced devastating flooding. I spoke with Mayor Carvalho today to express my support & aloha.pic.twitter.com/IER9ChQ7yr While you’re filing your taxes, corporate execs and wealthy shareholders are laughing all the way to the bank. #GOPTaxScam. Read our new report — out just in time for tax day — here: … If the President is going to shift our mission in Syria, he needs to come to Congress for authorization and explain exactly what his strategy is, and how it supports U.S. national security interests and ends the ongoing humanitarian catastrophe and refugee crisis. I am deeply concerned by the President’s incoherent strategy in this critically important area of the world where there are layers of complexity and no easy answers. While today's action was taken in concert with France and Great Britain, the President stated that ‘we are prepared for a sustained response until the Syrian regime stops its use of prohibited chemical agents.’ Bashar al-Assad has again used chemical weapons against his own people. This is another atrocity and breach of international law, and the international community must hold him accountable. WATCH LIVE: Senator @maziehirono is questioning nominee Wendy Vitter on her claim that Planned Parenthood kills "over 150,000 females a year." #UnfitToJudge … The fundamental difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is the rule of law, and @RealDonaldTrump's actions make clear that he has no respect for the rule of law. That's why Congress must act to protect the Special Counsel's investigation.pic.twitter.com/46EWooSQbe The gender pay gap puts women at a financial disadvantage from the beginning of their careers to retirement. This #EqualPayDay, we continue our work to close the gender pay gap.pic.twitter.com/nUFvSPNJVv Would Facebook work with the Trump administration on its "extreme vetting" initiative or work with ICE to identify threats?   "We would not proactively do that," CEO Mark Zuckerberg tells @maziehirono. He explains when Facebook cooperates with law enforcement.pic.twitter.com/oZYY06Nnuk Senator Daniel Akaka’s care, empathy, and compassion were evident to everyone who knew him. Today @BrianSchatz and I honored his life and accomplishments on the Senate floor.pic.twitter.com/hFibhK7LG0 Today, I rise in remembrance of my friend Senator Daniel Akaka. Watch live here:   Sat down with @KITV4 tonight to share memories of Senator Akakapic.twitter.com/XQrdDNHghq My thoughts are with Millie and the Akaka ohana in this difficult time. As he so often said, mahalo nui loa, my friend. In Congress, Senator Akaka’s care, empathy, and collegiality served as an example for us all. It’s an honor to sit at his desk in the Senate chamber, and we continue his work to improve the lives of veterans and the Native Hawaiian community. Senator Daniel Kahikina Akaka embodied the Aloha Spirit. He dedicated his life to serving the people of Hawaii as an educator, and in the U.S. Army, state government, the U.S. House, and the U.S. Senate.pic.twitter.com/1PiekJ9ur3 Today, I joined my colleagues in Honolulu for an important field hearing on January’s false missile alert. Over the past three months, I’ve focused on clarifying what role the federal government can play in supporting state-level preparedness and response.pic.twitter.com/y9nBGb27xQ Sen. @maziehirono says the public deserves to know what's going to be in the Mueller report on Trump.   #11MSNBCpic.twitter.com/qmaD0RGV01 Mahalo to Hokulani Elementary School fourth graders and educators for having me today! I had a great time learning how Hokulani's arts curriculum informs student projects on insects and adaptation. @HIDOE808pic.twitter.com/eW8r8q6MJQ Mahalo @maziehirono your support and dedication to our #Veterans.  …pic.twitter.com/1vDKnFpQ1H This is a serious breach of the public trust, and the American people deserve a thorough, unbiased investigation of this matter. The public should be able to rely on federal agencies to make policies based on rigorous analysis of scientific data, not to tell the story that the fossil fuel industry wants it to tell. It appears that @reveal has found otherwise. If true, this report illustrates yet again that the Trump administration both disdains science and lacks integrity. … Last month, I asked Sec. Zinke about reports that his department removed references to climate change from documents.   Here's what he said: "I challenge you—any member—to find a document that we’ve actually changed on a report. And I read them all. I don’t change a comma."pic.twitter.com/rroq3YpGl4 Mahalo to our student mentors for sharing their experience w/36 schools at the Transition Centers Best Practices Conference! Mahalo to Sen. @maziehirono, LTG Bryan Fuller, Ms. Sami Takai, coordinators, military partners, Hawaii Business Roundtable & event sponsors! #HI4PublicEdpic.twitter.com/i6OXFMoMyJ Donald Trump continues his discriminatory, unjustified attacks on vulnerable communities—who’s next? That's why we all need to come together to fight back. #ProtectTransTroops … It's an honor to share the Zonta Club of Hilo's Rose Award of Excellence with tireless advocate & community leader Irene Nagao. Hilo Zontians don’t just talk about how to create opportunities for women—they are out there in the community doing something about it.pic.twitter.com/2Yl6DqvcUx Adding a citizenship question to the 2020 Census is this admin's latest effort to cater to @realDonaldTrump anti-immigrant base & foment fear. We must pass my bill with @SenatorMenendez and @CoryBooker to ban this purely political question #MarchForOurLives is a movement that will inspire a generation, and I'm so proud to join students on Maui and across the country to say #Enough to gun violence.pic.twitter.com/ypIIdBMjIF On that note, @LastWeekTonight, have you updated the #RealAnimalsFakePaws footage lately? Today @SenTedCruz & I wrote to Chief Justice Roberts to request same day audio for the #TrumpvHawaii oral arguments on April 25. Giving the public access to a primary source of information as soon as possible allows more citizens to participate in our democratic system.pic.twitter.com/TzGs3eXB1Z The federal census is NOT a tool to rally the President’s base. It is a constitutionally mandated count of every single PERSON living in this country. Standing up to protect the census w/ @CoryBooker @maziehirono & many @SenateDems.  …pic.twitter.com/HjR9cnnCKE Sen. Mazie Hirono says she's still reviewing the $1.3 trillion spending bill: "Coming up with a 2,000-page bill that we're expected to vote on in the Senate ... is a nutty way to proceed"    Proud that the Senate passed my bill with @SenatorTester & Sen. @JerryMoran to give service-disabled veterans who work for @DeptVetAffairs additional paid sick leave.   While Hawaii is leading the way toward 100% renewable energy generation, the #TrumpBudget cuts funding for renewable energy programs by 66% and funding for electric grid modernization programs by 60%. Today, @EnergyDems had the opportunity to hold @SecretaryPerry accountable.pic.twitter.com/8GMwkFRKWr It was a privilege to serve with Louise Slaughter— she was one of my favorite people. I’m shocked and saddened by her passing, and my thoughts are with her ohana. The internment of nearly 120,000 Japanese Americans is no laughing matter, @SecretaryZinke. What you thought was a clever response to @RepHanabusa was flippant & juvenile.pic.twitter.com/8pTkmqBeQb #DYK Hawaii, the Aloha State, was the 1st to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment. Prohibiting gender-based discrimination in our Constitution is long overdue. It's time to #PasstheERA.pic.twitter.com/GzEDxubeok We should be focused on common sense solutions like repealing the #DickeyAmendment, which PREVENTS the federal government from researching gun violence & its effects on public health. #GunReformNow #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/PEotbXVBgY Proud to join students from Kauai High School & thousands of others at this morning's #NationalWalkout rally at the Capitol. I'm inspired by their example to keep up the fight for sensible gun control legislation.pic.twitter.com/2xe58ypLDc To every student making their voice heard today:  We hear you. We stand with you. We will fight to get this done.  #Enough #NationalWalkoutDay Hawaii was the first state in the country to enact legislation to implement the Paris Climate Agreement after President Trump withdrew the United States from it for no good reason. I agree with my colleague from Rhode Island @SenWhitehouse. It’s #TimeToWakeUp.pic.twitter.com/VBLqJAEbxV As the most oil dependent state in the country, we’re making significant process in moving away from fossil fuels and instead developing renewable sources of energy. #TimeToWakeUppic.twitter.com/SiDgkbjzf1 Our beaches draw in millions of visitors from around the world every year. Waikiki Beach alone generates $2.2 billion for Hawaii’s economy every year. And it could be completely submerged by the end of the century. #TimeToWakeUppic.twitter.com/xzONdL0e3a We need our federal agencies to invest in research that better understands climate change’s long-term impact. But Trump has appointed – and his Republican allies in the Senate have confirmed – regressive, dangerous, and extreme nominees who are undermining critical research. Over 6,500 hotels, malls, small businesses, apartments, and homes would be compromised or destroyed, and 20,000 residents would be displaced by a sea level rise. The economic cost of this damage? $19 billion. #TimeToWakeUppic.twitter.com/SzXUGwIk6t For the past six years, @SenWhitehouse has led the way in urging Congress to take action on climate change. Tonight, 20 Democrats including myself are joining him for his 200th #TimeToWakeUp floor speech. Watch live here:   The Trump administration has ignored scientific evidence to promote their "alternative facts". Earlier today, I asked @SecretaryZinke if it was his policy to censor scientists researching climate change at his Department.pic.twitter.com/dUOb3AvY3A I have no words. … As @maziehirono points out, the Trump administration has a pattern and practice of censoring science and erasing from the public record, the truth about climate change. #DefendClimate … .@EnergyDems are live holding @SecretaryZinke accountable. Join us at the link below. … The #GOPTaxScam boiled down: … Chaos continues in Trumpville  … "We are certainly not equal yet... but our voices are getting stronger every day" Sen. @maziehirono on #InternationalWomensDaypic.twitter.com/PjIT4hdDZN On #IWD2018, we celebrate women who are making their voices heard around the world, including these brave Boko Haram survivors I met with this week.pic.twitter.com/zWXoyWlM7S ICYMI: Yesterday, I questioned Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats on who in our government is in charge of stopping Russian interference in our elections. His answer was troubling.pic.twitter.com/A7CtDVWppk More than 21,000 #Dreamers already lost their status, and starting today, 1,200 more will lose their DACA every day. We will continue to fight in the courts and in Congress to protect these young people. 6 months ago, @realDonaldTrump and Jeff Sessions created a crisis by cruelly ending the DACA program. We've been fighting ever since to protect #Dreamers- but every bipartisan compromise has been shot down by this anti-immigrant administration. Congratulations to Hawaii's own Midshipman Lael Sommer for performing the national anthem before tonight's @NHL game at the @NavalAcademy! Children (as young as 3 years old!) fleeing unspeakable terrors in their communities are forced to represent themselves before immigration judges. The absolute least we can offer them is due process. Delighted to co-lead the Fair Day in Court for Kids Act with @maziehirono WRC strongly believes that @maziehirono's bill, the Fair Day in Court for Kids Act, is an important step toward ensuring that we adhere to our moral + legal obligation to protect refugee and other vulnerable children seeking our protection.  KIND applauds the introduction of the Fair Day in Court for Kids Act led by @maziehirono which would ensure unaccompanied children seeking safety get a fair chance to access U.S. protection  In 2016, I watched heartbreaking proceedings at an immigration court in Baltimore. Kids as young as 3 are expected to represent themselves. Fair Day would ensure that these kids have lawyers at their sides. … Right now, unaccompanied children who come to the US seeking a better life away from violence in their home countries face immigration judges alone. I introduced the Fair Day in Court for Kids Act to change that & give these children access to counsel.  Telemedicine is increasingly vital for those in rural areas with little access to health care facilities. Ending net neutrality could threaten low-cost services for these patients by making telemedicine companies pay more for reliability and high speed service. #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/4IPlXYvoDN Without #NetNeutrality, corporations that can afford high-speed internet could take down businesses that are stuck with slow speeds. America’s small business owners and entrepreneurs need the internet to stay free and open. #SaveTheInternet Join me today in supporting #NetNeutrality, we need #OneMoreVote to make sure that the internet stays free and open. The internet doesn’t belong to @AjitPaiFCC and @realDonaldTrump, it belongs to the American people.pic.twitter.com/hpcXRaMWgo Adding Global Entry member countries benefits the U.S. economy & national security. That's why @JimInhofe & I led all 100 Senators in support of Israel’s full membership.pic.twitter.com/yaGcv1NWxl Supreme Court lets #DACA stand...for now. But circuit court decisions could end protections for #Dreamers for good. The clock is ticking & Congress must act. Replacing it with "we are a nation of hypocrites" would reflect @realDonaldTrump's real views on immigration. … Mahalo to @GoogleSmallBiz for your work helping Hawaii entrepreneurs utilize online marketing to grow their businesses!pic.twitter.com/1R0XTtpDAx The clock starts ticking TODAY. @AjitPaiFCC just triggered a timeline that will culminate in a Senate vote on my CRA to save #NetNeutrality. We now have only 60 legislative days to find one more vote. Is your Senator on the right side of history?pic.twitter.com/oW3TzE6s00 Young people have helped lead all our great movements. How inspiring to see it again in so many smart, fearless students standing up for their right to be safe; marching and organizing to remake the world as it should be. We've been waiting for you. And we've got your backs. Great round table discussion today on @NationalService with Senator @maziehirono and Hawaii @SeniorCorps and @AmeriCorpsVISTA!pic.twitter.com/0eN0TRsueX Our Community Health Centers & programs that receive support through AmeriCorps fill vital needs in our community. Hearing from @HI_CNCS volunteers & Waikiki Health Center clients underscored how important continued federal support is for these programs.pic.twitter.com/94RtCM0u77 Mahalo to the Hawaii Comprehensive Cancer Coalition for honoring me today, and for your work every day to raise awareness of what we need to do to fight cancer.pic.twitter.com/g5iqXph17S Let's take a page out of these kids' book and get this done. #WeCallBS … THREAD: There are several pending letters and requests about the @WhiteHouse’s security clearance process.   We’ve got questions. Will the Trump Administration provide answers? The President chose to end DACA. The President chose to torpedo a bipartisan compromise to protect Dreamers. He created this mess. … With this threat, the President made it clear that he wanted all of us to stand with him against the Rounds-King amendment. That, I would not do. President Trump created this crisis when he cancelled DACA and threw 800,000 young people under the bus. And with his recent veto threat, he has made it abundantly clear that protecting Dreamers is the farthest thing from his mind. The Rounds-King amendment included a number of provisions I strongly oppose, including $25 billion for Trump’s wall. The Republicans also sought to dismantle our legal, family-based immigration system. Democrats fought hard to limit the damage. Unfortunately, we were left with only one option to protect the 800,000 current DACA recipients and an additional one million Dreamers who the President has threatened with deportation. It’s for them that I voted for the Rounds-King amendment. I have consistently supported a clean DREAM Act, and voted in favor of the Coons-McCain amendment today that came very close to it. And while it earned the support of a bipartisan group of 52 senators, the vast majority of Republicans blocked this effort. My family entered the middle class after my mom's workplace unionized. I stand with my @AFGENational brothers and sisters as we fight for fair pay and to protect the rights of federal workers.pic.twitter.com/xexO3uyA82 This week, we can come together to resolve the crisis Trump created when he canceled DACA. We can provide thousands of young people in our country their shot at pursuing the American dream without fear of deportation. Watch here:   #ProtectDreamers Olympic gold medalist @chloekimsnow is the daughter of an immigrant father who came to America determined to make a better life for his family. Their story is the story of immigration in America. My Senate colleagues should keep it in mind this week.pic.twitter.com/cpzwxqrhYL The Senate can act TODAY & help give #Dreamers a path to become citizens of the only nation they call home. We’re ready to get this done.pic.twitter.com/aV3urMSlL6 We're in this fight to #ProtectDreamers for young people like Getsy, Leonardo, Victor, and Yenima. All these extraordinary people are asking for is something we all want- a chance at the American Dream. Full video at  pic.twitter.com/6hHfIABJbE We’re demanding the White House explain why Rob Porter had access to classified information even after the Chief of Staff was notified he was denied a security clearance because of an alleged history of domestic violence.pic.twitter.com/IKwsahaNL8 I voted against this legislation because Dreamers are not included in it. An overwhelming majority of the public supports legislation to protect Dreamers, and Democrats will be fighting hard for them during the upcoming debate on immigration. A lot of hard work and compromise went into this budget deal, which includes a number of provisions I strongly support. However, Dreamers were left out of the bill to allow this deal to go forward. Throughout the debate on government spending, I have consistently supported efforts to fund critical domestic priorities without pitting groups against one another. .@SenWarren, @MazieHirono and I are demanding an investigation into the White House's security clearance process. Urgent action needed now to ensure national security:  … Girls can. Girls will. Girls do.  Celebrate National Girls & Women in Sports Day #LikeAGirl. #WinterOlympics #BestOfUSpic.twitter.com/z8bgtEZazb Today we celebrate National Girls & Women in Sports Day & young women like @ScoutBassett who keep striving #LikeAGirl every day.pic.twitter.com/k4TLbXynt5 February is American #HeartMonth & the women of the Senate are coming together to raise awareness of heart health. Learn more at   #GoRedforWomenpic.twitter.com/0CDEuffuNg Through all the obfuscation and negative personal attacks, a clear pattern has emerged. The President and his Republican allies will do whatever they can to discredit the Mueller Russia investigation without respect or regard for the collateral damage caused. #DefendOurDemocracy I'm on the Senate Floor to #DefendOurDemocracy. Watch live here:  . Self-serving and personal attacks against people who refuse to do his bidding reflect the narcissism of a man who has little regard for his responsibilities as President.  Sadly, for President Trump, it's all about him. Every time. All of the time. Many of the Republicans investigating Trump-Russia appear more concerned with protecting the President than getting to the truth, this is particularly true in the House where almost nothing happens on the Intel Committee without the assent of the White House. #DefendOurDemocracy We are sounding the alarm over South Korea Ambassador ​vacancy; Warning of significant risk of preemptive strike against North Korea. @SenatorCardin @SenJackReed @TimKaine @PattyMurray @ChrisCoons @SenWarren @SenMarkey @SenBrianSchatz @SenJeffMerkley @SenSanders @SenatorShaheenpic.twitter.com/gPMjieXN3s Releasing a memo despite the FBI’s national security concerns shows how far Republicans will go to protect their lying President & undermine Robert Mueller’s investigation. .@realDonaldTrump's aversion to differences of opinion is pathological and does not serve our national interest or the interests of our allies in the region. That the White House is no longer considering Victor Cha’s nomination over his legitimate concerns about preemptive military strikes against North Korea is deeply troubling and undermines ongoing diplomatic efforts to deescalate tensions. My hot take on the #SOTU pic.twitter.com/tqDmw0PeCj For all his talk of unity, @realDonaldTrump is highlighting again and again policies that divide our country. #SOTU Teleprompter Trump lies and sows fear about immigrants. There is no such thing as chain migration. It's called family reunification. #SOTU If @realDonaldTrump truly cared about expanding health care access, he wouldn't have spent the past year trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act. #SOTU I’m wearing my #TimesUp & breaking the glass ceiling pins to the #SOTU to represent our fight for equality & an end to sexual harassment.pic.twitter.com/DbBGMuBjKa In #AYearOfTrump, the President, and his proxies in the Federalist Society & Heritage Foundation have chosen so many objectionable nominees for life tenured judicial positions because they intend for them to carry far-right beliefs to the bench. We’re introducing the #ANTIQUITIESActOf2018 today to protect our #MonumentsForAll from the Trump administration’s unprecedented and illegal attacks on our #PublicLands. #KeepItPublicpic.twitter.com/wBtBtooXqj Disgusting. … After #AYearofTrump, the administration is still hampered by unprecedented dysfunction. Read more:  …pic.twitter.com/FW8KbTnS40 Our government has no place in the choice or anguish that accompanies women like Meredith's decision to have an abortion. #NoAbortionBan  …pic.twitter.com/DVEYV9BefG Senate Republicans are making yet another harmful attempt to turn back the clock on women’s reproductive health care. @SenateDems are on the floor in opposition to these attacks on women's health. #NoAbortionBanpic.twitter.com/0kbAT6i5rI Mahalo to our fall semester Senate Pages, who graduated today. Pages work in the Senate for a semester & are instrumental to keeping the Senate floor running.pic.twitter.com/Y6zN8ccWFA Donald Trump's latest immigration salvo demonstrates an ego unbound by fairness, compassion, or understanding. It’s reminiscent of how he bullied and mistreated others in his business dealings. Terms like "chain migration" and "illegals" continuously disrespect families like mine who came to this country in search of a better life. There is no institution that Donald Trump's minions won't attack to protect their lying President. Going after the FBI to protect the President is reckless and unconscionable.pic.twitter.com/mlynjHFpj9 Sen. Mazie Hirono on the Nunes memo: "If these people have something more substantive than hearsay ... let them come forward. In the meantime, there is fire where the Mueller investigation is leading"  Words like "illegal" are used to deny the humanity of immigrants, and make it easier to deport those around us who we literally depend on. I'm opposed to the cruel end of #TPS and war on immigrants. … More proof of the #GOPTaxScam living up to its name? @BofA_News announced a $5 billion buyback, AND plans to start charging low-income customers for free checking. … There is no question that an open debate on immigration will be a knock-down, drag-out fight. There is an urgent need to protect DREAMers, and we can’t lose sight of this in the upcoming debate. At the same time, Mitch McConnell promised on the Senate floor today that he would hold an open debate on DACA and immigration if no compromise is reached by the time this CR ends on February 8. We should all expect the Majority Leader to honor this promise. My consistent position has been to oppose any continuing resolution that did not include these priorities. I voted against this CR for this reason. I’m confident that we can reach bipartisan agreement on these issues and it was completely unnecessary for the President and Congressional Republicans to force a shutdown on them. There are battles worth fighting. Protecting DREAMers, reauthorizing CHIP, funding Community Health Centers, and providing parity between funding for defense and domestic priorities – without pitting one against the other – were battles worth fighting. Congress shouldn’t wait around for the President to make up his mind. Let’s do our jobs and end the #TrumpShutdown.pic.twitter.com/zoLOjByI4y Early this morning, @clairecmc tried to pass a bill to guarantee military pay and death benefits in the #TrumpShutdown.  Republican Leader Mitch McConnell: I object. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/n3a7RBaxzi As we commemorate the anniversary of the #WomensMarch, we celebrate progressive women of color who show up to the hard fights time and time again to make progress happen.pic.twitter.com/J29Sx2ILEr We're here in the Capitol fighting for #Dreamers, children, and families across the country. @SenatorDurbin & I heard from some of these inspirational young people today. Their stories keep us going.pic.twitter.com/1Ym7H55Pc5 There are Dreamers in Washington from every corner of America right now—I was honored to hear from some of them today with my friend, Senator @maziehirono. They inspire me every day to keep fighting for the #DreamAct & to keep pushing forward.pic.twitter.com/rQnuHNzXmI McConnell & Ryan want to wait for @realDonaldTrump, but we are a separate branch of government. Let’s do our jobs and end the #TrumpShutdown Who wants to tell him? … Getting people together -- that’s just about the opposite of what he’s done in these negotiations. That's why we're in this #TrumpShutdown.pic.twitter.com/cYEuso8nXD Congress is a separate branch of government. Instead of bowing to the unpredictable, mercurial, and unreliable positions of the President, we should do our jobs and send the President a government funding bill that addresses all of these priorities. Republicans are in charge of the House, the Senate, and the Presidency. They are in charge of setting the time table and the agenda, and now they’re blaming the Democrats for their own misplaced priorities. At the same time, they’ve ignored reauthorizing CHIP, funding Community Health Centers, protecting DREAMers, and providing parity between defense and non-defense programs. All of these issues have bipartisan support and should have gotten done months ago. Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan, & Donald Trump turned things upside down. They’ve spent the past year working behind closed doors to take away health care from millions & pass huge tax cuts for the richest people & corporations in our country without input from Dems or the public. It’s diabolical the way Republicans are using the CHIP program as a weapon instead of passing the reauthorization back when it expired in September. “I’m really disappointed in you Mitch.” Hear more on Dems fight to avoid a #TrumpShutdown from Senator @maziehirono:  …pic.twitter.com/mzziAcXY9b The people, united, will never be defeated. We don't want a #TrumpShutdown, but we won't allow Republicans to pit vulnerable communities like these brave #Dreamers against each other.pic.twitter.com/dkhyGPTqUY It is a no-brainer. Let's do both. … The Senate is now in session & @SenateDems continue to be ready to negotiate a bipartisan deal. But we will not pit kids against kids by allowing GOP to hold 9 million children who rely on CHIP hostage. #TrumpShutdown Rather than negotiating in good faith with Democrats to prevent a government shutdown, Republicans believe they can pull the wool over the eyes of the American people.pic.twitter.com/geFOxdUvpT This is a pivotal moment for Congress. Are we going to do more than pay lip service to DREAMers by doing our jobs to protect them and provide health care to millions of children and families across the country? Or are we going to bend to the whims of an unpredictable President?pic.twitter.com/OeqvUV8LC8 I will be voting no on the House CR because it does not include protections for Dreamers, funding for the Children’s Health Insurance program and Community Health Centers, and parity between defense and domestic spending.pic.twitter.com/sU9iVzGf0R Sen. @maziehirono on many of the judicial nominees being voted on today: "Too many have dedicated all or part of their professional lives to stridently ideological work." #MonsterMarkup #courtsmatterpic.twitter.com/4EQsRfSdtP It is crucial that the people of HI can have confidence in the government as an institution to provide accurate information. It's why I am calling for a thorough, transparent investigation into the false emergency threat alert. Full video at  .pic.twitter.com/cT2DKnD4lk Earlier today, I called Secretary of Defense Mattis to emphasize the urgency of resolving the situation with North Korea peacefully. Hawaii families immediately assumed that the alert was an attack from the DPRK, a concern that echoes throughout our country.pic.twitter.com/KVCfl1wd6c Hawaii Sen. @maziehirono tells me what changed between President Trump's response last Tuesday during immigration talks to his response during the now infamous meeting on Thursday. @KITV4pic.twitter.com/mSSATkG54X ICYMI: I questioned the Secretary of Homeland Security on DHS' role in supporting the state's investigation into Saturday's false nuclear threat alert & making sure that this never happens again. Full video at  pic.twitter.com/y822f89Orn I'm questioning DHS Secretary Nielsen on steps the Department of Homeland Security can take to make sure a false emergency threat alert never happens again. Watch live at   Sen. Mazie Hirono says Trump "made clear ... he wants, basically, white people to come to our country."  Sharing one of my favorite quotes this #MLKDay. Dr. King's words ring truer than ever.pic.twitter.com/fBVKtm2FQD To impugn @SenatorDurbin's integrity is disgraceful. Whether you agree with him on the issues or not, he is one of the most honorable members of the Senate. Yesterday, I spoke with Governor David Ige, Hawaii EMA Director Vern Miyagi, Adjutant General Joe Logan, & Admiral Harry Harris to make sure something like this never happens again. While the alert was false, the fear and panic Hawaii residents & visitors felt was real.pic.twitter.com/7q5UAhG32d Today’s alert was a false alarm. At a time of heightened tensions, we need to make sure all information released to the community is accurate. We need to get to the bottom of what happened and make sure it never happens again. NO missile threat to Hawaii. I will continue to defend the Senate’s Constitutional obligation to provide advice & consent on lifetime appointees to the federal bench. Until we return to a normal process through which we can provide it, I will oppose invoking cloture on any judicial nominee.pic.twitter.com/EyqDcBoi8n Sen. Mazie Hirono Will Now Ask all Judicial Nominees if They Have a History of Sexual Harassment  pic.twitter.com/4GDkFxLeip We must settle the fate of #Dreamers & as the meeting at the White House showed, passing DACA protections into law is within reach. But if @SpeakerRyan & the hard right in the House coalesce behind @RepGoodlatte’s proposal on #DACA, then we’ll have no deal. Every day, DREAMers like Victor have been sharing their stories in the halls of the Senate in order to stay in the country they call home. We need to pass the #DreamActNow.pic.twitter.com/UQ42QogB5u Happening now: @SenatorDurbin & I are sharing stories from Dreamers across America. Time is running out and we have to pass the #DreamActNow. Live stream:    Starting today, I'm asking nominees to our courts, under oath, whether or not they have a history of sexual assault or harassment. Like in other industries, our judges are in positions of power & #TimesUp.pic.twitter.com/Jk0NcTBi3h Republicans are trying to turn the Russia investigation into a sideshow.  Thank you @SenFeinstein for releasing information the public deserves to see. … Two days ago, @realDonaldTrump said that there would be no #DreamAct without $18 billion for a wall. Today, he told me that he'd sign whatever Congress agreed to. Let's hope he doesn't change his mind tomorrow. I'm attending today's meeting at the White House to represent immigrant communities & the importance of family unity. … Today marks 100 days since the Children's Health Insurance Program funding expired. Children could start to lose their health coverage, we need to #ExtendCHIP. This.  Families in Hawaii & across our country rely on these programs & that's why we'll keep up the fight. … The Attorney General's decision is short sighted & wrong. … Americans across the country saw so-called "voter fraud" commission for what it was- a thinly veiled attempt to suppress the vote. However, our fight to make sure all Americans can exercise their right to vote is far from over. 14,586 #DREAMers have lost their #DACA status as of today. We need the #DreamActNow. From my ohana to yours, Mele Kalikimaka! Wishing everyone a safe & joyous holiday season.pic.twitter.com/zm1v0S6mGl Your tax break: a few hundred dollars, then a tax hike. Trump’s tax break: $11 Million.  That’s bad math for families in Hawaii. … Sent a message to @CDCgov & @HHSGov: words matter.   Banning the use of the words "vulnerable,” “entitlement,” “diversity,” “transgender,” “fetus,” “evidence-based,” and “science-based" across @HHSGov is damaging to public health.  …pic.twitter.com/H6FnZOQL8j Republicans are celebrating: ✔︎ Giving billions in tax cuts to the rich ✔︎ Taking health care from 13 million people ✔︎ Opening an Alaskan wildlife refuge to drilling ✔︎ Raising taxes on 100 million householdspic.twitter.com/12SjhyR7TG It is nothing more than a fulfillment of the Republican Party’s mission to eventually gut Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to pay for trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the richest Americans and corporations. The American people will hold them accountable. The Republican tax bill is a scam. After months of empty promises to the middle class, the President has been caught in another big fat lie. This bill will not help the middle class. Tonight, the Senate is voting on the #GOPTaxScam- Donald Trump's big, fat lie to the middle class & giveaway to the top 1% and corporations.pic.twitter.com/l3bjuFYvRR As we have seen tonight & all year, voting matters. The more people vote, the healthier our democracy is. Yesterday I introduced the VOTE Act with @SenMarkey, @SenBlumenthal & @maziehirono to help High School seniors register to vote. If you're in the top 1% of the wealthiest in our country, you'll do great under the #GOPTaxScam. The rest of us who have to work for a living will be screwed. Boosting this in case you couldn't hear it over the noise of Republicans cheering about passing tax cuts for corporations & the rich  … I will vote against a CR that doesn't include the #DREAMAct, funding for CHIP & CHCs, & defense/non-defense parity. Instead of doing anything that would actually help people, Republicans want to give huge tax cuts to the rich. Talk about misplaced priorities. In 2 weeks since @SenateGOP passed #GOPTaxScam big corporations announced $70+ Billion in stock buybacks - a clear signal the bill is just a massive giveaway to the wealthy & biggest corporations:  …pic.twitter.com/SDg4IIEz0v Attacks from Trump allies & the far right on the special counsel's investigation & integrity invoke shades of creeping McCarthyism. We will continue to fight to allow Mueller's independent investigation to continue. 122 #Dreamers lose their DACA status every day that Congress doesn’t act. They can’t wait any longer. We need the #DreamActNowpic.twitter.com/sx069Qt2EU One of my office's favorite holiday traditions is participating in the @ToysForTots_USA toy drive. Mahalo to the U.S. Marines, volunteers, and all who donate to families in need.pic.twitter.com/AKLXgZt97f MUST WATCH: Republican @SenJohnKennedy asks one of @realDonaldTrump’s US District Judge nominees basic questions of law & he can’t answer a single one. Hoo-boy.pic.twitter.com/fphQx2o1rc Thank you Senator @maziehirono for asking this question! #courtsmatter Mr. Kacsmaryk was not nearly so colorful here as he was in his past attacks on #transgender people. Stop Trump's anti-trans takeover of the courts:  …pic.twitter.com/gGsixQHfzk More than 12,000 #DREAMers like Brittany have already lost their DACA status. We need the #DREAMActNow because they can't wait any longer.pic.twitter.com/hafjE8soAH The @FCC is supposed to protect consumers & the public interest on the nation’s communications networks. They failed that mission today, but the fight isn't over. #SaveNetNeutrality We've always been a country that has understood the value of immigrants. Immigrants make our country strong. Immigrants are #HereToStay. We’re fighting for the #DreamActNow & other important year end priorities for young people like Brittany. Join us at  …pic.twitter.com/LjNl54kxSp Dreamer Brittany joins @maziehirono and @SenBlumenthal to urge Congress to pass the #DreamActNow!pic.twitter.com/qiADUPXk1X Tune in at 1:15pm: I’m joining @SenBobCasey and @MazieHirono to urge Congress to immediately extend funding for children’s health insurance and community health centers. Watch live: … At 11:00 a.m., @SenJeffMerkley, @nwlc's @FGossGraves & I will be speaking out against Fifth Circuit nominee Don Willett & so many others Trump judicial nominees who are #BadForWomen. Watch live at   #CourtsMatter Congratulations to my new colleague, Senator-elect Doug Jones! Any year-end budget deal must include parity for defense and non-defense priorities, including critical funding for veterans programs.pic.twitter.com/Sa7E1h5u6V 91% of Donald Trump's judicial nominees are white men. We need a diverse judiciary, not judges hand picked because they're #BadForWomen. #CourtsMatter Donald Trump is appointing judges who are #BadForWomen to lifetime positions. Many have spent their careers advancing policies that would limit a woman's right to health care & opposing LGBT rights, among other terrible things. .@SenSchumer @SenWhitehouse @maziehirono @SenGaryPeters are LIVE w/ update on end of year negotiations. WATCH:  …pic.twitter.com/OYCM9TcfcH Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of my friend & tireless advocate Mayor Ed Lee. My thoughts & aloha are with Ed's family & the city of San Francisco today. Sen. Mazie Hirono on President Trump: "He’s a misogynist and admitted sexual predator and a liar. The only thing that will stop him from attacking us, because nobody is safe, is his resignation.”pic.twitter.com/48EBOAgnHP .@realDonaldTrump is a misogynist, compulsive liar, and admitted sexual predator. Attacks on Kirsten are the latest example that no one is safe from this bully. He must resign. … There’s only four more days to sign up for healthcare coverage. #GetCovered at   or call 1-800-318-2596. Today, we honor the brave veterans who defended our country on December 7, 1941. I introduced @RepHanabusa's bill in the Senate to establish a memorial at Pearl Harbor honoring the service of WWII veterans who served in the Pacific.   #PearlHarbor76 Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, a domestic violence conviction is not called domestic violence – it's categorized as assault, which allows convicted abusers to buy guns. I pressed the Department of Defense on the need to pass my bill to close this dangerous loophole.pic.twitter.com/TNtXBOQ9q2 But no longer. We can only create a culture where women are respected as equals if we all step forward and be part of the change by holding everyone, especially our leaders, accountable. My hope is that this moment for a cultural change will result in women no longer being viewed as objects or toys, but recognized for their abilities and achievements. As regular human beings. Women have endured this behavior, which for too long has been ignored and tolerated. We are, all of us, speaking out, naming names and demanding that the harassers take responsibility for their behavior. I am proud of each of the women who has come forward, and heartened by the changing climate that has received their stories with acceptance and compassion. TIME Magazine, by naming ‘The Silence Breakers’ as their ‘People of the Year,’ is recognizing what women have always known: there are men among us who use their positions of power and influence to manipulate, harass, and assault women. What is new here is the women. Today, I am calling on my colleague Al Franken to step aside. I’ve struggled with this decision because he’s been a good Senator and I consider him a friend. But that cannot excuse his behavior and his mistreatment of women. (thread) Health care is a right, not a privilege. With less than two weeks left to #GetCovered for 2018, you can call 1-800-318-2596 or visit the website for more assistance.pic.twitter.com/WfsuJI71KN More than 10,000 #DREAMers have lost their DACA status, and more are at risk every day. We need the #DREAMActNow! Climate change isn't a religion that you can choose to believe in. The facts and science are irrefutable. But today, we heard from yet another Trump "science" nominee who won't even admit that it's real. #ActOnClimatepic.twitter.com/lnH9hxdIe8 From @CivilBeat- Hawaii's graduate students can't afford the #GOPTaxScam … The Trump Administration proposes cuts that would reduce Grand Staircase-Escalante by nearly 50%. Why? To line the pockets of polluters #MonumentsForAll #SaveGrandStaircasepic.twitter.com/uyNPuElfMm The 1% are dancing in the streets tonight. Disgusting, disgusting outcome for millions of Americans who will suffer under this bill. We won't give up the fight. Sounds swampy to us.pic.twitter.com/EM1M8HeKuh This. … As a former school superintendent, I know that a term paper submitted like this would never pass. Neither should this #GOPTaxBill. … Trying to review the #GOPTaxScam but they are making hand-written changes to brand new text as we speak – can anyone else read this?pic.twitter.com/JX8v1v4gyi This.  Working people & middle class families can't afford the #GOPTaxScam … When the Republicans claim that the #GOPTaxScam will help working & middle class familiespic.twitter.com/hxjZwIoHZm Here’s a look at how Republican leaders & Pres Trump are putting together the tax bill they’re passing tonight. #GOPTaxScampic.twitter.com/ixtwvZNo5p It’s 3:45 p.m., do you know where the tax bill is? Because we haven’t seen it. #GOPTaxScampic.twitter.com/HXJEoLXMnM The @SenateGOP is focusing their efforts on creating permanent tax cuts for corporations & the mega-rich. The rest of us will end up paying for these tax cuts under the #GOPTaxScam. This is so bad. We have just gotten list of amendments to be included in bill NOT from our R colleagues, but from lobbyists downtown. None of us have seen this list, but lobbyists have it. Need I say more? Disgusting. And we probably will not even be given time to read them.pic.twitter.com/Mn0i56JeZg The #GOPTaxScam would eliminate private activity bonds, which have helped hospitals across Hawaii keep our families healthy.pic.twitter.com/QxQdeepOeg The #GOPTaxScam is already having consequences in Hawaii. Construction on the planned West Maui hospital is being held up because financing that will be eliminated by this bill.pic.twitter.com/bJZXqdcZwA The #GOPTaxScam sells out our middle class families. Instead, it’s a gift to the wealthy with only 960 of Hawaii's richest taxpayers benefiting from an average $59,000 tax cut.pic.twitter.com/s5WVQyXfK6 The #GOPTaxScam is yet more shibai, or B.S., from Republicans. Instead of helping middle class families, they're screwing them over instead.pic.twitter.com/V0netPdC8a The #GOPTaxScam will cut govt revenues by $150 billion/year - the entire amount we spend every year on @usedgov ($68 bil.), @USDOT ($19.6 bil.), @HUDgov ($35.5 bil.), @USDA ($24.6 bil.), and @SBAgov ($868 mil.). Let’s kill it and start over .@maziehirono: If we're serious about a tax plan that will truly help middle-class families in a meaningful way, we need to kill this terrible bill and start over.   #GOPTaxScam I stand with women from all Native communities who experience violence & abuse- you are #NotInvisible. Together we can combat these crimespic.twitter.com/2phElnqAdL I wish I was surprised that @realDonaldTrump shared fake videos made by a white supremacist to incite hatred and violence against Muslims, but it's the behavior we've come to expect from our President. I'm not surprised, but we can never allow this to become normal. Hawaii Democrat Sen. Mazie Hirono: GOP tax bill is a "solution in search of a problem"  Need health insurance for 2018? #GetCovered by signing up for a plan on   by December 15. The  orgs are here to helppic.twitter.com/mQh1OimBm6 THIS! -> I call this tax bill a solution looking for a problem. - @maziehirono on the Hill talking about the #GOPTaxPlan Watch LIVE:    10:15 TODAY: @SenBobCasey and I will be live with @MomsRising on how the #TrumpTaxScam would devastate working & middle class families  The #TrumpTaxScam is headed to the Senate floor, and we need your voices now more than ever to speak out against this giveaway to the wealthy & corporations. I voted against Greg Katsas' nomination because his profound conservative bias has no place on our country’s second most important court.pic.twitter.com/F2zAQpTRIC If anyone is looking for a markup on a tax bill that cuts taxes for the middle class & actually creates jobs…  Spoiler: You won’t find it.pic.twitter.com/5O98BCrNwa Every day, more #Dreamers are losing DACA protections & are put at risk of deportation. We need the #DreamActNow. Trump could personally benefit from last-minute change to Senate tax bill  It's #SmallBusinessSaturday & I encourage everyone to #ShopSmall to support local businesses in their communities.pic.twitter.com/xeBO7nSswH We've got to kill this turkey of a bill. What a gobbler! … Happy Thanksgiving! Thankful to have spent another Thanksgiving morning with friends at Lanakila Pacific​ preparing meals for those in need.pic.twitter.com/5zZw6kSm2V I commend the @NatlParkService for creating this new exhibit recounting the internment of Japanese Americans at the Kilauea Military Camp. I encourage future park visitors to take the opportunity to learn more about this chapter in our history.pic.twitter.com/XuIuCcYyRu Mahalo Senator Mazie Hirono for visiting us today and supporting small business! #alohapawz #shopsmall @maziehironopic.twitter.com/xEmNKQR7AX Today I had the opportunity to meet with Korean War veterans during their weekly breakfast at Like Like Drive Inn to thank them for their service.pic.twitter.com/XO3TRDLazb .@SenateMajLdr, w/ the holidays here, you must pass the #DreamAct before #Senate recesses in Dec. 53% of #DACA recipients are women & 1/4 are parents to American citizen children. The future of these mothers & their kids have been thrown into uncertainty & now face deportation.pic.twitter.com/TX3NQfnkbA FULL INTERVIEW: Sen. @maziehirono says calls for Sen. Franken’s resignation are a ‘distraction’.  pic.twitter.com/WyB7Jf0APA The Trump Admin’s plan to collect and track social media activity of those who have immigrated to this country seems to be another attempt at intimidating immigrants out of our nation. READ our letter demanding answers from @DHSgov  …pic.twitter.com/giEHOQXUtm It's clear who will benefit from the #TrumpTaxScam- corporations and the mega-richpic.twitter.com/PKqMCG33vy A live look at where your money goes under the #GOPtaxplan.pic.twitter.com/IjiRLpMW7M We've institutionalized a process that doesn't result in justice for victims. Proud to join @SenGillibrand's efforts once again to #PassMJIApic.twitter.com/ImN2LFeKcr #AAPIs4Dream are in the Capitol today because when we do not stand up for #DreamActNow, we are not standing up for our country's values.pic.twitter.com/B6K3XJM6ZE Happening now: I'm introducing a bill to close a dangerous loophole that enables convicted abusers to buy guns  … LIVE: @EnergyDems are fighting efforts to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas drilling   #ProtectTheArctic .@SenateMajLdr said individual mandate repeal would be used to help offset making corporate tax cut permanent.pic.twitter.com/2AWX0VZSHi As the saying goes, the definition of stupidity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. … Tip for AG Sessions: Please read the letter we sent you last month about your bogus invocations of executive privilege at Congressional hearings – attached here if you don’t recall.pic.twitter.com/ZcDPF0RADf Expert tax witness confirms - instead of putting money in the pockets of the middle class, the Senate Republican tax bill actually encourages corporations to outsource their jobs and keep their profits overseas.pic.twitter.com/HePve3YnYl Brett Talley has never tried a case & is woefully unqualified to serve as a federal judge- just the latest troubling Trump judicial nominee.pic.twitter.com/G5PRqQ4Hpi This #VeteransDay, we honor all of our servicemembers, including Filipino World War II veterans like Domingo and Oscarpic.twitter.com/o9wCRvKJCe .@EPAScottPruitt says academic scientists who receive @EPA grants can’t be impartial, but industry-funded scientists have no conflicts. This double standard is unacceptable.pic.twitter.com/SzxIj1bwJJ When it comes to the #TrumpTaxScam, we have to look at what the GOP is doing- going after programs that benefit working families.pic.twitter.com/iRvpeFPA3l Proud to stand with @UNITEDWEDREAM in the Capitol today. We need the #DreamActNowpic.twitter.com/bJdPMOQPff Proud to join @SenFeinstein in fight to #BanAssaultWeapons. Thoughts, prayers, & moments of silence will not curb epidemic of mass shootings … Saved this from election night 2016- 1 year ago. We've fought off politics of fear & divisiveness, & will continue to do so in days aheadpic.twitter.com/057FiEPlz2 Teachers spend $1.6 BILLION per year on school supplies. The Republican tax bill ELIMINATES their ability to deduct those expenses. WATCH: Republicans are trying to rush through their tax giveaway to the wealthy. This isn’t how #TaxReform is supposed to work.pic.twitter.com/lU8PsT38Jy My thoughts & aloha are with families in Sutherland Springs, but aloha cannot stop this epidemic of gun violence. TPS recipients are some of the most vulnerable, and yet @realDonaldTrump & his administration are turning their backs on them Abhorrent. TPS recipients seek refuge in US- and now just the latest victims in @realDonaldTrump's mission to make America white again … Toplines from the #TrumpTaxScam: #BillionairesFirst; corporations first; huge cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, education; ordinary families last. We should not be considering whether to exploit national treasures like the #ArcticRefuge to pay for tax cuts for the rich #ProtectTheArcticpic.twitter.com/8MRbNmSGYr President Reagan said corporations & the wealthy should pay their fair share.   Today Trump’s Republicans gave them huge tax giveaways.pic.twitter.com/BeGfAFOHfM We're live at @EnergyDems fighting a GOP proposal to pay for #TrumpTaxScam by opening drilling in the #ArcticRefuge.   Corporations that would benefit from GOP tax plan won't share profits with workers, they'll just get richer. Any other idea is shibai- B.S.pic.twitter.com/X5vJQuNfnc I guess it's not too soon to politicize a tragedy. The bill @SenAlexander & I have proposed—w/ 12 Dem &12 Republican cosponsors would do a lot to help get things back on track w/ health carepic.twitter.com/J060aDtWXH Wanted to share a quick update on my health. Starting immunotherapy to fight my cancer, and don't expect it will keep me from the fight.pic.twitter.com/6Tetpe6QGl Calling Trump's judicial nominees extreme "is not extreme," says Sen. @MazieHirono #TrumpJudges #courtsmatter The majority of Americans don't support the GOP tax plan because they know it's a giveaway to corporations & the 1%pic.twitter.com/rA1E2mlGvX In their own words: the #GOP tax plan would raise taxes on some Americanspic.twitter.com/k5rt87oNyk This week, GOP will release tax plan that could RAISE taxes on 123,000 Hawaii families. #TrumpTaxpic.twitter.com/CSpkC54l1f Will you swear that under oath? … #NationalCatDay is a big deal for my cat Hemic & the cats of Team Hirono! How are you & your cats celebrating?pic.twitter.com/zINl7qSYu8 Mahalo, Chris. We are all in this fight together. #C4KC … Immigrant or not, #WeAreAllDreamers. I stand with Dreamers in Hawaii & across America- we need the #DreamActNow.pic.twitter.com/pp7LziN2lM Cutting @Interior’s budget by $1.7B while doubling entrance fees undermines #AmericasBestIdea. We’re demanding answers from the Trump admin.pic.twitter.com/aoto3eidZ6 Filipino WWII veterans awarded Congressional Gold Medal  …pic.twitter.com/DWM0NWGgsJ Our country asked a lot of Filipino World War II veterans, then reneged on our promise of citizenship & benefits. But they never gave up.pic.twitter.com/065r2NoewC After years of work, proud to finally present Filipino World War II veterans with the Congressional Gold Medal today  pic.twitter.com/kghEkN5ssL Filipino veterans of World War II will be honored at the U.S. Capitol tomorrow. @maziehirono  …pic.twitter.com/fAVfzna44x If the @SenateGOP reverse the @CFPB’s rule tonight, they won’t be promoting a conservative agenda. They’re promoting the banks’ agenda. Hundreds of HI residents have filed complaints with @CFPB about problems with credit reporting agencies. #RipoffClause weakens their rights. Tonight, Senate Republicans are forcing through a bill that would take away consumer rights & protect special interests. #RipoffClausepic.twitter.com/AGrkC3PkkV When we have a President who is an admitted sexual predator, it shows how prevalent harassment is. That's why #MeToo is so important.pic.twitter.com/OwQXnyYfuC Why won’t the GOP listen to farmers like Mike from Kansas? WATCH … This week, we voted on a GOP budget that gives tax cuts to the rich on the backs of working families- yet another broken Trump promisepic.twitter.com/1wNCOYh94n Pretty much every woman that I know, myself included, has a #MeToo story. It's not cute. It's not funny. It's harassment. … Here late tonight for #votearama on a terrible Republican budget resolution that cuts #Medicare & other essential programspic.twitter.com/XK2ZYXFrpv #CourtsMatter, and whether or not a federal judge sits on an #IslandinthePacific, this Administration must respect our independent judiciarypic.twitter.com/EnIYUv9P9q I'll continue to #QuestionSessions on his review of consent decrees, even if he won't give us straight answers.pic.twitter.com/rhhqKpsBN6 .@JudiciaryDems are back after a short break w/ tough questions for AG Sessions. Tune in:  …pic.twitter.com/8qI45OF2cG Judge Watson strikes again  … Possible coordination with Trump’s “election integrity commission” casts doubt on Justice Department’s dedication to protect voting rights.pic.twitter.com/YH6s2Xs4Pq Even Republicans know President Trump’s healthcare sabotage is “going to hurt everybody.”pic.twitter.com/ZnBB5KJouR Continued silence & inaction are unacceptable. We must provide oversight & resources to ensure NPS employees have a safe working environment This report confirms what we've known for some time- there is a pervasive culture of workplace harassment in the NPS … Cancelling CSR payments & sabotaging ACA puts millions of lives at risk. @realDonaldTrump- do you even care? Mahalo to @hawaiiancouncil for your work in fighting to defend Native Hawaiian programs- I'm with you every step of the way.pic.twitter.com/M0DFE27SMZ On International #DayoftheGirl, we can empower and inspire every girl to dream big and reach their potential.pic.twitter.com/jBwsfoNyh4 .@WhiteHouse immigration “priorities”: Rip families apart, demonize immigrants, hold #DREAMers hostage in exchange for a useless wall URGENT: Today is the deadline to renew #DACA. Congress must take immediate action to #protectDreamers   #DreamActNowpic.twitter.com/th5CN2y6sO On #WorldTeachersDay, we recognize the hard work teachers do to inspire change and educate students like my 6th grade teacher Mr. Oshiro.pic.twitter.com/U9DDFe9T7p  … #Equifax compromised data of 462,000 Hawaii residents, but former CEO Richard Smith wouldn't even give us straight answerspic.twitter.com/OyuVhILgqG "We have to fight injustice at every time. Today, it's for the 800K #Dreamers out there."@maziehirono #CleanDREAMActpic.twitter.com/MpwgMqk9OV #DREAMers like Denisse are living in fear of deportation & having to leave the only country they know as home. We must pass the #DREAMActpic.twitter.com/N1fFJddTdv HAPPENING NOW: Senate Judiciary Committee holds an important hearing on #DACA. Watch here:  … #DefendDACA #Dreamers With yet another horrific mass shooting, when will Congress stand up to the NRA? This senseless violence must end. My thoughts this morning are with Nevadans. Hawaii sends our aloha to Las Vegas, our ninth island community. .@TaxPolicyCenter on the #TrumpTaxPlan: middle-class families get pushed aside, top 1% get 80% of the benefits. Wow.  pic.twitter.com/XWYUlKkuqP .@SenateDems are determined to pass the bipartisan #DreamAct so Dreamers can continue contributing to the country they love.pic.twitter.com/rkwtvlC4OU The GOP "plan" isn't #taxreform- it's tax deform. It screws the middle class, all to give people like @realDonaldTrump a massive tax cut Proud to stand with Rep @louiseslaughter & Sen. @maziehirono to further support schools' #TitleIX enforcement!  I joined @PattyMurray in condemning this action- we stand with survivors & will fight for strong #TitleIX protections. #StopBetsypic.twitter.com/FFBpZbYOmk But last Friday, @BetsyDeVosED rolled back critical #TitleIX protections that protect victims of campus sexual assault. #StopBetsy Hawaii's Patsy Mink wrote #TitleIX after facing discrimination in education. This watershed law created opportunity for generations of women The Senate’s passage of my & @SteveDaines' APEC Business Travel Card bill affirms the importance of engagement with Asia-Pacific allies.pic.twitter.com/xgNpaqebhN .@realDonaldTrump Based on your 2005 return, reducing the top income rate to 35% would personally benefit you to the tune of ~$7 million. Mahalo to everyone who spoke out against #GrahamCassidy. Our work toward health care that is a right & not a privilege must continue. When call came on a family ski trip my world turned upside down. From black diamond runs to fighting for my life w/a call. It could be you. Thank you for doing the right thing. My husband's bills were over $700,000 when his heart failed. We had insurance. But what if we hadn't? Thnx Sen Hirono The ACA saved under 26 daughter from brain cancer 2 craniotomies proton radiation But Out O'Network big bills Not Perfect OK Just one. I was a super healthy person. I ran marathons, ate well, took care of myself. Then an unexpected diagnosis. #GrahamCassidyBill I am a skin cancer survivor and had another spot found today @maziehirono. It is horrifying to imagine dealing with this without health care … No vote on #GrahamCassidy is good news, but GOP efforts to repeal #ACA will continue. Here's why @SenateDems will continue to fight: Mahalo to Stacey Oshio, Hawaii's Principal of the Year, for your commitment to our keiki! … Today is #NativeWomenEqualPay day. On average, Native women have to work 9 additional months to catch up to white men's annual earnings.pic.twitter.com/8J54FfKfyi .@maziehirono says she was shown compassion after her cancer diagnosis and wants the same from her colleagues for all Americans My full testimony before @SenateFinance- we must defeat #GrahamCassidy & show Americans the compassion they are expecting from their leaderspic.twitter.com/swEdpdtBkG Sen @maziehirono: “we are all one diagnosis away from a major illness and I certainly found that out.” #GrahamCassidy would be “devastating”pic.twitter.com/HMLCmkzI2b Health care is a right, not a privilege, but #GrahamCassidy treats health care like a commodity that can be bought and sold. After all the care and compassion I received from my colleagues, #GrahamCassidy reflects none of this for millions across the country. What we do as leaders affecting everyone’s lives should reflect compassion. There is no compassion in #GrahamCassidy It is never a good time to have cancer, but what I am experiencing is the care and concern expressed by total strangers. This is compassion. Since my diagnosis, people come up to me at airports, grocery stores, and restaurants to tell me that they too are cancer survivors. #GrahamCassidy hearing will begin soon. Join us LIVE & don't miss testimony from Senator @maziehirono:  … Finalizing my @SenateFinance testimony against #Trumpcare- mahalo to thousands who have shared their stories. This is for you.pic.twitter.com/MvyBiVCXUd Looking forward to testifying before @SenateFinance tomorrow on behalf of millions of Americans who would be hurt by Graham-Cassidy BIG NEWS: These groups represent thousands of doctors, hospitals & health plans that serve millions of patients. They oppose #GrahamCassidy.pic.twitter.com/Q1SZ7CnkHj From @CivilBeat: "Hawaii Would Lose Big If Obamacare Repealed" … Hawaii will not succumb to ham-fisted #GrahamCassidy divide and conquer tactics. We will not throw the rest of the country under the bus. Why Graham-Cassidy? The GOP's made it clear that they're desperate to fulfill campaign promises on the backs of American families #Trumpcarepic.twitter.com/D0slQUDA0e To @SenateGOP, health care is a commodity- that's why they're obsessed w/ passing #Trumpcare, even knowing that millions would lose coveragepic.twitter.com/38owJCe0ka The @LittleLobbyists only ask us to stand with their children. proud to do that today. … Under the Cassidy-Graham #Trumpcare bill, millions of Americans would not be able to afford the health care that could save their life.pic.twitter.com/AVO9bXEW3j BREAKING: These patient groups are taking a stand against #GrahamCassidy, urging Congress to #ProtectOurCare and continue bipartisan effortspic.twitter.com/qZaxxncHsZ A group of men wrote a devastating health care bill & are now trying to push it through w/o debate. It's almost like we've been here before. … The @SenateGOP Graham-Cassidy "health care" bill cuts Medicaid funding & rolls back protections for people with pre-existing conditions. .@SenateGOP Your attempt to rebrand #Trumpcare as Cassidy-Graham isn't working. We will do everything in our power to defeat it (again) For too many HI parents, child care has become unaffordable. @SenateDems rolled out our solution for #ChildCare4All   … .@PacIOOS receives more than $2.8 M to enhance ocean monitoring and protect Hawaii’s coastal communities … NEWS: Congress will honor #FilVets of World War II in a ceremony on October 25. Veterans & families interested should contact @FilVetsREPpic.twitter.com/IrS4M1H7gp .@TIME magazine profiles @maziehirono in special issue  …pic.twitter.com/z16wA8YorQ "As MLK said, the arc of history bends towards justice... and #MedicareForAll is justice." @maziehironopic.twitter.com/w7K7XsQ5Yl We are united for #MedicareForAll because health care is a right, not a privilege only for those who can afford it.pic.twitter.com/2uLsgUfDTv Proud to stand with @CAPAC & the #AAPI community to protect DREAMers & call for the passage of the DREAM Act. #HeretoStaypic.twitter.com/i3Sco3rkS0 I support universal, affordable, accessible, quality health care as a right, not a privilege. #MedicareForAllpic.twitter.com/EOliwIXrxA Today, @SenCortezMasto & I led broad coalition of 20 @SenateDems in pressing Equifax's CEO to completely end its use of #forcedarbitration.pic.twitter.com/IFoo8wVxwf Today we remember thousands who were killed in 9/11 & the first responders & ordinary men and women who came to the aid of  fellow Americans I stand up to cancer to ensure that everyone living with it can access treatment & affordable care. #StandUptoCancerDay #SU2Cpic.twitter.com/S2umnusv0r Instead, she should take these 6 simple steps to provide support and protections for campus sexual assault survivors... … Mazie Hirono is the first Asian-American woman to be elected to the U.S. Senate #SheIsTheFirst  We must take action to protect #DREAMers & fight efforts to tie these young peoples' futures to the President's vanity wall. #HeretoStaypic.twitter.com/y76jkxYMlb To #DREAMers in Hawaii & across the country, I stand with you & will fight to #SaveDACA to let each of you follow your American dreampic.twitter.com/wXm1Ug0Qyf I want to be clear: I reject any effort to hold #DREAMers hostage for an unnecessary waste of money like Donald Trump’s wall. #SaveDACA .@realDonaldTrump's decision to end #DACA is cruel & unjustifiable. I stand with #DREAMers across the country- we will fight to #SaveDACA. This #LaborDay, we thank the generations of workers who laid the foundation for the middle class and basic rights that we all enjoy. ICYMI from @StarAdvertiser: “We should not let #DACA become a dream deferred." #SaveDACA  If @realDonaldTrump ends DACA, we will pursue legislation and other legal avenues to stop this travesty & protect DREAMers. #SaveDACA Attacking minorities & stoking fear are pillars of @realDonaldTrump's Presidency. Will keep fighting to #SaveDACA and protect #DREAMers … Celebrating JVEF,  a unique partnership that helps military families in Hawaii adjust to new schools with @HIDOE808pic.twitter.com/jiyJEd1hFo We're working to #DefendDACA for the 800k young people who came forward in good faith to pursue their dreams in the only country they knowpic.twitter.com/yN8Vz3DVFo .@AtghIgov: Ending DACA is just another example of @realDonaldTrump considering policy that appeals to his discriminatory base #DefendDACApic.twitter.com/JhVsOMmChm #DACA has given nearly 600 young people in Hawaii the opportunity to pursue education & careers. We're standing up to #DefendDACApic.twitter.com/6KKu8eZv4J On #WomensEqualityDay, reflecting on how far we've come, but also on the fights ahead, including #EqualPay and protecting women's health.pic.twitter.com/h1Oog77gV4 Pardoning Arpaio is the latest instance of how @realDonaldTrump's words and actions empower racists and white supremacists. Transgender service members work every day to uphold our country's core values. That's more than I can say about @realDonaldTrump. Kawaihae Watershed receives over $600k to repair its ecosystem and reduce downstream impacts to our coral reefs.pic.twitter.com/DdtjLabKy7 Celebrated #NHCW2017 last week at Kalihi-Palama Health Center, hearing how we can work together to improve our health care system.pic.twitter.com/zeGfCIqVGB .@realDonaldTrump can rearrange the deck chairs on the Trump Titanic all he wants, but it won't change the fact that the problem is him.pic.twitter.com/X99watBtd4 Congratulations to @APALAnational on 25 years of advocacy for the #AAPI community & working people across the country. #APALAat25 Taking over @SenateDems on Snapchat this morning to talk about the importance of our community health centers. Add them to follow along!pic.twitter.com/GgF7N7lr3J But it doesn't matter if @realDonaldTrump fires everyone in his administration. He's the problem. #BannonOut I was one of the 1st to call for Bannon's firing back in November. Net + any time a white supremacist is fired. … .@kupuhawaii interns and alumni I met with today are working to protect our aina and Hawaii's native plants and animals.pic.twitter.com/DQMSm9Fs5b Met with state agencies this morning to discuss what we can do in the Senate to improve the #AffordableCareActpic.twitter.com/FOqSGSN37i Attorney General Chin and @maziehirono had a chance to get together today for a good discussion on #TravelBan, Papahānaumokuākea, and more.pic.twitter.com/5rgrrrPn1o My thoughts & aloha are with the @USArmy UH-60 Black Hawk crew, their families, & first responders working to bring them home. It’s clear that this President does not serve all Americans. Bringing our country together will be up to each of us; he will be no help.pic.twitter.com/pRWcmA97H9 On the 5th anniversary of DACA’s implementation, we must  #DefendDACA so DREAMers can keep contributing to the country they love.pic.twitter.com/nQE73H1XNr The bill that I’ve intro’d with @RepTedDeutch will strengthen #SocialSecurity and improve benefits and restore fairness to contributions. #SocSec82 is the cornerstone for retirement and a safety net for millions of families around the country, including thousands in Hawaii.pic.twitter.com/p5UJREFYPF Looking forward to future conversations with @HIDOE808_DrK about ensuring that our keiki get a quality education.pic.twitter.com/7kwEjI0N8s Fighting to see through efforts to honor our Filipino WWII veterans at a Congressional Gold Medal Award ceremony.pic.twitter.com/3FNSwPpSvh Celebrated diversity and culture with friends at this weekend's 16th Annual Korean Festival.pic.twitter.com/nFTFOj40BI .@realdonaldtrump should stop using divisive rhetoric & forcefully condemn white supremacist groups that provoke & practice violence. We must stand up to a culture where white supremacists feel empowered to march down streets w/ weapons & commit horrendous acts of violence Congrats to the @PHNSYIMF graduates! We need workers like you to maintain, repair, and overhaul the ships and submarines in our fleet. Honored to meet with generations of Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard apprentices at today's Class of 2017 graduation ceremony.pic.twitter.com/DLvRw8miRq .@uhawaiinews receives over $1M from @NSF to support #WomeninSTEM at Hawaii Comm. Colleges, @maziehirono announces  pic.twitter.com/d3rUj5hNF4 #DearBetsy We need leaders who will stand up for all students. @usedgov's Office of Civil Rights is abandoning its responsibilitypic.twitter.com/qSWEaWs3q2 Bluster and saber-rattling will only exacerbate an already difficult situation. At the same time, we must work toward a comprehensive & sustainable diplomatic solution in concert with allies & other regional partners. De-escalating tensions with North Korea will require sustained engagement and steady American leadership. Our first priority must be to keep Hawaii and our country safe, and I have confidence in Admiral Harris and our commanders in the region. We must act to #RestoreTheVote and protect the fundamental right of all Americans to vote and have their vote counted. … Celebrating being home in Hawaii with a bowl of vegetarian ramen! Looking forward to seeing many of you over the state work period.pic.twitter.com/JY6t9Wlw2F WATCH: Sen. @maziehirono joins Chuck in the studio to talk North Korea and her recent cancer diagnosis. #MTPDaily  I didn't speak English when I came to Hawaii. I learned in our public schools & am fighting for every family to have the same opportunity. Equal marriage rights for same-sex couples is law of the land. We intro'd Equal Dignity for Married Taxpayers Act so tax code reflects that.pic.twitter.com/KtldxbZPsM Sen Hirono had a 7in titanium plate put in her ribcage after cancer diagnosis. Then she went to battle w/ Trumpcare … Instead of doubling down on the bigotry & fear he promoted during his campaign, @realDonaldTrump should work with us toward #CIRpic.twitter.com/m0Y93kgVBt Senator @maziehirono: "That's what really guided me: that need to show compassion"  Hawaii continues to build a strong foundation for our future #cybersecurity leaders. @UHMaui #STEM … In a world of #alternativefacts, my bill with @RepZoeLofgren to establish a Science Laureate is more imp. than ever  It's critical that we #ActonClimate & continue to protect Hawaii's precious coral reefspic.twitter.com/hEvBW1SzYP AG Chin leads coalition of 19 AGs opposing @POTUS transgender policy, saying it has "no place in the 21st century.”  pic.twitter.com/vbO4vJ4cDQ But the work continues. We can't let three heroic votes be for naught. Tonight, Senate Republicans were on the brink of denying health care to millions. You made sure that didn't happen. To my GOP colleagues, after I was diagnosed with cancer, you showed me your care. You showed me your compassion. So where is that tonight?pic.twitter.com/BfWMIDd0Vo .@maziehirono: "John McCain and I are examples of how all of us are just one diagnosis away from a serious illness"  I've heard from so many across Hawaii who would be hurt by #Trumpcare. We're in this fight to #ProtectOurCare for them. We are in the Senate fighting this mean, ugly bill. But we need you with us calling, tweeting, making your voices heard. Health care should be a right for all. But tonight GOP is trying to push through a bill that would steal care from millions. I learned this year that we are all one diagnosis away from a major illness. My fight against cancer focused my fight against #Trumpcare This FAA funding will help strengthen emergency preparedness and response capacity at DKI International Airport … .@realDonaldTrump's decision is wrong & perpetuates bigoted stereotypes about the LGBTQ community.pic.twitter.com/5auYfdGSmH .@maziehirono on GOP ‘skinny’ Obamacare repeal plan: “It’s just a ploy” #TheBeat @MSNBC  We're in this fight against #Trumpcare for the long haul. Any Republican proposal will hurt millions in Hawaii & across the country.pic.twitter.com/5ojr13Nkya In 2009, McConnell *literally* said this: “We shouldn’t rush again on something as important & costly as health care.” Is it not true today?pic.twitter.com/iG5VSoQRhC The energy in opposing #Trumpcare has been incredible. But if we don't speak out today louder than ever, it'll all be in vain. #VoteNo To be clear- a yes vote on the MTP is a vote to steal health care from 30 million Americans. #Trumpcare #VoteNo There are a lot of proposals floating around. All of them are terrible & inhumane. #Trumpcare You thought it was bad when Republicans drafted #Trumpcare in a back room? We have no idea what's in the bill we're voting on TODAY. A vote yes on #Trumpcare MTP is a vote to take away vital services that Waikiki Health provides to Oahu families. #VoteNo #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/kwqBVx5tx6 We can't become complacent in fighting #Trumpcare. Families like Keith's are depending on us. #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/boPDufSQ0g We're fighting for #ABetterDeal that helps Hawaii families succeed. Hear more from @SenSchumer →   … Maui, Kauai CBOCs lease agreements are long overdue. I'm committed to working w VA to improve services for HI vets  … Senator @maziehirono: We must remain vigilant to threats from terrorism… but many of [these programs] are under attack from the @whitehouse.pic.twitter.com/74OhUkRgSx #ACAWorks for BJ's patients on Maui, and allowed her clinic to expand services.   #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/NgKDgsQv2A As @SenJohnMcCain warmly reached out to me as I was battling cancer, I am reaching out to him tonight and wishing him the very best. Our nation’s most critical info shouldn't be readily available to someone w/ history of conduct that raises serious nat'l security concerns.pic.twitter.com/0XQdQSMz3g For years, John Bush spewed his racist and misogynistic views online. He has no place on the federal bench. #StopBushpic.twitter.com/E7xY5BrbYD #DACA allows 800,000 young people to stay in the only country they know. Will fight to make sure that they are all #HereToStay HI receives $1M in NOAA funding to support local research to better understand and prepare for #climatechange impacts on our shorelinespic.twitter.com/LzZRYaQ23u Sen. Mazie Hirono says the Republican argument that Democrats are unwilling to change the ACA is "B.S."  pic.twitter.com/3srMKWULSb Things I learned in today's @Morningedition: the word "shibai," which @maziehirono defines as "b.s."   @npr Constant vigilance- this isn't over yet. #Trumpcare Judge Watson strikes again. @realDonaldTrump must fully rescind the #MuslimBan … HI receives over $2M in FAA funding to help strengthen safety at Lihue, Kahului, and Molokai airports … Health care is personal- that's why so many have been raising their voices against #Trumpcare. Let's keep up the fight #PeoplesFilibusterpic.twitter.com/qhRCXlsft3 Sen @maziehirono meeting one of our #littlelobbyists born in HI. Thank you Senator for your support!pic.twitter.com/LPIlfGXisW "This bill will screw all of us — but particularly the oldest, poorest and sickest among us." @maziehirono #SaveOurCare #PeoplesFilibusterpic.twitter.com/OZXz9JrLAl My thoughts are with you and your ohana, @SenJohnMcCain. Wishing you a smooth recovery. Health care access affects an entire community. Wes lays out #Trumpcare's disastrous impact.   #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/y7wIUcrivX 5. 2pm Monday, 1st speaker: Sen @maziehirono, fighting cancer, fighting Trumpcare. Then @AlFranken. + vets, activists, more. I'll MC. COME!pic.twitter.com/3BULsfs4ET After he was paralyzed, Alivin relied on Medicaid to get the care he needed. Watch more at   #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/bkFJCpDyIU Hawaii residents are speaking out against #Trumpcare. Watch their stories at   #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/v8FYS5TeBl .@HHSGov awarded over $4 million to Hawaii's community health centers, but fight continues to ensure they have resources to help HI familiespic.twitter.com/k3ip4pebvT Trump's "Voter Integrity Commission" perpetuates his false claim of widespread voter fraud. I joined @CoryBooker today to fight back.pic.twitter.com/q1iwUhKgWA A free & open Internet is essential in a free society. We must all stand up to protect #netneutrality.pic.twitter.com/BfHe6x6ZhF Thank you Sen. @CoryBooker and Sen. @maziehirono for taking action on voter suppression. Watch here:  pic.twitter.com/xLcTichP82 When @realDonaldTrump said show us the evidence of collusion, I have to say, I didn't expect his son to answer. … We're fighting to make sure that everyone has access to cancer treatment. Great catching up with @JoeBiden on the @BidenCancer Initiativepic.twitter.com/TcdJSAjHd0 .@waimanalohealth's Dr. Lee is right- access is only access if it's affordable. That's what @SenateDems are fighting for #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/rDqQumrA5X The #ACAWorks for patients at @waimanalohealth. #Trumpcare would cut access to lifesaving care. #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/Mj9D8gVb1f Just about to leave for a follow up appointment, catching up on @nytimes. So great to hear from all of you. Will be back in the office soon!pic.twitter.com/gcXNAiveqX Happy Fourth of July! Hope that you and your ohana have a safe & fun #IndependenceDay. At home & catching up on news. #Trumpcare, #MuslimBan, voter registries- let's keep fighting this disaster of a President. Back home and doing well! After days of hospital food, looking forward to fried rice and a root beer float. Delayed vote is only 1st step. We must keep up energy & beat #Trumpcare for good. Looking forward to keeping up the fight. Sen. Hirono is in the recovery room after a successful surgery. Mahalo for your well wishes. -Staff I'll be back ASAP to keep up the fight against #Trumpcare. The stakes are too high to stay silent & we need you to continue speaking out.pic.twitter.com/nbMYGkgun9 Tomorrow, I'm having surgery to treat my cancer. But tonight, I'm with @SenateDems opposing #Trumpcare. Watch live   .@maziehirono: but I will be back as quickly as I can to keep up the fight against this mean, ugly bill. (2/2) .@maziehirono : Tomorrow I’m going in for surgery to remove the lesion I have on my rib (1/2) .@SenateDems to launch another health care talkathon Monday, led by @PattyMurray and @maziehirono … Jill's daughter Alison lives with Cystic Fibrosis. #Trumpcare could keep Alison from accessing lifesaving care #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/6drteTbdXi Marques, who lives with MS, is starting his own business. Under #Trumpcare, that wouldn't be possible. #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/oGSrUw9csE Ian & other cancer survivors live in fear of recurrence. Under #Trumpcare, they would also fear unaffordable treatment #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/ZKOR86miRK From the @StarAdvertiser Ed Board: Senate needs to hear what a bad decision #Trumpcare represents #AmericaSpeaksOut  …pic.twitter.com/91A6CjLmNF #MuslimBan still targets religion. But 3 Horsemen of the Apocalypse – Gorsuch, Alito & Thomas want to see their extreme agenda enacted.pic.twitter.com/TE8VJj0Qja #Trumpcare isn't health care – it's a tax cut for the wealthiest in our country on the backs of the poorest, oldest, and sickest.pic.twitter.com/90JCQKOM5Z Kushner wanted a secret line to the Kremlin & met with Russian bankers tied to Putin. So what's he doing with access to American secrets?pic.twitter.com/U1fP8szVtm In this week's Democratic Address, I shared what @SenateDems are fighting for – health care that is a right for every American.pic.twitter.com/dGfpwrAmOh On the 45th anniversary of #TitleIX, we remember & build on Patsy Mink's legacy of educational opportunity for all  pic.twitter.com/xCt5WkgvpB #Trumpcare would hurt Americans living with illnesses like #kidneycancer. As @POTUS says, that's mean. #kidneycancerday Breakthroughs in research wouldn't be able to exist w/out an + in funding. We must ensure programs get backing to get off the ground. … In Hawaii, we have a word for what Senate Republicans are doing with #Trumpcare. It's shibai- or as it's more widely known, B.S. .@ChrisVanHollen "Bottom line, this Senate Bill will harm people with pre-existing conditions.” #trumpcare #Trumpcare guts Medicaid and eliminates Medicaid expansion, depriving millions of Americans access to this critical program. "Millions of people in this country are very concerned about what this bill does." #msactivist @maziehironopic.twitter.com/nld8vhPAym Join us live as we discuss how #Trumpcare would hurt Americans with serious & chronic diseases   #AmericaSpeaksOut For Americans living with serious diseases, #Trumpcare's message is clear: you're on your own.   #AmericaSpeaksOut You've got this #Members! Let's get a W at this year's @CWSoftballGame! #cwsgpic.twitter.com/XfnoFLGYlp YES! "How the heck does he think he arrived on this earth?" @maziehirono on GOP members who "don't want to pay for prenatal care." .@maziehirono: on the floor now: "We will not return to a time when our very gender was considered a pre-existing condition" #ProtectOurCare >5M Americans have Alzheimer’s. #TrumpCare guts Medicaid and access to long-term care. Don't let this happen. #GoPurple Trump wants to cuts critical Alzheimer’s funding & services. We stand in support of Alzheimer's awareness. #GoPurplepic.twitter.com/BkhOzqNR5L .@SenJohnThune said that #Trumpcare meetings are "open to anybody." Name your time & place & I'll be there, but I'm not holding my breathpic.twitter.com/axrlC1A5xa Proud to introduce the #STRONGERPatents Act to protect US innovators w/ @TomCottonAR, @maziehirono & @SenatorDurbin   Mahalo, Shelley! I'll be there to cheer you on tonight. #CWSG … 