.@BetsyDeVosED's proposal to rescind the rule that allows students defrauded by for-profit colleges to have their student loans forgiven is further proof that Secretary DeVos would rather pad the pockets of for-profit colleges instead of help students. … You only need to hear one story of a teacher accidentally firing a gun in a classroom, leaving it where a child can get access to it, or threatening a child with a gun to know we need fewer firearms in schools—not more. … WATCH Senator Murray's FULL INTERVIEW with @mitchellreports about the latest allegations against Judge Kavanaugh ahead of Thursday's hearing with Dr. Ford:pic.twitter.com/GXdlqvjVo2 "We have an obligation to show this country we take allegations seriously & investigate them absolutely. They will be listened to & heard.  I plead with Senate Republicans to take a breath. Having someone on the court on October 1st is less important than getting this right.”pic.twitter.com/R01lisCo5D ICYMI: Full video of Senator Murray’s speech on the Senate floor discussing Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court … Republican leaders need to:  Listen to those coming forward to share their experiences. Investigate their allegations and the inconsistencies in Judge Kavanaugh’s statements  End this rush Do this right  Women & men are paying attention—they are not going to forget.pic.twitter.com/cBOn9UIuEE Will women coming forward to share the most horrific experiences of their lives be trusted? Will they be treated like liars? Will women like Caitlin, Dr. Ford, Ms. Ramirez and others—will they be respected & listened to—or told to remain quiet? Republicans need to do this right.pic.twitter.com/myDVObEAFb When I was back home in WA state, I met a woman named Caitlin who told me about her experience being sexually assaulted. She explained what happened after that—the lasting pain, the victim-blaming, the insults.  Caitlin is not alone and this needs to change. #BelieveSurvivorspic.twitter.com/sRENAtBTQN Republican leaders need to listen to the women coming forward to share their experiences and investigate their allegations and the inconsistencies in Judge Kavanaugh’s statements. They need to do this right.   PRESS RELEASE:  … Republicans are dismissing serious allegations against Judge Kavanaugh before a hearing. #BelieveSurvivorspic.twitter.com/f6Eea9cdqn TUNE IN: Senator Murray discusses the need to listen to and believe women ahead of Thursday's hearing with Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford with @mitchellreports on @MSNBC at 9am PST / 12pm EST “Republican leaders need to listen—truly listen—to the women coming forward to share their experiences. Republican leaders need to investigate—truly investigate—the allegations they are making.  They need to do this right. Women & men are watching—they are not going to forget.” “I decided to run for the Senate after I saw the Anita Hill hearings of 1991. I ran to be a voice for the women & men who thought it was absolutely wrong for her to be attacked & disbelieved. I ran for right here, in this moment—to make sure we never allow that to happen again.” “Is the Senate a place where women are listened to & respected? Is it still just one more place where women’s voices are swept under the rug? Will women like Caitlin, Dr. Ford, & Ms. Ramirez—will they be respected & heard—or will they be pushed aside—and told to remain quiet?” "Recently I met a woman named Caitlin who told me about her experience being sexually assaulted.  She said, 'I know going public with our stories opens us up to criticism.'  She shared her story so that it can help others—so that I can lift it up—make sure it's being heard.” Senator Murray is headed to the Senate floor RIGHT NOW to ask a simple question: Will the Senate listen to women, or will it sweep their voices under the rug? WATCH  … #BelieveSurvivors If Republicans try to jam Judge Kavanaugh's nomination through, if they refuse to listen to women, & if they mistreat survivors bravely telling their stories—they will face a wave of women & men across the country who will rise up & stand for survivors. … We need your voices—now more than ever—to let women and men around the country know that we #BelieveSurvivors. … When we saw what happened to Anita Hill—we rose up & we fought for change. Women will do the same if Dr. Ford & others are disrespected & mistreated.  We’re not going to stand for this again. #BelieveSurvivors … There is no reason not to have an FBI investigation. What are they trying to hide? … We need a full & fair investigation, we need Dr. Ford & all women to truly be listened to & heard. Republicans need to stop trying to rush this through.  Women are paying attention—Republicans need to get this right. Because right now, I have some serious concerns. President Trump & some Senate GOP want to jam Judge Kavanaugh onto the Supreme Court no matter what he's done & w/out all the facts.  This isn’t a box to check. Women & their experiences aren't things to be “plowed through.” Women—and all survivors—should be heard & respected. Republicans are already talking about rushing to a vote—before we even got to this hearing, before there is an investigation, and while women are sharing more stories.  It’s disgusting, it’s disgraceful—and women across the country are paying attention.  #BelieveSurvivors Senate Republicans are facing a key test right now: are they going to listen to women? Are they going to actually listen—hear what they say—treat them with respect—and truly investigate their claims?  This is not something that we can "plow right through." #BelieveSurvivorspic.twitter.com/VPiQEHjEbm I was the first U.S. Senator to be a mom & have kids at home when I came here. That pressure of being at work & being worried about your children has an impact on every parent that I know. That’s why the Child Care for Working Families Act is so important. #ChildCare4Allpic.twitter.com/0LgNSogSSr We are in a critical time—how the Senate handles survivors sharing their stories in 2018 will be a test that the Senate failed with Anita Hill in 1991. Judge Kavanaugh was nominated for the highest court in the land & it's important we get this right. … It only takes one story of a teacher accidentally firing a gun in a classroom, leaving a gun in a school bathroom, or threatening a child with a gun, to know we need fewer firearms in schools—not more.  I call on @BetsyDeVosED to end this dangerous proposal immediately. In the aftermath of many school shootings, we should be doing everything we can to address gun violence and make our schools safer. Unfortunately, Secretary @BetsyDeVosED is heading in the opposite direction by allowing schools to use federal funds to purchase guns for teachers. WATCH Senator Murray discusses Judge Kavanaugh, Dr. Ford’s sexual assault allegations, and why there should be an FBI investigation on @MeetThePress:  … #MTP No woman should be attacked or threatened for sharing her story of sexual assault. We, as a country, need to do better. If you need help, or someone to talk to, please reach out to the good people at @RAINN:   ICYMI: Senator Murray discussed the Supreme Court nomination, Dr. Ford’s sexual assault allegations, and the need to listen to women on @MeetThePress on Sunday:  … #MTP This should not be a "he said, she said" situation, which is exactly why we have been pressing for an FBI investigation and additional witnesses.   We can and must do better—for Dr. Ford and for all survivors. #BelieveSurvivors … Don’t listen to what Republicans say about protecting people with pre-existing conditions—watch what they do. That will tell you everything you need to know. … When women speak up about sexual assault, they should be listened to and supported, not bullied, attacked, or threatened. If you've been sexually assaulted and are looking for help, please visit @RAINN:   We need to do more to make sure women are financially secure—especially in retirement—and I'm looking for steps to do just that. This is why I want a study to make sure divorced women can receive the retirement benefits they are entitled to. … How Senate Republicans handle these allegations will be a test of how far we’ve come in 2018.   We can and should do better than the Senate did in 1991. Let's get this right. … WATCH discussion of Supreme Court seat and the need to listen to women on @MeetThePress here:  … #MTP When someone seeks help for sexual assault or harassment, they deserve immediate attention—even if it occurs at 35,000 feet.   Because of brave people like Allison who've shared their experiences, I'm stepping up to tackle this issue head-on in Congress. … As Senate Republicans are attacking Dr. Ford, the people at @RAINN and the National Sexual Assault Hotline are providing safe, confidential assistance to sexual assault survivors. If you need help, please contact them: 1-800-656-HOPE or   If Republicans jam this through, refuse to listen to women, & mistreat survivors—they will face a backlash the likes of which they have never seen before.  The country is changing. Women & men are saying #MeToo. We’re not going to stand for this again. #BelieveSurvivors We need your voices—loud and clear—now more than ever: #BelieveSurvivors  This shouldn’t be radical. This shouldn’t be controversial. It should be common sense. Because when someone like Dr. Ford shares her experience—she should be believed. It’s amazing to see so many women and men here in DC and across the country expressing solidarity with Dr. Ford and everyone sharing sexual assault experiences. #BelieveSurvivors NEW: Sen. Patty Murray cautioned Senate Republicans that their handling of allegation levied against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh will be a defining moment #MTP  pic.twitter.com/nlJiHLJ4fW WATCH: Sen. @PattyMurray says the Senate "failed the test in 1991 with Anita Hill that they could deal with this kind of allegation."   @pattymurray on hearings this week: "How the Senate handles this, and the Senate Republicans handle this, will be a test of this time." #MTPpic.twitter.com/TuR9Esopd6 The National Sexual Assault Hotline is free, confidential and available 24/7. To the women and men who have been sexually assaulted and are thinking of coming forward, I stand with you. Learn more here:   WATCH: Sen. @PattyMurray joins #MTP to discuss the upcoming hearings with Brett Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford.    pic.twitter.com/ZVWYF8nihf Sending positive vibes to the better Washington today, where @Seahawks have a big game on their home turf. Your #12s are rooting for you! #GoHawks! #DALvSEA  NEW: Sen. Patty Murray cautioned Senate Republicans that their handling of allegation levied against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh will be a defining moment. #MTP  pic.twitter.com/I8k0WAvfu3 The comments from President Trump and actions from Senate Republicans are exactly why women and men who have been sexually assaulted are afraid to speak up. If you need help, or someone to talk to, call the National Sexual Assault Hotline: 1-800-656-HOPE FULL INTERVIEW: Sen. @PattyMurray joins #MTP to discuss the upcoming hearings with Brett Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford.    pic.twitter.com/kcK0cb9oXx WATCH: @PattyMurray talks on why there should be an FBI investigation to look into Dr. Ford's allegation against Brett Kavanaugh. #MTP  Murray: "I have said many times that the Anita Hill hearing was a disaster, but they did have an FBI investigation."pic.twitter.com/teEz16MOac .@helenecooper: “I do agree with Senator Murray that you owe these women the presumption of innocence or at least to assume that they’re telling the truth, they're not making this up—which means that it is the Senate’s obligation to take this seriously..." #MTPpic.twitter.com/QnDdqJKpev “If the Senate plows through this, if it’s a hiccup, if they don’t do this right, there will be a tremendous backlash again.” #MTPpic.twitter.com/u7Z231ZnUi “How the Senate Republicans handle this in 2018, in the #MeToo movement—can we do better? And I fear we are failing that if we don’t do it correctly.” #MTPpic.twitter.com/2h976CWuH7 Sen. Murray: “The Anita Hill hearing was a disaster, but they did have an FBI investigation, they did have other witnesses—there were other ways to judge this. The Senate Republicans have taken this away.” #MTPpic.twitter.com/jbVbtzHw6A After the bungled Anita Hill hearings in 1991, women everywhere—incl. me—were inspired to fight for change.   If Republicans continue bullying Dr. Ford like we saw then, women across the US are going to rise up & Republicans are going to pay a huge price. … “The message that it’s a hiccup, that we’re going to plow right through this is exactly what we don’t want to hear today.” #MTPpic.twitter.com/zC0bfl8KQa “I sense that again…People saying he’s got the votes, we’re just going to deal with this ‘hiccup.’ That kind of conversation is what leads many people—women and men—saying they don’t get it, particularly now in the #MeToo movement.” #MTP Witnessing the bullying of Dr. Ford reminds me so much of the mistreatment Anita Hill endured after bravely coming forward to share her story.   I came into the US Senate because I didn’t want to see another woman—or any survivor—treated that way again. … "The Senate failed the test with Anita Hill in 1991... here we are today, how the Senate handles this and Senate Republicans handle this, will be a test of this time, this #metoo time," @PattyMurray says on hearing from Dr. Ford and Brett Kavanaugh this week. #MTP "That's the way the Senate Republicans have set this up: Do you believe her or do you believe him? That is exactly why we've been pressing for an FBI investigation," @PattyMurray says on the Senate hearing from Dr. Ford and Brett Kavanaugh this week. #MTP WATCH Senator Murray discuss the Supreme Court nomination, Dr. Ford's sexual assault allegations, and the need for full and fair investigation on @MeetThePress today at 10:30 am EST / 6 am PST #MTP TOMORROW: @PattyMurray, @sendavidperdue and @SecPompeo join @chucktodd on #MeetThePress. Tune in. #IfItsSundaypic.twitter.com/vqny7XNRAu TUNE IN: Senator Murray discusses the Supreme Court nomination, Dr. Ford's sexual assault allegations, and the need for full and fair investigation on @MeetThePress tomorrow at 10:30 am EST / 6 am PST #MTP Had a great & informative meeting with King County Board of Health’s Dr. Ben Danielson discussing his work treating women & children from underserved communities—looking forward to continuing to learn more about how we can prevent maternal mortality.pic.twitter.com/Ewo04rOKgp Now that Dr. Ford has formally agreed to come to Judiciary Committee hearing, all eyes are on Senate GOP to see how they treat a sexual assault survivor. The Senate failed test in ’91, we must do better now. –PM … Dr. Ford has made the brave decision to testify and share her experience of being sexually assaulted by Judge Kavanaugh. I hope Senate Republicans now agree to listen and treat her fairly and with respect. –PM … WATCH Senator Murray discuss the Supreme Court nomination, Dr. Ford's sexual assault allegations, and the need for full and fair investigation on @MeetThePress tomorrow at 10:30 am EST / 6 am PST—tune in! #MTP Welcome to WA, @SeattleSupt! So glad to connect and chat about the important work happening at @SeaPubSchools to prepare students for the future. … When women succeed, the country succeeds—and what better way to honor women than visiting a museum! Museums are a treasured resource for learners of all ages and I'm proud that 43 museums in WA will be participating in @smithsonian #MuseumDay today: … The Child Care for Working Families Act makes sure that parents do not pay more than they could afford for child care and would help our economy by creating 2.3 million jobs. #ChildCare4Allpic.twitter.com/bU4jn2UY8K This is extremely concerning. Republicans are scrambling to attack and undermine Dr. Ford to protect Judge Kavanaugh. It is wildly inappropriate and it needs to stop. … As a preschool teacher I taught my kids not to be bullies and to treat each other with respect. I wish Senate Republicans remembered some of those lessons! -PM When women speak up about sexual assault they should be listened to and supported, not bullied, rushed, or given artificial deadlines. Playing hardball political games with Dr. Ford is disgusting and needs to end. -PM .@BetsyDevosEd's policies will re-expose veterans to the predatory tactics of for-profit schools. That’s just wrong. Our country should always put veterans first, especially when it comes to corporations looking to make a buck regardless of who it hurts. … Because the Child Care for Working Families Act will help grow the economy, parents can have access to child care, work full-time, and work to their full potential. It will both create jobs in child care & give parents the economy security that they need. #ChildCare4Allpic.twitter.com/1X9wTaiSxk As the daughter of a WWII veteran, I support the GI Bill and our obligation to those were willing to sacrifice everything to defend our freedoms. I will continue to stand with veterans & servicemembers instead of predatory for-profit colleges. … What a fun time meeting tons of Washingtonians & witnessing the action at this year’s free health care clinic at @KeyArenaSeattle—thanks to your entire team for all you do to keep our community healthy, @SKCClinic!pic.twitter.com/b75WOahjUc When the President of the United States is already attacking Dr. Ford before she has even testified, I am very concerned that Senate is headed for an even worse and less fair process than Anita Hill hearings. -PM When women make the difficult decision to come forward to share their experience of being sexually assaulted, they should be listened to and believed, not dismissed, questioned, and attacked by the President or anyone else. -PM … I was one of four women elected to the Senate after the Anita Hill hearing—and I hoped that 27 years later it would be different. But Dr. Hill is being disrespected & disbelieved—and that's why I will keep standing by her side. … We have a responsibility to uphold the federal government’s commitments made to tribes. That's why I will continue to support efforts that break down barriers for Washington state tribes and spur economic development in all of our communities. … I have met with farmers & fruit growers across WA who told me how damaging a prolonged trade war would be for our state’s businesses & families.  President Trump’s approach is sowing uncertainty into our economy & threatening jobs. This is unacceptable. … As a longtime advocate for efforts to curb opioid addiction, I have traveled throughout WA for best practices to end opioid abuse. I am grateful that WA is receiving funding that it needs to help those at the frontlines of this awful epidemic. … If Senate GOP fails to give Dr. Ford a fair hearing, they're sending women across the country a clear message—if you have been assaulted or harassed by a powerful Republican, you better not talk about it or you’re going to pay a price. #IBelieveChristine … While I’m glad @NIH is acknowledging this problem, it must take concrete, proactive steps to stop sexual harassment and other discriminatory practices against researchers. More must be done to support working environments free from harassment. … As a mother & grandmother, I'm outraged by the pain & trauma that forced family separation has caused many innocent children. This heartbreak is the result of President Trump’s inhumane policy of separating families. We can’t let this happen on our watch. … Time & again Republicans have focused on rolling back protections for patients for pre-existing conditions. People across the country have rejected this backwards attempt to sabotage health care. We must continue to protect patients and families. … From securing federal funding to increases in mental health challenges, there is still considerable work to be done in #PuertoRico—one year after #HurricaneMaria.   We must continue to do all we can help our fellow Americans recover. … Dr. Ford—who is in hiding & facing death threats—has spoken clearly, and she should be believed. There is no reason for Republicans to attack her for reasonably requesting a basic level of fair treatment & human decency. This hearing should be delayed. … Had a great time hearing from Aneelah Afzali & learning more about the important work happening at the Muslim Association of Puget Sound to fight against President Trump’s reckless & shameful immigration policies, a concern for far too many families & communities across WA.pic.twitter.com/CpmNR9jZrQ We have heard Dr. Ford talk about her experience of being sexually assaulted by Judge Kavanaugh—now we are seeing Dr. Ford being attacked by Republican leaders intent on protecting Judge Kavanaugh & putting him on the Supreme Court, no matter what. … Like Professor Hill in 1991, Dr. Ford is being pressured into coming to a hearing just days after her story came out publicly—in an attempt to jam a Supreme Court nominee onto the bench. Republicans must delay this hearing & allow a full investigation. … I can't say this enough—being on an airplane does not mean the laws don’t apply. Sexual assault is still very much illegal. If someone breaks the law, we want to be sure survivors have the support and guidance they need to seek justice.pic.twitter.com/3eOr3zhRbK The SAFE Act requires airlines to implement training programs, establishes a task force to develop those requirements, requires data collection, & gives survivors clarity on how to report their attack.    This is an important step towards justice for survivors like Allison.pic.twitter.com/QlkWxq0hcT When someone seeks help for sexual assault or harassment—even if it’s at 35,000 feet—they deserve immediate help, not to mention respect and compassion, and the means to seek justice.pic.twitter.com/y1mrBzoXPV I’m grateful to be at @SeaTacAirport today with @PortOfSeattle Commissioner Courtney Gregoire, @AlaskaAir, @afa_cwa’s Terry Taylor, and the brave Allison Dvaladze to bring greater awareness to the important issue of sexual harassment & assault on airplanes. The attacks & threats against Dr. Ford are horrific and they are exactly the reason why she, and so many women in her position, are hesitant to speak up. But I want her and every other woman to know: I stand with you, I believe you, and I will fight for you. Senate Republicans are sending women who may have more experiences to share about Judge Kavanaugh or anyone else a loud & clear message: if you have been assaulted or harassed by a powerful Republican man, you better not talk about it or you’re going to pay a price. Dr. Ford should be listened to, believed, & treated w decency & respect. Senate Republicans should delay this hearing & allow a fair & full investigation—only then can we move forward w fair hearings that include all relevant witnesses. My statement here:  … Having first run for the Senate because of how Anita Hill was treated, it’s important to me that the Senate take these allegations seriously, and do an investigation before any hearing so that Senators have the information they need. #BelieveWomen  … Opioids The #MeToo movement has sparked greater awareness of sexual harassment & assault. But Republicans in the Judiciary Committee look exactly the same as full Committee in 1991: All men.    Women are watching. We’re not going to allow that to happen again. … I'm encouraged that @NIH has acknowledged they need to do more, but it is critical they take steps to hold grantees accountable for fostering inclusive environments. I’ll be watching closely to make sure they take serious action that has a real impact. … We’re calling for an full investigation, an assessment of the facts, and then a hearing with all relevant witnesses. Republican leaders should stop trying to rush Judge Kavanaugh into a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land. … The Land & Water Conservation Fund is one of our greatest tools to preserve our outdoor spaces. I will keep fighting to make sure the LWCF gets permanently authorized so that it can keep protecting our public spaces & create jobs in WA & nationwide. … Washington state is making strides to reduce the burden of student loan debt, but we must keep working to ensure every student, no matter where they live, is able to pursue a degree without taking on unmanageable levels of student debt.pic.twitter.com/z4a0eagoLj Dr. Ford first talked about her accusations publicly on Sunday. On Monday night, Republicans scheduled a hearing without talking to her, with no investigation or other relevant witnesses.  It's not 1991, it's 2018. We should be doing better. … We need an investigation into these allegations of a criminal act—only when that is completed should we bring Dr. Ford in for testimony & Judge Kavanaugh in again—along with other witnesses. This is a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land. … The Trump Administration's repeated moves to roll back rules will make climate change much worse for no reason other than to make life even easier for fossil fuel companies.   This is dangerous to WA and to the country. This is a big deal. … Scheduling a hearing a week from when Dr. Ford made her accusations public, and without an investigation, is an attempt to jam Judge Kavanaugh's nomination through. This is a test for the Senate on how we handle accusations like these—I hope we pass it. … Republican leaders need to do the right thing—if women & men believe someone who has courageously come forward isn’t being treated fairly, there will be a reaction. People across the country are going to rise up & make their voices heard. #BelieveWomen … The Opioid Crisis Response Act is a much-needed step forward to help those on the frontlines of this epidemic, including issues I heard about firsthand in Washington state. But we have a whole lot more work ahead to truly respond to this crisis. … Dr. Ford is under no obligation to participate in the Republican efforts to sweep the whole thing under the rug and to jam this nomination through.  This is what they did to Anita Hill in 1991. We must do better in 2018. … If Republicans attack Dr. Ford and this turns into what we saw in 1991—women across the country are going to rise up & they are going to make their voices heard.  Women are watching, and we’re not going to allow that to happen again. … We are not about to stand aside as President Trump and extreme Republicans roll back women’s rights.    We will not be still.  We will not be silent.  We will not go back.  We will stand up.  We will speak out.    #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/zw0RrKWTeU Women & men across the country share their stories—back-alley abortions, poor care, botched procedures, women who ended up unable to have children, and women who died.    Women’s rights are at stake, women’s health is at stake, and women's lives are at stake. #SaveSCOTUSpic.twitter.com/tSwkX9AuBD I am hoping that Republicans treat Dr. Ford fairly, work with us to investigate this accusation fully, and don’t try to jam Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination through. Because we know #WhatsAtStake for women’s rights with this Supreme Court nominee.   #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/of04qsWwG9 If Republicans attack Dr. Ford, women across the country are going to rise up & make their voices heard, & Republicans will pay a huge price.    This is a test for the Senate on how we handle sexual harassment & assault—and I am hoping that we are going to pass it. #BelieveWomenpic.twitter.com/m9dehmKdUk I ran for Senate because of the way Anita Hill was treated in 1991.   I am here today to speak up for all the women across the country who are watching now like I was then, and to make sure Republicans know we are not going to allow that to happen this time. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/JeJtprRjjp It’s wonderful to be in Seattle with Planned Parenthood’s @Allen_JenniferM, @NARAL’s @tiffanykins, and @caitrose609 to keep speaking out and standing up to the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.   #StopKavanaugh Join me, @SenatorCantwell, Planned Parenthood’s @Allen_JenniferM, @NARAL’s @tiffanykins, and the courageous  @caitrose609 in Seattle today as we continue to speak out against the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.  We must continue to fight for #WhatsAtStake. … For any woman facing sexual assault, know that you are not alone and that we stand with you. Here is one way to reach out to someone:    This is truly horrifying. Women should never be afraid to stand up and share their story and they should never be attacked for doing so. … So proud of these brave women and men standing together and speaking up against sexual assault and harassment in the workplace. I hear you and I stand with you. … When working on the Opioid Crisis Response Act, we heard about the many different faces of this epidemic and its root causes and ripple effects. I’m going to keep fighting for more solutions for families in Washington state and across the country. … Scheduling a hearing for Monday, a week after Dr. Ford made her accusations public, is a shameful attempt to jam this through without giving anyone the time they need to investigate and put together the questions that need to be asked. … The Opioid Crisis Response Act is a result of the Senate working together to create legislation that looks for common ground and common sense solutions for families on the frontlines of the opioid epidemic. … From lack of access to health services to disease outbreaks, Hurricane #Florence is endangering the health of countless people. There is considerable work to be done to respond to this public health crisis & ensure the situation does not become direr. … People in Washington are seeing the impacts of President Trump’s trade war. That's why I will continue working to put an end to these tariffs and continue to call for trade deals that work for everyone—our growers, exporters, & workers.    … I’m glad the Senate came together to pass the Opioid Crisis Response Act, which includes care for children born to mothers battling addiction. This is a long-overdue step forward to help address this epidemic that’s impacting so many people and families. … We should be doing more, not less, to keep dangerous greenhouse gases out of our atmosphere & reverse the impact of climate change on our environment—if for no other reason than we should care more about people & public health than increasing profits for Big Oil & Gas. As wildfires & weather events grow more & more dangerous due to climate change, threatening families in WA & nationwide, the Trump Administration’s repeated moves to roll back rules meant to protect our air & environment are beyond reckless. … I ran for the Senate after watching the awful way Anita Hill was treated by an all-male Judiciary Committee during now-Justice Thomas’ confirmation hearing in 1991. I’m urging my Republican colleagues to not repeat the same mistakes in 2018. … This week’s Judiciary Committee vote on Judge Kavanaugh should be delayed. This is not a difficult decision. The fact is that Senators have new information about a potential crime committed by a Supreme Court nominee and an accuser who has come forward. … I am here today to say: once again, women are watching, and we’re not going to allow that to happen again.pic.twitter.com/gcUTDEoVcg I'm glad that Chairman Grassley has started to listen to members telling him he can’t simply sweep  allegations against Judge Kavanaugh under the rug.   It’s not just going to go away, and I am glad Republican leaders are starting to realize that. We must listen to Professor Ford. We must treat this survivor with empathy. We must evaluate this new information. Anything less for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court would be an abdication of the Senate’s constitutional role and it would be absolutely wrong. We cannot allow Republicans to attack Dr. Ford in a misguided attempt to protect Judge Kavanaugh and put politics ahead of their jobs as United States Senators, and I urge all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to put a stop to it wherever they see it. Women who come forward should be listened to, heard, and believed—and investigations and all appropriate actions should be taken once they have come forward to share their experiences. An all-male Judiciary committee dropped the ball in 1991, and we cannot allow an all-male Republican side of the Judiciary Committee do the same in 2018. … Happy Birthday @usairforce! Thank you for your hard work and service in keeping our country safe. I am grateful for your continual sacrifice to protect the American people. Transparency can do a lot to help patients and families, but it’s not enough on its own to fix President Trump’s health care sabotage. We need common sense solutions that actually make a difference, drive down costs, and roll back the damage President Trump has done. We know transparency can help make improvements in health care, but unfortunately instead of increasing transparency President Trump’s sabotage has only increased chaos and made it harder for families to get the care they need. … I was motivated to run for the Senate after watching the truly awful way Anita Hill was treated by an all-male Judiciary Committee interrogating her about the now-Justice Clarence Thomas.   It was wrong in 1991. It’s wrong in 2018 and we must do better this time. Acting Director Mick Mulvaney has a lot of questions to answer following the resignation of the CFPB student loan watchdog. We must investigate the alarming concerns and evaluate the CFPB's plans for protecting student loan borrowers. … I urge my colleagues to listen to what Professor Ford has to say and to focus on what this should mean for our evaluation of who we want on our Supreme Court.    We can do better than we did in 1991—and we must in 2018. … There is no urgency to fill this seat before October. Republicans held a Supreme Court seat open for more than a year all to prevent President Obama from fulfilling his constitutional role. Surely we can take the time we need now in order to fulfill OUR constitutional role. Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination needs to be delayed—we absolutely cannot go forward with a vote this Thursday. The idea that this nomination would be jammed through given what we know now is almost unthinkable and would be shameful and wrong. Last year, Hurricane Maria ravaged #PuertoRico—leaving at least 3.4M Americans with no power, decimating countless structures, & claiming the lives of at least 16.    Contrary to what President Trump says, there is still so much work to be done. … Once again, Republicans and Democrats came together to reject @BetsyDeVosED’s proposed cuts to higher education. This is a good step forward—and I’m going to keep fighting to make college more affordable for all students across the country. … "I wish we had a health care system that valued black women’s bodies so that I didn’t have to worry about dying during childbirth or after."   I’m going to keep fighting for all women to make sure we don’t move backwards on women's health. #StopKavanaugh … My thoughts are with everyone affected by Hurricane #Florence, including the brave first responders who have saved countless lives in recent days. As a country, we must do all we can to help families recover and rebuild. Even as I keep working to get the Opioid Crisis Response Act over the finish line and signed into law, I’m going to keep fighting for more support, resources, and solutions for families across Washington state and the country. While the Opioid Crisis Response Act is an important bipartisan step in addressing this national tragedy this is an ongoing crisis, meaning our efforts to fight it must be ongoing too. I'm heading to the Senate floor to talk about my bipartisan agreement and the Opioid Crisis Response Act which the Senate just passed to help communities and families on the frontlines of the opioid epidemic. This week’s Judiciary Committee vote on Judge Kavanaugh should be delayed. This is not a difficult decision. The fact is that Senators have new information about a potential crime committed by a Supreme Court nominee and an accuser who has come forward. … By slashing the number of refugees allowed in the U.S., the Trump Admin is abandoning American values and our role in the global community. Scapegoating families fleeing horrific violence is shameful, wrong, and runs counter to national security expert recommendations. … We're making progress, but we have considerable work to do. Opioids are an ongoing crisis, meaning our investments to fight them must also be ongoing—I’m going to keep working to get more common sense steps over the finish line for our communities. … As the most trade dependent state in the nation, Trump’s new tariffs pose a threat to Washington state’s economy, as well as millions of families.    I will continue working to put an end to these tariffs and fight for trade deals that work for everyone. … After seeing the awful way Anita Hill was treated by an all-male Judiciary Committee about the now-Justice Clarence Thomas, I was inspired to run for the Senate.   We must stand up for women like Professor Ford—women who speak up & share their stories. … It would be inconceivable & abhorrent to hold a vote on this nominee in the coming days—we need time to evaluate this new information and give it the scrutiny it deserves. Anything less would be an absolute abdication of the Senate’s constitutional advice & consent role. The fact is that Senators now have new information about a potential crime committed by a nominee for the highest court in the land and an accuser who has come forward with details of the alleged criminal act. This week’s Judiciary Committee vote on Judge Kavanaugh should be delayed. It’s not a debatable or difficult decision. I want to thank Prof. Ford for her bravery. I can only imagine the trauma & heartache involved in sharing & reliving a sexual assault like this—she should know that I and millions of people are standing by her side and stand ready to help however we can. … Under Judge Kavanaugh’s vision for our country, a woman’s ability to get reproductive health care would overwhelmingly depend, like it did before Roe, on whether she could afford it, and therefore, disproportionately on her race and zip code as well. Reminder: Women are 80 percent more likely to face poverty in retirement than men. I'm reintroducing the Women’s Pension Protection Act which tackles the difficulties that women and their families often encounter in preparing for retirement.   … Economic equality and security for women means tackling the barriers they face in the workforce and in retirement. I'm reintroducing the Women's Pension Protection Act to help address the challenges that impact women as they plan for their futures.   … The Child Care for Working Families Act will ensure parents aren’t forced to pay more than they can afford for child care while improving access to high-quality preschool for low- and middle-income children. Child care is not a luxury—it's essential. #ChildCare4All "We have parents who go to work every day & are worried about whether their kids have child care—they're left home alone or they can't increase their own pay because they don't have access to child care. This is a national emergency."   #ChildCare4All … The Child Care for Working Families Act addresses our child care crisis and supports access to high-quality preschool. This is not only the right to thing to for working families, but it’s a smart investment in our children, our future, and our economy. #ChildCare4All As a former preschool teacher, I know what early learning and child care can do for a child’s development – that’s why I believe every family should have access to high-quality, affordable child care. #ChildCare4Allpic.twitter.com/syA1g0tKJ9 #ChildCare4All is not only the right thing to do for working families, but it’s a smart investment for our children, our future, and our economy. … Far too many working families are struggling to find quality child care. The Child Care for Working Families Act will bring high quality, affordable child care to those who need it the most. … Student loan borrowers pleaded with @BetsyDeVos to help them with debt and she prioritized the bottom lines of corporations. This is a clear sign that Secretary DeVos will allow predatory for-profit colleges to continue to mislead and defraud students.   … While I’m encouraged to see the FDA stepping up enforcement, action on this issue is long overdue. I’m going to keep pushing for additional strong action to protect our children and fight the epidemic of tobacco use among youth.   … The Child Care for Working Families Act will ensure parents won't pay more than they can for child care while improving access to high-quality preschool for low- and middle-income children. This is a national crisis. We must stand up for our children. … As a former preschool teacher, I know the first years of a child’s life are critical, yet many working families across our country don’t have the resources. This is unacceptable—high quality, affordable child care should be available to all families. … As a mother & a grandmother, it’s hard to fathom the anguish of being separated from your child without a goodbye or without knowing where they are. I’m going to keep demanding answers & keep doing all I can to hold the Trump Administration accountable.   … We must support our working families & invest in our children and their futures. The Child Care for Working Families Act addresses our child care crisis & supports access to high-quality preschool so that all children are ready for kindergarten & beyond. … This is so important—which is why I will never back down fighting for our priorities whether it’s cleaning up Hanford or providing services to the hundreds of thousands of veterans and their families who call Washington state home. … Sadly, and contrary to what President Trump would like us to believe, new figures show that thousands of #PuertoRico residents lost their lives as a result of Hurricane Maria. We must do all we can to help our fellow Americans recover. President Trump has been trying to use every tool at his disposal to sabotage families’ health care, and the Supreme Court is no exception. #StopKavanaugh If you believe in women’s constitutionally protected rights and freedoms, protections for workers, our environment, voting rights, and so much more, make your voice heard. … Reminder: once again Secretary @BetsyDeVosED is sending a clear sign that she is putting for-profit colleges ahead of students. This is unacceptable. … What an outstanding series—so proud of our 2018 #WNBAFinals champions, @seattlestorm! Congratulations on a job well done & bringing home another trophy to add to the collection! #WeRepSeattle By allowing schools to use federal funds to buy firearms, @BetsyDeVosED is making our schools more dangerous and our students less safe. I’m going to keep fighting this deeply harmful proposal every step of the way. … We must not forget that by confirming Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, #NetNeutrality could also be impacted. I will continue fighting and doing all I can to #StopKavanaugh and to keep the internet free and open. … By taking ideas from all sides of the aisle and focusing on the root causes and ripple effects of the opioid epidemic, we’ve crafted a bipartisan bill to address this nationwide crisis, expand access to addiction treatment, & prevent substance misuse. … I am proud that Democrats & Republicans came together to reject President Trump’s shortsighted agenda and secured this strong investment that moves us closer to the federal government’s moral & legal obligation to the Hanford cleanup and the Tri-Cities. … It’s not surprising that @BetsyDeVosED would have the gall to try to sneak guns into schools through a program intended to support students and provide academic enrichment opportunities, but I’m going to stand with students, teachers, and parents across the country to fight it. What we saw in the hearings & some of the secret documents that have come to light confirm what we suspected: If confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh would overturn Roe, end protections for pre-existing conditions, & swing the balance of the Court for a generation to come. #WhatsAtStake A vote for Judge Kavanaugh is a vote for Secretary DeVos’ extreme education privatization agenda. … After an amazing season, wishing WA’s hometown basketball heroes @seattlestorm the best of luck as you compete in this year’s #WNBAFinals—bring home another championship! #WeRepSeattle Make your voice heard and make it clear to Senate Republicans that you care about your rights and freedoms and that you need them to stand with you and oppose Judge Kavanaugh — someone who would move our country so far in the wrong direction. The communities and families of the opioid crisis want serious action to address the full range of challenges they face, and I’m glad so many members on both sides came together to agree on some common sense solutions that will help address this crisis. … Judge Kavanaugh would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. People are sharing stories from the days before & after Roe because they know #WhatsAtStake. Don’t just listen to his rhetoric—look at his actions—and that will tell you everything you need to know. … "I think about my daughter every day, and I think about what she deserves. I’m going to give that to every kid."   @_MrHand, thank you for your dedication to your students & congratulations on being named WA’s 2019 Teacher of the Year! #WAToTY #WAedu … We still have a lot of work to do to address the root causes and ripple effects of the opioid crisis, but this is a good step forward in doing all we can to stop opioids from coming into our country from China and other foreign manufacturers. … Every student deserves the right to learn in a safe environment, and it’s shameful and appalling that @BetsyDeVosEd is considering such a big step backward when it comes to finally addressing our nation’s campus sexual assault crisis. … People across the country are speaking out against Judge Kavanaugh, who would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade and end protections for patients with pre-existing conditions. They know what's at stake and I’m calling on Republicans to listen. #StopKavanaugh … The Trump Administration’s latest proposal would make it easier to release methane into the air we breathe. This would be another example of putting the bottom lines of special interests before the health and well-being of people and families. … Despite what the White House would have us believe, this is not a country that wants to follow President Trump, Vice President Pence, and five male Supreme Court justices back to 1972. But the only way to stop this from happening is for people to take action. #StopKavanaugh At one of our nation’s darkest hours we saw the best of who we are, with people nationwide doing what was needed to help neighbors thousands of miles away in distress. It is that sense of country & shared pride – that no matter the challenge, we’re all in this together.pic.twitter.com/JbekJSwt1Y Roe, and the rulings that have upheld it, make clear what women across the country know at their core to be true: that reproductive freedom is essential to a woman’s ability to control her future. #StopKavanagh Today, we pause to remember the lives of all of those we lost to tragedy 17 years ago & to honor the enduring legacy of so many, including brave first-responders, whose impact providing aid & comfort in the hours, days, & weeks after that horrific attack won't be forgotten.pic.twitter.com/Iq6ICKLqhQ I appreciate @ChrisMurphyCT leading the charge calling for @BetsyDevosED to testify on allowing schools to use federal money to buy guns. This isn't what these funds are meant for & more guns in the classroom will only make students & teachers less safe. … This latest proposal by Secretary DeVos’ would be just another step in the Trump Administration’s long pattern of putting for-profit colleges ahead of students. Plain and simple. … President Trump’s reckless trade wars are hurting growers, the economy, and families in Washington state and across the country who are seeing the costs of everyday goods go up. … .@BetsyDeVosED has a clear responsibility to protect students, but this most recent proposal will only increase the risk of leaving students & taxpayers to foot the bill while executives at collapsing institutions walked away with millions in profits. … Last week, Judge Kavanaugh showed us once again his extreme views on women's health and reproductive rights. Another reminder of #WhatsAtStake with this nomination and why we can’t stop fighting. … I have joined my Senate Democratic colleagues in pushing for the release of Judge Kavanaugh’s full record by the White House. This is a lifetime appointment—the American people have the right to know the truth. #StopKavanaugh … ICYMI: There is no scientific evidence that some contraceptives are "abortion-inducing.” Women’s access to health care is #WhatsAtStake with this nomination. … With this move, @BetsyDeVosED is once again putting the bottom lines of for-profit colleges ahead of students. I’m going to keep calling on the Department of Education to reverse course and withdraw this highly misguided proposal. … President Trump is cruelly misguided if he thinks the problem here is that his Administration can't detain children long enough. … Families do not want to go back to the time when they couldn’t get the care they need, when insurers could discriminate against pre-existing conditions, and when insurance companies have all the power. That’s why they are speaking out against Judge Kavanaugh. At a time when the vast majority of Americans are asking for common sense safety measures, we cannot overlook Judge Kavanaugh’s troubling record on guns. Keep making your voices heard to stop this nomination. ICYMI: @SenKamalaHarris asked Judge Kavanaugh if he could name any laws that the government has power to make over the male body. He couldn’t. #StopKavanaugh … We will not be silent. We will keep sharing our stories. We will keep fighting to #StopKavanaugh. If you have a story about why Roe and women’s reproductive health and rights matter in our country, share it:  … We cannot forget that Judge Kavanaugh, in a 2009 law review article, suggested that a sitting president shouldn’t be subjected to criminal investigation or civil or criminal litigation. #WhatsAtStake Make no mistake, in the Supreme Court fight, families’ health care and protections for people with pre-existing conditions are at stake. Families across the country know this isn’t a matter of partisan politics—it’s a matter of life and death. It’s no wonder the NRA immediately applauded this nomination. Judge Kavanaugh has taken a far more expansive interpretation of the 2nd Amendment, and has vigorously argued that assault weapon bans are unconstitutional. #StopKavanagh Judge Kavanaugh thinks he can fool women into thinking their rights and freedoms are safe. Roe is settled law only until someone like Judge Kavanaugh and four other ideological justices on the Supreme Court come along to overturn it. #WhatsAtStake … “What happens to those who cannot pay for their birth control, what happens to those who face an impossible choice between getting the health care they need and putting food on the table... If judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, access to affordable birth control will be in jeopardy.”pic.twitter.com/jmd7pxkzLB Alicia is a pastor in Indiana who was denied access to contraception by a health insurance company because of its religious views. She was in the Senate to share her story & make her voice heard against Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation & his extreme views on women’s health & rightspic.twitter.com/FCpZJWuibV Judge Kavanaugh’s position is extreme and out of touch with the majority of Americans who’ve seen gun violence devastate their communities, from their schools and churches, to their shopping malls and concert venues. It was an honor to speak with Spokane, WA native and @NASA astronaut @AstroAnnimal yesterday! Thank you for your service in the @USArmy and for your commitment to exploring the ultimate frontier. Good luck on your launch into space on December 20! “If Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed to the Supreme Court, I fear that many women -- especially those who can least afford it -- will not get access to affordable birth control because of their employers religious beliefs.”pic.twitter.com/zIdtwPlNxR Today is day 4 of Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing & we’ll hear from real people, w/ real stories who will be deeply impacted by his extreme views on women’s health & rights, health care, guns, executive power, & more if he is confirmed.  Keep making your voices heard to #StopKavanaugh A ruling, even one as important as Roe, is settled law and precedent only until someone like Judge Kavanaugh and four other ideological justices on the Supreme Court come along to overturn it. We knew it before—but this new document absolutely confirms our biggest fears when it comes to Judge Kavanaugh’s views on women’s health and rights. Women everywhere should be very concerned. … Judge Kavanaugh personally highlighted that precedent can be overturned. And he was literally counting the number of Judges who stand ready to overturn Roe v. Wade. … Women’s rights, health, economic security, and lives are #WhatsAtStake if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed to the Supreme Court. We know that extreme Republicans and far-right groups are giving him the green light to overturn Roe v. Wade—but this country will not move backwards.pic.twitter.com/MV6c4kTU4k Kavanaugh just referred to birth control as "abortion-inducing drugs," which is not only an anti-science lie, it's an anti-choice extremist phrase that shows that our right to access both abortion and contraception would be in SERIOUS danger if he is confirmed. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/TWqaU0YjmH Courageous women from across the country joined me and my Senate Colleagues @SenDuckworth @SenTinaSmith today to highlight #WhatsAtStake for millions of women with the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. WATCH AGAIN BELOW.pic.twitter.com/oqXcQ9Z7cf Brave women from across the country are sharing personal stories because they understand how important the fight is to make sure that Judge Kavanaugh isn’t confirmed to the Supreme Court. We will continue to make it clear #WhatsAtStake for families in this fight. We will not let this country forget what it was like in the dark days when women didn’t have the right to make their own decisions about their own bodies—back-alley abortions, botched procedures, and women who have died. We will keep speaking out and we will keep fighting.pic.twitter.com/CHRKe9M9Et Judge Kavanaugh has been pretending that he wouldn’t overturn Roe v. Wade by hiding behind the idea that it’s “settled law” and “precedent.” This new document confirms our worst fears. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/3Y10584hAc New documents we saw today confirmed our worst fears when it comes to Judge Kavanaugh’s views on women’s health & rights. What else are Republicans hiding? What else have we not been allowed to see? I’m joining the call for more to be released—the American people deserve to know. … Republicans are trying to confirm a judge who was vetted by far-right groups & who is determined to keep President Trump’s promise to overturn Roe. We will not stand by & let them roll back women’s rights. We will stand up, speak out, and share our stories. We will keep fighting.pic.twitter.com/L2N4WA4h85 I’m about to join @PattyMurray & @SenTinaSmith & women from across the country to discuss #WhatsAtStake for women’s health with the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. You can watch online here: … Brave women from across the country are joining me and my Senate colleagues @SenDuckworth @SenTinaSmith today to sound the alarm on #WhatsAtStake for millions of women with the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. Tune in. … BIG NEWS: Newly released document makes it clearer than ever that Judge Kavanaugh would overturn Roe. I'll be talking about this with women and advocates at 11ET → … A critical reminder about #WhatsAtStake if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed to the Supreme Court → “Kavanaugh would create a conservative majority that could be more willing to uphold state restrictions on abortion, if not overturn Roe v. Wade” … Under Judge Kavanaugh’s vision for our country, a woman’s ability to get reproductive health care would overwhelmingly depend, like it did before Roe, on whether she could afford it, and therefore, disproportionately on her race and zip code as well. #WhatsAtStake Judge Kavanaugh does not have the breadth of life experience or the ability to walk in someone else’s shoes that a Supreme Court nominee should have. We must continue to fight his nomination and to #SaveRoe.pic.twitter.com/tuI1KUe8nO We should continue to do everything that we can to stop the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to #SaveRoe and to uphold what we know to be true — reproductive freedom is essential to a woman’s ability to control her future.pic.twitter.com/qXlw3dlQiC Republicans are doing everything possible, using every tool they have, to undermine health care for families and take away protections for people with pre-existing conditions. … One year ago, President Trump & AG Sessions made the decision to pull the rug out from under 800,000 DREAMers by ending the #DACA program.   Today, let’s recommit to continuing to fight to protect DREAMers & all those who call America home. Reproductive freedom means women are more able to participate equally and fully in our country. We must keep working together to stop Judge Kavanaugh and to #SaveRoe.pic.twitter.com/MIoyZuyVPA Not so fast. Not on our watch. Republicans are hoping that no one is going to notice. They’re refusing to release most of Judge Kavanaugh’s record—and they’re hoping that people aren’t paying attention. We cannot let that happen.   #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/wJAOff7Xzn – bei United States Capitol Building From his attacks on Mueller, to his praise for Putin, every American should be deeply concerned about President Trump putting someone on the Supreme Court who is prepared to protect him from legal attack and do his bidding. … If you believe that executive power is not unilateral, and that real checks and balances are required— reject Judge Kavanaugh. Make your voice heard to demand someone who will clearly and unequivocally make sure that continues to be a reality. Families do not want to go back to the time when they couldn’t get the care they need, when insurers could discriminate against pre-existing conditions, and when insurance companies have all the power. That’s why they are speaking out against Judge Kavanaugh. Today is day two of Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing. Don't stop making your voices heard. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/ZilGIKxfoU The health care rights of women.   Protections for patients w/ pre-existing conditions.   The environment.   Civil rights.   Disability rights.   Our schools.   The rights of workers.   The security of elections.   Voting rights.   The list goes on.   #WhatsAtStake Republicans are hoping nobody will notice. They are refusing to release the documents. They are hoping that people aren’t paying attention.   We have to keep fighting!pic.twitter.com/MrJi8j0Pg8 If you have a story that shows why reproductive rights matter in our country, share it.  The time is now.   Keep speaking up for #WhatsAtStake This couldn’t be more important.   We need your voices more than ever. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/nlrZFFbCv9 We know Judge #Kavanaugh won’t be a Justice who will vote to uphold women’s Constitutionally protected rights and her freedoms. That and so much more is #WhatsAtStake with this nomination. President Trump made it absolutely clear that he would nominate Supreme Court justices who would strike down health care for families across the nation—then he nominated Judge Kavanaugh. I urge anyone — woman or man — who is concerned right now to make that clear — loudly and immediately. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/8Qo7vG3b5U .@SenatorLeahy calls out Senate Republicans on the Kavanaugh nomination: “any claim that this has been a thorough, transparent process is downright Orwellian. This is the most incomplete, most partisan, least transparent vetting for any Supreme Court nominee I have ever seen.”pic.twitter.com/X47UIHr5ZU Reminder: The Senate still has yet to see most of Judge Kavanaugh’s record, & just last night Republicans released 42,000 pages of WH documents. The American people deserve more time to review Kavanaugh's record & decisions he made regarding women’s health, health care, & more. Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearing starts today, and women’s constitutionally protected freedoms hang in the balance. … Senate Republicans demanded they be able to review materials and questions to review Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination.  .@maziehirono calls them out: “That is unprecedented. That is not regular order.”pic.twitter.com/7yhWmxTsVO Brett Kavanaugh worked in the Bush White House for 5 years. Issues like torture, warrantless wiretapping and signing statements were routinely discussed and acted upon. Women's reproductive rights were front and center. We need documents to understand his role. #WhatAreTheyHiding Today, Republicans are starting confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominee Judge Kavanaugh. If you believe in women’s constitutionally protected health care freedoms, protections for workers, our environment, voting rights, and so much more, make your voice heard NOW. This is outrageous. 42,000 documents released just hours before his confirmation hearing begins.   There is too much at stake with this nomination. We have to keep making our voices heard. … This is about Roe.  This is about health care.  This is about our environment.  This is about our democracy & the rights & freedoms of millions of people in WA & across the nation…   It’s all on the line. Raise your voice. #StopKavanaugh. The longer President Trump’s trade wars drag on, the more communities in WA suffer real consequences. President Trump must resolve these trade disputes—& quickly. … More proof that President Trump’s environmental agenda is more about increasing profits for wealthy special interests than protecting public health or creating good jobs. … On this Labor Day, it's important to remember what's at stake for workers and why we must keep fighting to protect workers' rights and expand the middle class. WA’s cherry growers are already feeling the brutal impact of President Trump’s trade wars—all the more reason for the Trump Administration to bring an end to its trade disputes & make our economy work for our farmers & ag producers. … Good Labor Day read on what Trump's Supreme Court pick would mean for workers → “Everything we know about Justice Kavanaugh’s record leads us to believe he would operate under a pro-corporation agenda over workers’ rights, over civil rights, and more." … This latest move from President Trump to block even more of Judge Kavanuagh’s full record from the public just days before his confirmation hearing is even more reason to stop this entire process in its tracks. There’s simply too much at stake. … Republicans have blocked most of Judge Kavanaugh’s record from the public, & now the WH wants to withhold hundreds of thousands of additional documents.  This process gets more shameful by the day. Keep making your voices heard to #StopKavanaugh. … Using federal funds to arm teachers in our schools isn’t what students or parents want, what our teachers want, or what Congress intended.  There are better ways to keep our kids safe—period. … This editorial from @EverettHerald hits the nail squarely on the head → “There are other solutions to increasing safety that don’t turn schools into armed camps. Putting more ‘good guys with guns’ into schools would actually make our children less safe.” … Extremely disappointed that @BetsyDeVosED is moving forward with this awful plan to allow federal funds to be used to arm teachers. I hope she reconsiders and we need to keep pressure on her until she does. … Washington state is leading the way in building an economy that works for all, through higher and more fair wages, worker protections, and the right to organize. #BestStatestoWork  … It was an honor to pay my highest respect to an American hero, John McCain, in Arizona today. May he rest in peace. -PM Judge Kavanaugh has previously expressed the belief that if a woman’s employer doesn’t believe in birth control, that employer shouldn’t even have to fill out a one-page form to allow the woman to get birth control coverage directly from her insurer. Women deserve so much better. More than 500 children and their parents continue to suffer from the ongoing and unresolved family separation crisis. It’s past time the Trump administration put an end to this humanitarian crisis. #FamiliesBelongTogether We have to keep doing everything we can to stop this Supreme Court nominee to #SaveRoe and protect women’s access to care.pic.twitter.com/CJZ2LvHWYT Despite what the White House would have us believe, this is not a country that wants to follow President Trump, Vice President Pence, and five male Supreme Court justices back to 1972. #SaveRoe It’s shameful and appalling that  @BetsyDeVosED is still considering issuing a rule would make it harder for students to seek justice if they’ve been sexually assaulted on campus. … Given that the #Title X program has implications for both the health and economic well-being of millions, it's important for the Trump Administration to delay implementation of their proposed changes until a more complete estimate of the impacts are clear. Yesterday, I wrote a letter to @SecAzar asking him to take a close look the impacts the Trump Admin’s proposed #TitleX rule changes. The millions of women & families who rely on Title X-funded care centers for the care they need deserve answers.pic.twitter.com/3XnIAlXfOb It would be a disgraceful for Republicans to schedule hearings on President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee as they continue to block the release of Judge Kavanuagh’s full record—especially as the cloud of corruption surrounding President Trump grows by the day. There is no reason for Republicans to rush this Supreme Court nominee through given that President Trump appears to be an unindicted co-conspirator of a federal crime and the Supreme Court may soon have to take up a case related to his potential crimes and corruption. Trump Administration officials are hoping we forgot there are still 500+ kids in our government’s care who were needlessly separated from their parents due to President Trump’s cruel ‘zero-tolerance’ family separation policy.   We haven’t—& we won’t stop demanding answers. Thousands of people across the country are making their voices heard against Judge Kavanaugh. We have to keep it up. There’s too much at stake. … People and families across the country have been making their voices heard for all that hangs in the balance with Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation. Have you?pic.twitter.com/9jjZKgPQRM Good op-ed on how WA cherry growers are suffering the pains of President Trump’s trade disputes: “While the president has justifiable concerns over current trade agreements…it would be wise to slow down & consider the collateral damage which is occurring” … New report confirms that the Trump Administration’s sabotage of health care is driving up costs for patients and families and leaving more people without the health coverage they need. … I believed President Trump when he said he was determined to undermine patients’ health care in order to satisfy right-wing special interests. Health care coverage, especially for people with pre-existing conditions, is on the line with this nomination. Once again, the Trump Administration is putting the profits of corporations ahead of students and student loan borrowers. … Millions of student loan borrowers rely on the @CFPB to help protect them from predatory student loan companies. But the Trump Administration continues to shirk their responsibility to struggling students. This is unacceptable. … I will never forget my time working with John in the Senate. Whether it was side-by-side, or on opposite sides, he earned my respect every time and I truly believe the Congress and our country are both better places for his life’s work. We lost a giant tonight. Perhaps no figure in my lifetime better represents someone so dedicated to his country than John McCain, who redefined what it meant to serve & who will always be a role model for respect, courage, & the duty to something greater than oneself. My thoughts and prayers go out to the McCain family. May they find comfort knowing that John’s courage and sacrifice forever shaped the great country he loved so dearly. -PM The Senate still has yet to see a large majority of Judge Kavanaugh’s record, and people and families deserve to know more before Senate Republicans jam this Supreme Court nominee through. Using these funds to add more firearms into schools is not only the opposite of what Congress intended, it is wrong and will make schools more dangerous and students less safe. … Today, Senate Republicans attempted once again to defund @PPFA & roll back access to health care for millions of women nationwide. They failed, but we are reminded once again of all that's at stake for women’s health in the upcoming weeks & months. We have to keep fighting. It’s not surprising that @BetsyDeVosEd would have the gall to try to sneak guns into schools through a program intended to support students and provide academic enrichment opportunities, but I’m going to stand with students, teachers, and parents across the country to fight it. … Using these funds to add more firearms into schools is not only the opposite of what Congress intended, it is wrong and will make schools more dangerous and students less safe. … It’s well past time @BetsyDeVosED stops bowing down to the gun lobby and starts following the law and listening to the parents and students she is supposed to be working for. Spread the word -   The Dept of Ed funding bill is on the floor right now and I’m introducing a last minute emergency amendment today to stop Devos’s plan to arm teachers.   My lord - we can’t let this happen. When my colleagues and I came together to pass the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act, we were clear that these grants were intended to help foster safe, healthy, and supportive environments that improve student learning—not prop up the NRA and gun sales. … Republicans are blocking the release of Judge Kavanaugh’s complete record & President Trump appears to be an unindicted co-conspirator to a federal crime. Put together, that’s more than enough reason to wait before we hold hearings to fill the open seat on the Supreme Court. Judge Kavanaugh’s offensive record—on top of yesterday’s revelations about the growing cloud of corruption surrounding President Trump—is even more reason that we can’t allow Republicans to rush hearings on another justice to our nation’s highest court. Allowing blueprints online that help people to print guns is a direct rebuke to the wishes of the majority of people who want more common sense gun safety reforms, not fewer. Congress must come together to address this issue before it’s too late. … This → “While some politicians are trying very hard right now to remain blind to the role of climate change in wildfires, the fact that global warming is driving the growth of Western wildfires is not a matter of debate among the people who study it.” … Proud to see WA lead the way to help defend our environment against yet another senseless attack from the Trump Administration—we’ve worked hard in our state to clean up air pollution, & this move from Trump's @EPA rolls back years of progress. … Things that are funny: This video.  Things that aren’t funny: What’s at stake for women’s constitutionally protected rights if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed.  Keep making your voices heard to for women’s health and rights.  Glad to see employers looking for innovative approaches to help workers save for retirement while managing student debt. We need to discuss more ideas like this that give people better options for planning for the future. … It’s your family , your future ,  and should always be your choice. We have to keep making our voices heard to stop Judge Kavanaugh and #SaveRoe. Another day, another headline about how President Trump’s trade wars are already starting to hurt people & businesses across WA. … Not only did a jury convict the President’s former campaign chairman of fraud today, Trump’s long-time personal attorney & fixer pleaded guilty to campaign finance violations & stated clearly that it was at the direction of President Trump in order to influence the election. … Today’s developments w/ Manafort & Cohen are a reminder of the cloud of corruption surrounding Pres Trump. No matter how he or his allies try to spin this, today's conviction & guilty plea are real, serious, & underscore the importance of allowing Mueller to follow the facts. We cannot afford to stand down. I stand with the many people in WA—especially the young people who have been sounding the alarm—who refuse to be silent as President Trump continues to wipe out common sense Obama-era policies that put our country on the right path. As devastating wildfires grow more intense & wreak havoc across WA, an important reminder that it’s time to listen to the science community’s consensus on how climate change worsens the impact of wildfires. … I heard from a young woman who became pregnant in her first semester of college after a contraceptive failure. Having a baby would not only have meant dropping out of college, but returning to an abusive home.  … #SaveRoe This news is particularly insulting for families & fire crews in WA, where right now the skies are filled with smoke from yet another brutal wildfire season—just one of the many effects of climate change that our communities are experiencing in real time. … This shortsighted, reckless plan sends a dangerous message to the rest of the world about our country’s inability under President Trump to lead on combatting climate change, one of the most critical issues of our time. … With today’s move from @EPA to abandon the Clean Power Plan & return to business as usual at our nation’s coal plants, President Trump has once again put profits for his well-connected friends ahead of the health & well-being of millions of Americans. … The lack of child care options in communities across WA isn’t just a problem for parents—it hurts employers, too.    Even more reason I will keep fighting to pass #ChildCare4All, to make high-quality, affordable child care a reality in WA & nationwide. … Roe, and the rulings that have upheld it, make clear what women know at their core to be true: that reproductive freedom is essential to a woman’s ability to control her future, plan her family, and contribute to her community. We have to keep fighting to #SaveRoe This headline pretty much sums up the absurdity & cruelty of President Trump’s heartless ‘zero-tolerance’ family separation policy.  …\ I can’t adequately express how frustrating it is to have to assert this in the 21st century, we are stronger today because women in the United States are treated more equally than we were in the 1970s. #SaveRoe Important editorial on the growing dangers of opioid addiction in WA—we must all do everything in our power to help patients curb their substance use & keep our families & communities strong.  … Reproductive freedom means women are more able to participate equally and fully in our country, and we have to do everything we can to #SaveRoe This is the story of a woman who I met just a few weeks ago. When she was 23, fresh out college, she became pregnant while living paycheck-to-paycheck in what she described as "an extremely unhealthy and volatile relationship.”  … #SaveRoe Mosquitoes are the deadliest insects in the world, killing more people from Zika, dengue, yellow fever, & malaria than any other animal. Proud to stand w @PMIgov & @GlobalFund this #WorldMosquitoDay as we continue our work to ensure that no child dies from a mosquito bite. We make a promise to have our veterans’ backs when they come home, & this report confirms that VA has not been holding up their end of the deal—its beyond time for VA to begin running the Caregivers Support program as Congress intended, & we will be watching to make sure they do. … Women's reproductive rights protected under Roe v. Wade hang in the balance, and we need to be making that heard loud and clear. If you have a story to share, share it now.  … #SaveRoe Republicans want us to rubber-stamp President Trump’s Supreme Court pick with only a fraction of the time & info necessary to give Judge Kavanaugh a thorough vetting.  That’s a non-starter. We must hold them accountable & keep raising our voices until we #StopKavanaugh Most of the country agrees that it’s not too much to ask to see Judge Kavanaugh’s full record before he’s given a seat on our nation’s highest court—the only people who seem to disagree are President Trump & Senate Republicans. … The National Archives says it needs more time to produce Judge Kavanaugh’s records so the public can have a full picture of Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.  People and families deserve to know about Judge Kavanaugh’s complete record. Keep making your voices heard. “But according to a deep, data-driven survey of his writings from the bench, Kavanaugh…is an uncommonly partisan judge…Trump is seizing this opportunity to shape a generation of US jurisprudence, & the direction he’s chosen is a hard right turn.” … If you care about women’s constitutionally protected reproductive rights, you should be worried. If you care about marriage equality & the freedom to marry who you love, you should be worried.   We have less than 3 wks to #StopKavanaugh. The time is now to make your voices heard.pic.twitter.com/96qpI6Lqhx Good op-ed on the importance of the Land & Water Conservation Act in WA—as a voice for our state, I’ll continue fighting to protect this critical program that has helped protect valuable environmental treasures & vital natural resources across WA. … From raging fires that can destroy entire neighborhoods to the widespread hazard of wildfire smoke, we must recognize wildfires like the natural disasters they are & continue making the necessary public investments to defend against them. … Good article that echoes many of the concerns I’ve heard from farmers & others in WA who are uncertain about how federal aid will help reverse the damage caused by President Trump’s trade disputes in the short- & long-term. … Throughout his career, Judge Kavanaugh has consistently sided with corporate interests over workers. We need someone on the Supreme Court who will stand up for working families. #StopKavanaugh … The next time President Trump tries to distract us by tweeting about personnel problems in his administration, don’t forget:  Hundreds of kids are still sitting in detention centers, separated from their families, because of President Trump’s heartless ‘zero-tolerance’ policy. During this intense wildfire season, taking another opportunity to say thanks to all of the firefighters, soldiers, & public servants across WA who are working to keep our homes & communities safe. … Reminder: There are still 539 children currently in federal custody after being separated from their parents at our southern border.   It’s shameful that President Trump & his administration are in more of a rush to confirm judges than to reunite the families they ripped apart. It’s clear from Judge Kavanaugh’s record that he will find any interpretation of the law that helps corporations avoid their obligations to working people, and I’m calling on every worker to make their voices heard and oppose his nomination. #StopKavanaugh … I'm calling on the millions of parents, students, and teachers who opposed @BetsyDeVosED's nomination to call, write, text and make your voices heard against Judge Kavanaugh. #StopKavanaugh … The only way to stop Judge Kavanaugh is if people take action.  If you have a story that shows why reproductive rights matter in our country, share it:  … Last year, we stopped President Trump’s effort to enact TrumpCare, and that happened because people knew what was at stake and spoke up. We can do that again with Judge Kavanaugh if you keep making your voices heard! Millions of parents, students, & teachers stood up for public education and opposed @BetsyDeVosED's nomination—and we can so close to defeating her. Now is the time to make your voices heard and #StopKavanaugh … For people and families across the country, there is so much at stake. We must be able to look at Judge Kavanaugh’s full record before moving forward with a hearing. … Judge Kavanaugh’s record is clear: a vote for him is a vote for BetsyDeVosED's extreme education privatization agenda. #StopKavanaugh … Judge Kavanagh’s record shows that he would lend strong support to Trump’s anti-immigrant agenda, which would carry enormous consequences for families and communities nationwide. #WhatsAtStake President Trump promised he would nominate justices who would overturn Roe v. Wade and strike down Obamacare, including patient protections like those for people with pre-existing conditions. I believe him—and that’s why we need to fight to make clear how much is at stake. From workers’ rights, to health care, to women’s constitutionally protected reproductive rights—there is so much at stake w/ this Supreme Court nom. We should be able to review all of Judge Kavanaugh's documents & record before the Senate moves forward w/ a hearing. Period. With so much at stake, we should be able to review Judge Kavanaugh’s entire record. Anything less is unacceptable. … .@BetsyDeVosED’s extreme proposal to abandon this rule is further proof that there is no line she won’t cross to pad the pockets of for-profit colleges—even it means leaving students and taxpayers to foot the bill. Our students deserve so much better. … Just last week Republicans announced that Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing will start on September 4th — just *three weeks* away. I’m calling on anyone who is concerned about what hangs in the balance with this nominee to make that clear—loudly and immediately. You don’t have to spend long looking at Judge Kavanaugh’s record to see that should he be seated, nearly five decades of environmental protection are at risk. #WhatsAtStake As a voice for WA, I will continue working to put an end to President Trump’s tariffs & ensure that Congress and the WH make progress on trade deals that work for everyone in our economy—including our growers, exporters, & workers. From rural farms to ports across WA, it’s becoming clear that President Trump’s trade actions are already sowing unnecessary uncertainty into our economy, threatening jobs, & putting long-sought market access at risk. … While we must address unfair trade deals, it’s clear President Trump’s trade wars are threatening our state’s vital trading relationships & jeopardizing WA exports. That hurts growers, exporters, & everyone in between—esp. WA families. … Had a good chat with longshoremen at the Port of Vancouver, who export so many of our homegrown goods—they say the uncertainty of the recent trade disputes have made them & others in the community concerned for their family’s economic future.pic.twitter.com/mh9Rcavgvo During a recent ag discussion in Ritzville, farmers & others shared with me their concerns about the impact of tariffs on their businesses, local jobs, & rural services—a prolonged trade war is the last thing our communities in WA need. … What’s at stake for our environment and our public health if the balance of the court swings toward President Trump and his extreme special interests?pic.twitter.com/GyIPiwQCay If confirmed, judge Kavanaugh could influence our nation’s environmental laws for generations. It would be a mistake to put someone on the bench for life who consistently sides with the massive corporations & special interests that put profits first. … Appreciated hearing farmers & other members of the ag community in Ritzville share how recent tariffs have caused uncertainty & affected their ability to plan for both the short- & long-term—we must bring these trade wars to an end before more are impacted.pic.twitter.com/yobKbKrdy2 I’ll keep saying it: The Trump Admin should immediately reverse course on this heartless & dangerous policy that puts the health of mothers at risk. That’s why I joined my colleagues in introducing the Stop Shackling and Detaining Pregnant Women Act. … President Trump’s tariffs pose a unique threat to WA’s economy & job market, as well as the millions of families who could see the costs of everyday goods go up—full stop. “One of the biggest concerns is how it’s going to affect my family, our housing, our benefits…if we lose our standard of living, my family will suffer in ways we have not had to deal with before” → good read on the ripple effects of Trump’s trade wars … WA is no stranger to the dangers of a trade war, & as I met this week with local farmers & other members of the ag industry in Ritzville & port workers & officials in Vancouver, I heard how damaging a prolonged trade war would be for our businesses, economy, & families.pic.twitter.com/0zJSuGo4JB I’ll keep saying it: The Trump Admin should immediately reverse course on this heartless & dangerous policy that puts the health of mothers at risk. That’s why I joined my colleagues in introducing the Stop Shackling and Detaining Pregnant Women Act. … It is absolutely unacceptable that in our country pregnant women are being detained, shackled, and denied the care they need to have a healthy pregnancy—we should be doing everything possible to stop it. … Affordable,high-quality #childcare allows parents to work w/o worry-allowing them not only to provide for their families,but contribute to our  's a win-win policy: Invest in families, invest in our future,invest in #ChildCare4All @WhatToExpect @PattyMurray … Every child in America should know that we’re committed to helping them succeed and achieve their dreams, and every working parent should have the peace of mind that comes with knowing their children are being cared for in a safe and nurturing environment. #ChildCare4Allpic.twitter.com/5c5Ur73TND Your stories and your voices are going to make the difference in stopping Judge Kavanaugh.   Do you have a story that shows why reproductive rights matter to you? Share it now and make your voice heard →  … All around the country—in cities, suburbs, and rural communities—families are struggling to find and afford high-quality child care. My conversation with @HeidiMurkoff on how we can address this crisis by ensuring #ChildCare4All … President Trump has said that under his Presidency, Roe would be overturned "automatically" once he had the chance to appoint justices, because they would all be pro-life.   We have to keep fighting back, keep rallying, and keep sharing our stories.  … I recently sat down with @HeidiMurkoff to discuss our nation's child care crisis, because every parent should be able to go to work knowing their child is safe, and every child should deserves to be set up for success. Watch our conversation here:pic.twitter.com/3Cl4ItoYeL All around the country—in cities, suburbs, and rural communities—families are struggling to find and afford high-quality child care. My conversation with @HeidiMurkoff on how we can address this crisis by ensuring #ChildCare4All … Because of the wage gap, black women have a harder time supporting their families and saving for retirement. #BlackWomensEqualPaypic.twitter.com/SJrKiEkvGF Would you work 7 extra months just to earn the same pay as male co-workers? Black women across the country do. We need to be doing everything we can to achieve #BlackWomensEqualPay  7 months: That’s the extra time it takes for black women to earn what white males took home in one year. It’s time for #BlackWomensEqualPay now!pic.twitter.com/Flan4noKOB Today is #BlackWomensEqualPay Day, when Black women’s pay catches up to what white, non-Hispanic men were paid in 2017. Yes, you read that right: Black women must work 20 months to be paid what white men are paid in just 12.pic.twitter.com/neGIVsuMCW We've got to do away with the mindset that lack of affordable, high-quality child care is somebody else's problem. This is on all of us to fix and provide #ChildCare4All. … I can't go anywhere without somebody telling me a personal story about calling dozens of child care centers with no success. So I sat down with @HeidiMurkoff to discuss what we can do to address our nation's child care crisis.pic.twitter.com/9H1sqEJXke CPR opposes the nomination of Judge #Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.  Based on his record, we are gravely concerned that if confirmed, he would undermine disability rights and reverse progress on many issues important to people with disabilities.    I'm at the @CSIS event at @UW to speak about the importance of leading on global health security and how our investments impact families here and across the world. WATCH HERE→  … #CSISlive If Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, a woman's ability to get reproductive health care could overwhelmingly depend, like it did before Roe, on whether she could afford it, and therefore, disproportionately on her race and zip code as well.  … Your stories and your voices are going to make the difference in stopping Judge Kavanaugh.   Do you have a story that shows why reproductive rights matter to you? Share it now and make your voice heard →  … Make no mistake: if Judge Kavanaugh is seated on the Supreme Court bench, five men will be empowered to overturn Roe v. Wade and take us back to the days when women didn’t have the option of accessing safe, legal abortion.  …pic.twitter.com/BdDK2VVfYl President Trump has been explicit about what he wants in Supreme Court nominee – he wants a nominee who is committed to overturning Roe v. Wade and criminalizing abortion. We have to speak up. If you have a story that shows why #RoeMatters, share it here:  … The progress women have made — and the prospect of future progress — truly hangs in the balance now that President Trump has nominated Judge Kavanaugh. We have to keep making our voices heard. If you have a story on why #RoeMatters, share it now:  …pic.twitter.com/MRiVzO8M7R Important editorial on the impact of President Trump’s trade war on WA growers & families → “Since WA is one of the most trade-dependent states in the country, our residents likely will be among those hurt the most by the current, global tariff battle” … I’m calling on anyone who is concerned about what’s at stake for women’s reproductive rights to make that clear — loudly and immediately. If you have a story that shows why reproductive rights matter in our country, share it.  … #RoeMatterspic.twitter.com/WLyNb6pUwu The overwhelming majority of people in the US have made it clear they want more common sense gun safety reforms to keep their families safe, not fewer—proud to join the many calls across the country & in WA to address this issue before it’s too late … As one of our country’s most trade-dependent states, there’s a ton at stake for WA growers, exporters, & families if President Trump’s reckless tariffs continue.    Even more worrisome, WA families will most likely end up paying the highest price for this backward trade agenda. What’s the Trump Administration’s answer for wage stagnation & growing economic inequality in communities in WA & nationwide?    Apparently, more tax cuts for the wealthiest families & corporations that need it least. … As we celebrate the anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid, we cannot forget that these immensely successful programs are under siege. President Trump and Republicans have sought to sabotage Medicaid, slash Medicare, and reduce access to life-saving care.   Not on our watch. 53 years ago this week, President Johnson signed #Medicare and #Medicaid into law, helping millions to afford the care they need, no matter their age or income. We have an obligation to uphold that promise and protect these programs, which insure over 100 million people. Civil rights, including the rights of people with disabilities, are on the line with the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh. We have to keep making our voices heard and do everything we can to oppose this nomination. … If Mexico was supposed to pay for President Trump's awful and wasteful border wall, why is he threatening to shut down our government if American taxpayers don't foot the bill? … Defrauded students in WA & across the nation shouldn’t be saddled with unmanageable debt after being cheated by predatory for-profit colleges & corporations—Secretary DeVos must reverse course on this shameful new rule. … A decision to shut down the government over President Trump’s costly border wall would be a choice made by Republicans—the Party that controls the Senate, House, & White House. President Trump wants to expand junk plans that spend half their revenue on administrative waste. He wants to make it easier for insurers to discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions, and then reward themselves for it with executive bonuses. We have plenty of opportunities to help bring down health care costs by reducing complexity and administrative costs, but this cannot come at the expense of patients, their safety, or their health. I’m about to discuss the importance of maintaining safe, high quality care for patients as we look for ways to reduce administrative costs, and explain why President Trump’s health care sabotage is taking us in the wrong direction. … With this new rule, Secretary DeVos is sending a clear sign to students that they cannot rely on her to stand up for them—& that predatory for-profit colleges & corporations will continue to get a free pass. … The overwhelming majority of Americans have made it clear they want more common sense gun safety reforms to keep their families safe, not fewer—& the Trump Administration’s decision to allow 3-D printing for guns is a direct rebuke to their wishes, & the health & safety of ppl. So glad to see Washington state leading the way. I’m joining @AGOWA in calling for action to address this issue before it’s too late. … At a time when we are seeing community after community, and family after family being devastated by gun violence, it’s unconscionable that the Trump administration would simply shrug off this potential threat. … As long as there are migrant kids in our government’s care still needlessly separated from their parents, it is a moral stain on our nation that cannot stand.   We will not stop holding President Trump accountable until he completely reverses the reckless damage he has caused. I joined my Democratic colleagues in giving a voice to the 54 migrant parents who wrote an open letter, pleading with anyone to help them reunite with their children. Families belong together.pic.twitter.com/arlu7gdm7M Thousands of families have been reunited, but hundreds of migrant kids are still needlessly separated from their parents.   None of this had to happen, & we will keep raising our voices until President Trump resolves this disgrace. … When survivors of sexual assault seek care they should be offered the best information, services, and support available. That’s why I’m working to pass SASCA to help develop standards of health care & training in hospitals & medical settings nationwide. … A President who, far beyond any modern President, has championed the anti-choice cause, has found exactly what he is looking for in Judge Kavanaugh: a fifth vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. Judge Kavanaugh would be a reliable vote on the Supreme Court to roll back the progress we’ve made to protect our vital air, water, natural resources, & so much more.    We must raise our voices like never before against President Trump’s extreme nominee. … President Trump can never undo the trauma caused by his reckless 'zero-tolerance' family separation policy. But we can make sure it never happens again.   I’m urging Republican leaders to come back to the table & work w Democrats to finally fix our broken immigration system. “The $12B…offered on Tuesday to the nation’s farmers to ease the financial pain of the trade war isn’t a long-term solution. It’s a catalyst for bigger problems”→ President Trump should heed this call to reverse course from growers in WA & nationwide  … "We came to this country to save our lives and the lives of our children. We were not prepared for the nightmare that we faced here. The United States government kidnapped our children with tricks and didn't give us the opportunity to say goodbye."pic.twitter.com/jn6gPTA4OZ I introduced the Survivor’s Access to Supportive Care Act because when it comes to helping survivors of rape and sexual assault, there shouldn’t be any barriers in the way to get justice or care. … There are decades between my college friend's story and the stories of these three women. Decades—and the historic ruling in Roe v. Wade that affirmed that our Constitution protects a woman's right to control her own health care decisions. … Dozens of migrant parents separated from their children wrote an open letter to the US public, hoping someone, anyone, could help them reunite with their children. Here is their letter.pic.twitter.com/flfWGaBts0 It is unacceptable that someone would go to seek care —& justice — for sexual assault and be told ‘not here’ or ‘try next door.’ The Survivors’ Access to Supportive Care Act (SASCA), would help us make sure that no longer happens to survivors seeking help. … “I have shared my story with my children, and hope that should my daughter ever find herself in a position similar to mine, she will enjoy the same rights that were available to me.” #WhatsAtStake … President Trump has said that under his Presidency, Roe would be overturned "automatically" once he had the chance to appoint justices, because they would all be pro-life.   We have to keep fighting back, keep rallying, and keep sharing our stories. … The Stop Child Summer Hunger Act will help ensure our nation’s families have the support they need so that none of our kids is left wondering where their next meal will come from—@RepSusanDavis & I will keep working to pass this bill to help families in WA & nationwide.pic.twitter.com/pV1lvu1at1 President Trump needlessly separated thousands of migrant kids from their families, & it’s especially cruel for our government to make these parents pay expensive fees to talk to their kids.    This shameful practice needs to end—immediately. … Sending huge thanks to all of WA’s brave & dedicated firefighters who are keeping our homes & families safe through another devastating wildfire season—we appreciate your commitment to serving our communities & saving lives! … 28 years ago, the Americans With Disabilities Act opened new doors & opportunities to people across the country—but the fight for equality and integration is not over. We must continue to break down barriers and work to end the discrimination people with disabilities face. #ADA28 “…the administration is embracing short-term gains with little regard to the kind of world we will leave for future generations” → good read on what WA would lose if the Trump Administration follows through on its plans to gut the Endangered Species Act … Making sure children have year-round access to healthy meals is essential to setting them up for success. Proud to work with @RepSusanDavis to pass the Stop Child Summer Hunger Act & help ensure our nation’s kids aren’t missing out on the vital nutrition they need to grow & learnpic.twitter.com/xToSsjqAh4 Making sure children have year-round access to healthy meals is essential to setting them up for success. Proud to work with @RepSusanDavis to pass the Stop Child Summer Act & help ensure our nation’s kids aren’t missing out on the vital nutrition they need to grow & learn. 28 years ago the Americans with Disabilities Act became law. This landmark civil rights legislation has helped us build a stronger country and stronger communities that include everyone, work for everyone, and value everyone. #ADA28 There are decades between my college friend's story and the stories of these three women. Decades—and the historic ruling in Roe v. Wade that affirmed that our Constitution protects a woman's right to control her own health care decisions. … One year ago today, people from WA & across the nation stood up & let @realDonaldTrump know his plan to ban transgender troops from our military was a non-starter—& we won’t let him forget the sacrifice transgender troops make in service to our country. #TransBanTweetUp When I was in college, I saw my friend hurt, frightened, alone, and unable to get the care she needed because someone else’s beliefs mattered more under our laws than her health and her future. … I’m calling on anyone — woman or man — who is concerned about what’s at stake for women’s reproductive rights to make that clear — loudly and immediately. If you have a story that shows why reproductive rights matter in our country, share it. Despite what the White House would have us believe, this is not a country that wants to follow President Trump, Vice President Pence, and five male Supreme Court justices back to 1972. But the only way to stop this from happening is for people to take action. Judge Kavanaugh’s record proves he would not be the fair voice working families need. Throughout his long career, Kavanaugh has repeatedly sided with corporate special interests at the expense of workers, their rights, and their families. #StopKavanaugh Through a series of executive orders, President Trump has taken steps to make it harder for federal workers to organize, bargain collectively for better wages and conditions, and resolve disputes equitably—sending a clear signal this Administration won’t stand up for workers. The federal government has a responsibility to ensure every worker is treated fairly and with dignity. The government has an even more direct responsibility to look after its own workers, and should be a model for protecting the rights of workers. Federal workers ensure our grandparents receive Social Security. They investigate claims of wage theft. They’re the nurses and doctors who take care of veterans. They’re the first responders when natural disasters strike. They protect our water and air.   I stand with them. I’m headed to the floor to speak in defense of the millions of federal workers around the country who have been targeted by the Trump Administration, including tens of thousands of workers in my home state of Washington. –PM Every maternal death is tragic, every preventable death should be considered unacceptable. Let’s support the quality care every mom needs and deserves for a healthy pregnancy and safe birth! #BumpDay @WhatToExpect @RepRobinKelly … The U.S. has the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world. As a grandmother, a mother, & a Senator this is unacceptable. I'm joining @HeidiMurkoff in the fight to improve health care for all mothers this #BumpDay, and I hope you're with us. … President Trump said that Roe is a 50–50 issue. He's wrong.   Democrats, Republicans, women and men of all ages and backgrounds overwhelmingly understand that abortion is a deeply personal decision - one our laws should allow women to make. … If Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, a woman's ability to get reproductive health care could overwhelmingly depend, like it did before Roe, on whether she could afford it, and therefore, disproportionately on her race and zip code as well. … When I examine the record and history of a Supreme Court nominee, I hope to see a breadth of life experience, or the ability to walk in someone else’s shoes. Judge Kavanaugh has not demonstrated either of these qualities. Anyone who says President Trump isn’t applying an anti-choice litmus test in this nomination — or thinks it’s unclear where President Trump’s allegiance lies when it comes to women’s health — should take a look at what he’s said and done. While President Trump has broken promise after promise to workers & families, he has never once wavered in following through for those anti-choice special interests. He has done virtually everything he can to chip away at women's reproductive rights from the Oval Office. I’ll keep saying it: the threat to women’s reproductive rights is frighteningly real. It is real because unless Democrats and Republicans come together, President Trump will follow through on his promise to overturn Roe. Should Judge Kavanaugh be confirmed, he would be a fifth vote on the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade and roll back reproductive rights women have had for more than four decades.pic.twitter.com/o4U5ZPHoeR The progress women have made — and the prospect of future progress — truly hangs in the balance now that President Trump has nominated Judge Kavanaugh. #WhatsAtStake .@PattyMurray: “I saw my friend hurt, frightened, alone, and unable to get the [abortion] care she needed because someone else’s beliefs mattered more under our laws than her health and her future. That impacted me a lot, and has stayed with me to this day.” #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/CGCx8ib7bp I can’t adequately express how frustrating it is to have to assert this in the 21st century, but we are stronger today because women in the United States are treated more equally than we were in the 1970s. Roe v. Wade, and the rulings that have upheld it, make clear what women across the country know to be true: that reproductive freedom is essential to a woman's ability to control her future, plan her family, & contribute to her community in all the ways she may choose to. … Tune in:  … … I’m heading to the Senate floor to talk about the importance of Roe v. Wade, how it has impacted women’s ability to access care and plan for their futures for decades, and why we can’t stop making our voices heard to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. -PM About to speak at HELP Committee before votes as we move forward legislation to help increase drug price transparency, support families dealing with congenital heart defects & Sickle Cell disease, and increase dental access. … We know that President Trump promised to nominate justices who would strike down the Affordable Care Act.  We know why President Trump picked Judge Kavanaugh.  We know people’s health care coverage is at stake.  We know pre-existing condition protections are on the line. Families across the country rely on the Affordable Care Act to stay healthy, and when their coverage was threatened, people spoke up, rallied, and let their Senators know just how damaging Trumpcare would have been.  It worked, and Trumpcare failed. I also heard stories from people like Vanessa, whose daughter Cheyenne had her first surgery at 20 days old—the first of three before her first birthday. Even though Cheyenne was born with pre-existing conditions, she was able to get insurance through her state exchange. … During last year’s Trumpcare debate, I heard stories like Julie’s. Julie’s had 4 types of cancer and 4 organs removed during treatment. With excellent care, she won each of those battles.   If President Trump had his way, Julie would be uninsurable. She wouldn't be the only one. A year ago, families who didn’t want to see their health care rolled back stopped Trumpcare in its tracks. You stood up, spoke out, and your representatives listened. I’m headed to the floor to talk about why we need to bring that energy to this Supreme Court fight.  –PM "A woman has a right to make her own healthcare choices...My body is my body. You take care of yours, and I will take care of mine."  —@PattyMurray #NoGagRulepic.twitter.com/9yLbraNgtj .@PattyMurray: We're here to say women have a right to make their own health care decisions. We're standing up & saying my body is my body. We can't go back to when the wealthy could make these decisions for themselves & the rest of us couldn't." #NoGagRulepic.twitter.com/C27NKsSUGu Together we are going to keep working toward a future when women have access to the health care they need and we are going to keep this country moving forward. #NoGagRulepic.twitter.com/Zx9eY222jG There are still thousands of migrant kids that President Trump & his administration have not reunited with their parents after needlessly separating them from their families.   It’s a stain on our country, & we must make our voices heard until it comes to an end. So long as there are still migrant kids sitting in US detention centers after being separated from their parents, Democrats & people across the country will not stop demanding answers & holding the Trump Administration accountable. … I urge my colleagues to stand with me in rejecting Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, and join me in calling on President Trump to send us someone who would stand with • women, • workers, • and families There just are no words. Everyone should stop & read this important story about the continued impact of President Trump’s shameful family separation policy. We need to keep raising our voices to bring an end to this disgrace. … Nobody should be fooled. Judge Kavanaugh is a rubber stamp —he will stand with special interests over families—and he will take our country in the wrong direction. There are 2.1 million single mothers in college today, but only 8% of them will finish their degree within six years. These women work hard to provide a better life for their children, but often face insurmountable barriers to completing their education. … #Washington received $998 million in #NIH funded research support in FY2017:   #NIHinYourStatepic.twitter.com/CgFDZ3yCy2 Had a great time meeting @ThisIsZeroHour’s WA activists— Washington state has a long legacy of standing on the front lines of the fight against climate change, & I'm proud to support today’s #YouthClimateMarch & see these students lead by example.   This is great news for anyone who cares about women’s health, civil rights, and the rights and freedoms of all people, families, and communities across the country. … We just proved that the Senate can actually block extreme nominees who would roll back the rights and freedoms that so many of us hold dear—and now we need to keep this momentum going in the fight against Judge Kavanaugh. … This week, the first House Republican signed on to the CRA resolution to restore #NetNeutrality. We have momentum, but we need to keep making our voices heard to protect the free & open internet—not just for today’s consumers, but for the next generation of innovators. I’m calling on all my colleagues to support @SenDuckworth's legislation to fix this because—and this shouldn’t have to be said—every child should be able to learn in an environment free of toxins and poisons. -PM … I’ve introduced a bill alongside 21 Democrats to stop the Trump Administration from detaining and shackling pregnant women in @DHSGov custody, and put in place new standards of care and transparency. … It is unacceptable that even one child is attending a school with elevated levels of lead—and even more unacceptable that a majority of schools don’t even know if their students are at risk. … Given his past rulings, we have a lot of reasons to be concerned about the health of our environment if Judge Kavanaugh is appointed to the Supreme Court. We have to keep making our voices heard.pic.twitter.com/Hvukaze4sW Because of our landmark environmental laws like the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act, our rivers are cleaner, our air is easier to breathe,  and families are better protected than ever before.pic.twitter.com/fctQrd5hIp After President Trump’s reckless summit w Putin, the last thing anyone who cares about our country should want is to put the Supreme Court in the hands of a Trump lackey.  Given what we know about Trump’s nominee, if he is appointed—that is exactly what would happen.pic.twitter.com/DjQNRzT9jX Pregnant women being detained in immigration facilities have reported miscarrying, bleeding for days without medical attention, & being told “this isn’t a hospital” after requesting help. This is unconscionable, and I’m going to keep fighting to change it. … I’d say it’s unbelievable, but given President Trump’s track record over the past 48 hours, sadly, it’s not. Mr. President, you need to defend Americans, not President Putin. … After a change in policy from the Trump Administration, more pregnant women are being detained and shackled by immigration authorities. This policy is heartless and dangerous for women and infants. It needs to stop immediately. … At a time when millions of Americans have taken to the streets in recent months to demand action on gun violence, Judge Kavanaugh has taken a far more expansive interpretation of the Second Amendment, and has vigorously argued that assault weapons bans are unconstitutional. Judge Kavanaugh would take us back to the days when common sense regulation didn’t exist. He’d take us back to a time when an estimated 20 million gallons of sewage effluent flowed into Lake Washington – every single day.pic.twitter.com/OQrhpj73ch If you believe we should be taking the Russian election interference into U.S. elections seriously—join me in rejecting Judge Kavanaugh and demanding someone who would be truly independent and place an appropriate check on executive power. If we can’t stem the flow of dark, unaccountable money in politics and reverse the tide of the wealthiest Americans and biggest corporations being allowed to have the loudest voices in our elections—we’re going to keep running into massive challenges. #StopKavanaugh If you believe that Citizens United was an awful decision that perverted the First Amendment &  put shameful amounts of power into the hands of the mega-rich and the biggest corporations—join me in rejecting this nominee and demanding someone who will put ordinary voters first. If anyone simply believes that everyone in this country should have fundamental rights and freedoms—no matter who they are or who they love—should join me in rejecting Judge Kavanaugh. I believed President Trump when he said he was determined to undermine patients’ health care in order to satisfy right-wing special interests. Health care, especially for people with pre-existing conditions, is on the line with this nomination. Judge Kavanaugh’s record is clear. The facts are clear. He is an extreme pick who would be devastating for our country if confirmed—and we need to do everything we can to stop it. President Trump has systematically worked to roll back decades of progress through our courtrooms— from the Supreme Court on down—which will have long-lasting impacts, stretching far beyond his time in the White House. I’m heading to the Senate floor to join my colleagues in making it clear just how high the stakes are when it comes to our nation’s highest courts—for our families, for our communities, for our country—and for our future. -PM President Trump promised to pick #SCOTUS nominees who’d roll back families’ health care. He picked Judge Kavanaugh—someone vetted by far-right groups to do just that. Trump clearly doesn’t doubt Kavanaugh would strike down pre-existing condition protections. We shouldn’t either. As President Trump & @BetsyDeVosED move to reverse the progress we’ve made to strengthen diversity in our classrooms, glad to see institutions across WA affirm the value of diversity in education & commit to keeping it alive on campuses across our state. … So thankful to Leah for sharing her story of survival & working to help ensure others are able to get the care they need to seek justice. We won’t stop until #SASCA is law and every hospital can provide proper care to sexual assault survivors. … I’m calling on my Republican colleagues to stand w Democrats & people across the country by taking action to hold Russia accountable & protect our country from future attacks. And ask who—or what—is motivating our President.pic.twitter.com/8GVGkBtF3a This is not a partisan issue—this about defending the integrity & foundational values of our nation. This is about Congress doing its job & holding the President accountable for his shocking & repeated failures. And this is about putting the country before party. With the power to call up legislation & hold hearings, Republican leaders have options, and they certainly have a whole lot of Democrats who stand ready & willing to help. So my message to every member of the Senate, and to every member of the House, is clear: It’s time to:  -strengthen Russian sanctions  -demand answers from WH about the Trump-Putin closed-door meeting & provide any notes that exist -protect DOJ, the FBI & the special counsel  -extradite the 12 Russians indicted for election attacks -pass election security legislation Many Republicans in Congress are acting as if they aren’t the party in control of the Senate and the House & they don’t have the ability to actually make a difference & demand change. This is absurd—and the time for handwringing & hoping the problem just goes away is over. Members on both sides of the aisle have expressed outrage at President Trump’s disgraceful remarks, and I’m glad to see them speaking up, because words matter. But you know what also matters? Action.    Now, we must all ask: what will Congressional Republicans do about this? The world watched yesterday as President Trump showered praise upon the Russian President who directed the interference of our elections. It was deeply horrifying & alarming that our President failed to use that moment to push Putin to end his attacks on our country & elections. Instead of standing up for our national values & security, our President defended Putin on all fronts. Now it seems Trump is desperately trying to backtrack—but we all heard what he said & know where he stands. It’s appalling, inexcusable, & unworthy of the Presidency. The world watched yesterday as President Trump showered praise upon the Russian President who directed the interference of our elections. It was deeply horrifying & alarming that our President failed to use that moment to push Putin to end his attacks on our country & elections. Proud to introduce a bipartisan #SASCA bill to provide sexual assault survivors the support & care they need—when a survivor goes to a hospital seeking treatment after an assault, they deserve respect, compassion, & a commitment to helping them get justice … I’m headed to the floor to denounce President Trump’s disgraceful summit with the Russian President & call on Republicans to join us to finally hold him accountable. In just a few minutes, I'm joining @ACOGaction and @SenBlumenthal to talk about Trump-Pence efforts to roll back funding for #TitleX and undermine women’s health. Tune in: … This is comforting news for Yolany & her son, but there is much more we need to do for the thousands of migrant parents—including those detained in WA—who are still waiting for the Trump Administration to reunite them w their kids. … We’ve gotten some updates, but there are still a lot of questions that have not been answered, a lot of families that have not been reunited, and therefore a lot of work that has to be done—fast … It’s so important that we continue to hold the Trump Administration accountable for the chaos and heartbreak it has caused for the thousands of children it has cruelly and needlessly separated from their parents. Another reason Congress must pass #SASCA—it’s unacceptable that all across the US, countless survivors of sexual assault are turned away from hospitals that don’t have the resources or trained staff to provide the care they need. … All of the students, parents, and teachers who voiced their concern about @BetsyDeVosED during her nomination are still making their voices heard—demanding the Department of Education start standing up for students. I am opposing Mr. Blew's nomination on their behalf. .@BetsyDeVosED has ignored the public’s overwhelming rejection to her extreme ideology, and instead continues to promote her privatization agenda, trying to shift taxpayer funds away from public schools. I'm heading to the floor to oppose Jim Blew's nomination as Assistant Secretary at the Dept of Education—Mr. Blew has made it clear he's cut from the same cloth as @BetsyDeVosED & shares her extreme privatization agenda. Every child across WA deserves a fair shot at success, starting with a home where they feel safe & secure—so proud to support these major investments, & will continue working to find federal solutions to help end the crisis of youth homelessness in WA. … After families stood up and rejected Trumpcare, which would have spiked premiums, gutted Medicaid, and put families back at the mercy of the big insurance companies, President Trump did everything he could to sabotage health care from the Oval Office. I’m about to discuss how President Trump’s health care sabotage is raising families’ premiums, even as he fails to address rising drug prices. … We must do all we can to support survivors of sexual assault on the path to recovery—that’s why I introduced the Survivors’ Access to Supportive Care Act (#SASCA) to ensure our hospitals & nurses are equipped w the resources & training they need to help survivors seek justice. Republican leaders need to stand with Democrats and people across the country in not only condemning President Trump, but in taking action to hold Russia accountable and protect our country from future attacks. Anyone who believes our President should put the US above Russia should be concerned by what they saw today. And anyone who is wondering why the President is choosing to defend Russia & blame America should join us in asking what, or who, President Trump is being motivated by. It was truly horrifying and deeply alarming to see the President of the United States stand with the President of Russia in undercutting the work of our intelligence agencies and blaming America for the attacks on our elections and our democracy. Time & again, we’ve seen President Trump respond to pressure from people across the country who have raised their voices to hold him & his administration accountable. Families across the globe are risking everything to flee violence & persecution in their countries & start a new life here in the US--only to be thrown in jail & needlessly separated from their children for weeks, even months.   This is not who we are, & we can’t let this stand. Your daily reminder that after several weeks, thousands of young migrant kids are still needlessly sitting in detention centers on orders from the Trump Administration & are waiting for officials to finally reunite them w their parents.     Thousands. Our new bipartisan #SASCA is a strong step forward for survivors & will help ensure when they come to the hospital for treatment that they have access to experienced providers & get support that is critical to holding their perpetrators accountable. … President Trump has insulted our intelligence community and actively hurt American interests around the world, and this warrants a strong response from Republican leaders. For President Trump to stand side-by-side today with President Putin and not only fail to condemn Putin for Russian meddling—or Russia’s many other aggressions around the world—is inexcusable. The US intelligence community concluded more than a year ago that Russia did in fact meddle in our elections. What’s more, there is every reason to believe Russia will do it again in the next election. In Judge Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump has found exactly what he was looking for—someone who will put extreme, right-wing ideology ahead of patients’ access to health care. Too many hospitals don’t have the resources or trained staff to help sexual assault survivors hold their perpetrators accountable. Passing #SASCA to help provide survivors the support they need is a critical step in the right direction. … Democrats are going to keep fighting for patients and families and against President Trump’s efforts to sabotage health care. And we're going to keep fighting against Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. #WhatsAtStake Hearing Leah’s story & knowing that too many survivors across the US have shared her painful experience of being denied critical care is why I’m proud to work w/ @leahegriffin, @lisamurkowski, @RepJayapal & so many others to pass #SASCA. … Judge Kavanaugh is the ideological dream pick for President Trump, Vice President Pence, and the conservative special interests whose lists they’re choosing from, and we have to keep making our voices heard against his nomination. There is simply too much at stake to sit on the sidelines. We can defeat this Supreme Court nomination, but only if we do it the way we defeated Trumpcare—when people across the country stood up and said “not on our watch." The majority of Americans do not want our daughters and granddaughters to lose constitutional protections women have had for more than four decades. This is what’s at stake with President Trump’s extreme Supreme Court nominee. Roe v. Wade affirmed that women in the United States have the constitutional right to make their own reproductive health care decisions—and we’re committed to doing everything we can to ensure that right is protected.pic.twitter.com/IQZRtDIrzH I am going to continue to demand transparency from the Trump Administration and the companies that are trying to influence it and shine a spotlight on deals like this that raise so many alarming ethical questions. … The more we learn about the arrangement between Michael Cohen & Novartis, the more alarming it appears. The public was rightly concerned to learn President Trump’s close associates are selling access to the Administration and getting million dollar contracts from drug companies. … Make no mistake: if Judge Kavanaugh is seated on the Supreme Court bench, five men will be empowered to overturn Roe v. Wade and take us back to the days when women didn’t have the option of accessing safe, legal abortion. With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Kavanaugh, we have never been more at risk of going backward. And I’m going to keep standing with women across the country against each and every attempt by President Trump to restrict women’s access to care. President Trump has broken promise after promise, but he has never once wavered in listening to extreme, ideological special interests when it comes to women’s access to health care. #WhatsAtStake This bill, which I introduced in the Senate, would build on the work that she so tirelessly championed on Capitol Hill: reducing disparities in breast and gynecological cancer detection. All women—no matter their race, income, or background—should have access to life-saving care. … I’m proud to see the House introduce the Jeanette Acosta Invest in Women’s Health Act in memory of a former Hill staffer. Jeanette was an unyielding advocate for the health of low-income women, and passed away in 2017 after battling cervical cancer.pic.twitter.com/krwfR353PG I’m truly inspired by all the women and families coming forward to explain exactly what the Trump Administration’s harmful policies would mean in their lives, or in the lives of people they care about.pic.twitter.com/iMrBrxQw0N So proud to meet future aerospace leaders, @owensfellowship participants, & @UW students at #FutureSpace2018. To continue to push the boundaries in aerospace and beyond, we need to encourage more women to enter #STEM fields.pic.twitter.com/7hxxHVKj8Z WATCH LIVE: @SenateDems @PattyMurray, @SenWarren, @SenDuckworth, @SenFeinstein, @SenTinaSmith, Planned Parenthood patient @DCampoamor, and Dr. Bailey Cannon of @prhdocs on #WhatsAtStake if Kavanaugh is confirmed and guts #RoevWade    #StopKavanaugh I'm in the Capitol with @PattyMurray, @SenFeinstein, @SenWarren and @SenTinaSmith--we're about to talk about #WhatsAtStake if Judge Kavanaugh is able to overturn #RoevWade in the #SupremeCourt. Tune in here:  If Judge Kavanaugh is seated on the Supreme Court bench, five men will be empowered to overturn Roe v. Wade. I’m joining @SenateDems now to talk about #WhatsAtStake. Watch: … Even after a court ruling, too many migrant kids who were needlessly separated from their families are still waiting for the Trump Administration to reunite them w their parents.  We will not stop watching.  We will not stop holding you accountable.  We will not forget. Yesterday, the Trump Administration missed a critical deadline to reunite dozens of young kids w their parents after they were needlessly separated.   Today, we must raise our voices & make them even louder to ensure President Trump brings these families back together. After weeks & months of separation, some of the youngest kids being reunited w their families don’t even recognize their parents.  Make your voice heard that people in WA & across the country won’t let this unthinkable action stand.  …? We need a judge willing to provide a check against President Trump’s health care sabotage and efforts to take away protections for patients with pre-existing conditions—patients like Charlie. She’s a @LittleLobbyist and she’s not going to stop fighting for her care.pic.twitter.com/xuLEY4sjZQ When I visited a federal detention center in my home state of WA, I met with mothers who were desperate to be reunited with their children who had been torn away from them. There is no part of Trump's zero tolerance policy that is generous or charitable. It's a nightmare. … In nominating Judge Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump has found exactly what he was looking for—someone who will put extreme, right-wing ideology ahead of patients’ access to health care. President Trump has been crystal clear about his desire to put an extreme conservative voice on the Supreme Court, & about his determination to find nominees willing to declare health care reform unconstitutional, and cut off access to care for people w/ pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/3koamsmzuu About to join @SenateDems to talk about just #WhatsAtStake for women, patients and families, workers, LGBTQ, and so many more with President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Kavanaugh. Watch:  The time is now to rally, text, call your Senator. We have to keep making our voices heard loud and clear!pic.twitter.com/uvcM2itzEg What a joy meeting @SenGaryPeters’s friend Thomas—a charismatic & smart young man who asked @MakeAWish to help him become a U.S. Senator for a day. Your resilient spirit is an inspiration, & I hope to see you back in the Senate one day—as a member!pic.twitter.com/qubglrrn0K A vote for Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to allow five men on the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade, criminalize abortion in America, and roll back the progress we’ve made to help more women & girls access the basic health care they need. Women’s voices need to be heard.pic.twitter.com/ze7QEpS02U I voted against Judge Kavanaugh when he was nominated for the circuit court and I strongly oppose this nomination now.   I’m also calling on all of my colleagues to stand with me in rejecting him. President Trump has nominated another anti-worker, anti-union nominee to the Supreme Court. Kavanaugh has a long history of ruling in the favor of corporations & big business—at the expense of workers. I’m going to keep fighting against attempts to undermine working families. As dark money groups have spent billions on campaigns designed to chip away at workers’ rights, union membership and workers’ bargaining power have both declined. As a result, wages for working families have stagnated, while billionaires like the Koch brothers have gotten richer. Unions helped create the 40-hour workweek, end child labor, and strengthen the middle class. When unions have the power to bargain on behalf of employees, we’re all better off. But the Supreme Court’s recent #Janus decision undermines their ability to do exactly that. I’m about to speak on the vital role that unions play in raising wages and creating pathways to the middle class at our hearing with labor leaders, teachers, and home care workers. Watch live: … A vote for President Trump’s Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to step back from the progress we’ve made to expand rights, freedoms, and basic human decency to LGBTQ Americans. Mr. Benczkowski is not the nominee our country needs, especially when so many questions remain about Trump's ties to Russia. We need someone free of conflicts and someone with real experience. I will be voting NO. It is outrageous that President Trump’s pick to lead DOJ criminal division not only has 0 prosecutorial experience, but has direct ties to Russia’s Alfa Bank. Benczkowski is not up to the job when it comes to getting all the answers in the Russia Investigation. A vote for President Trump’s Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to give massive corporations even more power over our economy, our workers, and our elections. A vote for President Trump’s Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to end protections for patients with pre-existing conditions and go back to the bad-old days when insurance companies were in charge & people would have to pay more, or be cut off from care, simply for being sick. A vote for President Trump’s Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to allow five men on the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade, criminalize abortion in America, and roll back the progress we’ve made to help more women and girls access the basic health care they need. It was watching the Clarence Thomas hearings—and seeing how my voice and the voices of people like me all across the country weren’t being heard—that got me to run for the Senate in the first place.  We have to keep making our voices heard.pic.twitter.com/sJLZKxGAy1 More than any President I’ve seen, President Trump has been explicit about what he expects from a nominee. He has laid out specific tests & promised to only pick nominees from a pre-screened list of people who would absolutely meet them. The balance of the court is on the line & we know exactly where this nominee will fall on the specific issues.   We know because President Trump told us: openly, publicly, and repeatedly. I’m heading to the floor to talk about my strong opposition to the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh for a lifetime appointment on the United States Supreme Court. -PM I’m urging everyone—in red states and blue states, big cities and small towns—to make their voice heard right now: call your Senator, show up at rallies, organize online and in person. There is so much at stake. This is not a time for anyone to sit back & watch while the Supreme Court and the future of our nation hangs in the balance. We just need a few Republicans to stand up to President Trump and stand with Democrats and people across the country in rejecting this nominee. President Trump must nominate someone who is clearly & strongly committed to not rolling back settled law when it comes to women’s health & patient protections—& to protecting the rights & freedoms that people across the country hold so dear. Judge Kavanaugh fails on both counts. I’m also calling on all my Senate colleagues to stand with me and with people across the country in rejecting Kavanaugh. … President Trump, more than any President I’ve seen, has been explicit about what he expects from a nominee—and based on everything I know about Judge Kavanaugh, he is exactly what President Trump is looking for. So, I oppose this nomination. Even with Scott Pruitt & his unethical behavior out at @EPA, WA families must keep the pressure on to protect our natural resources & defend our environment against President Trump’s reckless, special interest agenda. … The US has long stood as a beacon of freedom for people around the world fleeing persecution—good reminder that turning our backs on that legacy is not only a shameful rejection of our founding principles, but has severe consequences for real people. … More and more, it appears that WA families, growers, & businesses are set to pay the steep price for President Trump’s blustery rhetoric & misguided actions on trade. … This is unconscionable.   President Trump, we have not forgotten about the thousands of children your Administration needlessly separated from their parents—& know that people in WA & across the country will not stop holding you accountable. … In a moment as pivotal as this, it can feel like there’s no way to make a difference. But nothing is further from the truth. In fact, it is essential that President Trump and Republicans hear from people like you nationwide who do not want to go backward. You all know as well as I do that in particular, a Trump #scotus nominee could gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions, and take away constitutional protections for women’s reproductive rights under Roe v. Wade. We have to make our voices heard for #WhatsAtStake Let’s be clear: President Trump has broken a whole lot of campaign promises, but he has never wavered in working to undermine women’s access to health care. … Tweet, post, march, call and write to your elected officials. The more you make your voice heard, the harder it will be for Senate Republicans to support a justice who will take our country backward. #WhatsAtStake Until we know every single child is given the chance to be reunited with their parent, we cannot rest. #KeepFamiliesTogether … It is deeply concerning someone so seriously mistaken about women's health and so hostile to women's reproductive rights is heading the #titleX family planning program. … Everyone in Congress should agree: every family should be able to afford child care, and every child should have a high-quality early education so they can grow, learn, and thrive. … The @EPA should protect our environment, not be another shill for the oil industry. So I urge President Trump to keep looking until he finds a leader who will actually protect the air we breathe and water we drink. After so many ethical violations, it took far too long for Scott Pruitt to leave @EPA. Still, his ouster is welcome news for anyone who likes clean air, clean water & leaders more interested in public health rather than the bottom line of massive corporations & special interests. The lack of high-quality, affordable child care is not just a kids issue, it impacts our entire economy. That’s why we need #ChildCare4All … Wishing everyone a happy and safe 4th of July!pic.twitter.com/QtsQpUZogP This should be one more reminder that the Trump Administration is doing everything they can, every day and at every level, to divide communities and undermine our American values. We have to keep making our voices heard & keep fighting back. … With this latest action, President Trump, Attorney General Sessions, & Secretary DeVos are making it more difficult for colleges and universities to open up doors of opportunity to students and communities who have historically been left behind. … I visited a federal detention center and heard from women fleeing gang violence and terror in their home country. One mother told me she was separated right away from her daughter and didn’t get to hug or even say goodbye. … The Trump Administration supports eliminating protections for those with pre-existing conditions by supporting lawsuits against them. A Trump justice could put health care for 52 million people at risk. #WhatsAtStake My heart aches for these women, and for everyone targeted by President Trump’s cruel and heartless policies over the past year and a half. I talked with some of them with some of them in my home state of Washington. … The Trump Administration supports eliminating protections for those with pre-existing conditions by supporting lawsuits against them. A Trump justice could put health care for 52 million people at risk. #WhatsAtStake Make no mistake, health care for millions of patients and families could depend on who fills the current vacancy in the Supreme Court. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/X5gj3ReRcv On Friday, I went to a federal detention center in my home state of Washington, where I met women who were detained in the past few months after turning themselves in at the southern U.S. border. I wanted to share some of my thoughts with you: … Let’s be clear: when the Trump-Pence Administration tells you not to worry about your constitutionally protected health care rights, you should get worried. If you care about a woman’s right to control her own body in our country, now is the time to make your voice heard. Simply living or traveling near the border is not a sufficient reason to hassle or detain people in WA—proud to introduce legislation to limit warrantless searches near our national borders. … In Spokane & across WA, this bill will help reset the balance between giving law enforcement the tools they need to protect the border & protecting the rights of families & communities who live or travel nearby our national borders … Justice Kennedy’s retirement comes at a time when so many of our values are under attack—we must keep making our voices heard to say we care about how people are treated in this country, we care about a woman’s freedom to make her own decisions. People nationwide need to be heardpic.twitter.com/0vS1P8szce I want to be clear: Republican leaders should give families across the country the opportunity to weigh in, with an election, before moving forward to fill this seat. A right means nothing with the ability to exercise it, which is why we can’t remain silent as radical Republicans create new barriers to prevent women from making their own health care decisions. I won’t stop fighting, and I know women across the country won’t either. Two years ago, the Supreme Court once again affirmed the constitutional right of women to make decisions about their own body and future—including the right to safe, legal abortion. And I will not stop fighting to protect the progress we’ve made. There are plenty of commonsense things we can do to bring down health care costs, for example Washington state’s Medicaid Transformation is leading the way in developing innovative programs to provide higher quality care at lower cost. Let me be clear: women and men in this country understand how directly tied a woman’s freedom to make her own decision about her own body is to her economic security. And they overwhelmingly do not want to see that right rolled back. … One issue that I know women across the country will be focused on and asking about is their constitutionally protected right to control their own health care decisions, affirmed in Roe v. Wade. Voting rights are at stake. LGBTQ progress is at stake. The right to organize collectively is at stake. And those are just a few. There is so much more. People are going to want to know: will their rights be protected? Will their freedoms be secure? Will SCOTUS put people like them first or stand with special interests, big biz, and the most extreme ideologues in our country? I share the deep concern of so many families across this country who are already suffering under the Trump Administration and fear further erosion of the progress in this country. It is clear that Justice Kennedy’s retirement comes at a pivotal point in our nation’s history, when so many of our values are under attack by a president who has spent every day in office testing the limits of our Constitution. TUNE IN:  … … Today, I was planning to speak on the Senate floor about a specific issue related to women’s health care, rights, and freedoms—but before I do that, I’m also going to speak on the news that is clearly very closely connected. -PM I’m heading to the Senate floor shortly to talk about Justice Kennedy’s retirement and what it means for so many women, people, and families across our country. -PM The crisis of rising health care premiums was avoidable. We had a bipartisan deal to stabilize markets and lower costs, but Republican leaders refused to back it. When they're ready to put people before politics, I’m here at the table, ready to take much-needed action. Our economy only works when it works for everyone. Unions helped create the 40 hour workweek, workplace health and safety rules, child labor protections, and strengthen the middle class—and unions are still empowering workers in cities and states nationwide. … “Don’t count us out. Strong unions create strong communities. We will continue fighting, caring, showing up and voting to make possible what is impossible for individuals acting alone.” - @AFTunion Pres @rweingarten #IamAFT #JanusvsAFSCME #union … Democrats are standing with unions and workers, and we’ll keep fighting to build an economy that works for all—not just those at the top. … Back home in Washington state, I’ve met far too many people struggling with skyrocketing drug prices, and rising insurance premiums. Our families are interested in solutions, not President Trump’s sabotage. Democrats will continue to stand up for workers and their right to be treated fairly on the job, and I urge all Republicans in Congress who claim to care about the economic security of the middle class to work with us to strengthen the rights of workers. For more than a century, unions have organized to lift up the voices of workers who were otherwise unheard, and fought for fair pay, safer working conditions, and better benefits. Today’s #SCOTUS decision is a loss for working people and yet another win for corporate special interests that have spent decades funding political campaigns and lawsuits designed to chip away at workers’ rights. About to discuss the impacts of President Trump’s health care sabotage at a HELP Committee hearing on soaring health costs and the need to reduce the burden on families.  … Note to President Trump & Administration officials:    Until every last one of the migrant kids you needlessly separated from their parents are reunited w their families—   We will not let up.    We will not stop asking questions.    We will not stop holding you accountable. I’m joining @SenatorDurbin’s call to encourage kids nationwide to show children who’ve been separated from their parents that we're thinking of them.   Send your cards to: UAC/ORR Program  ATTN: Cards for Kids  330 C Street, SW 5th Floor Washington, D.C. 20201   #cardsforkidspic.twitter.com/tMsMGiaZoP Our government cannot forget its moral obligations to its people & our communities. I will keep fighting to strengthen investments in important WA efforts like Hanford cleanup & keep these priorities front and center on Congress’ agenda … Days later, and we’re still waiting on answers to these questions (& so many more) from the Trump Administration about its reckless family separation policy: … Thank you, @hsdems! Great to talk with you today about how I got my start in politics and how we need to keep working together and making our voices heard.pic.twitter.com/uCyp5aiEWg From protecting WA’s parks to maintaining our scenic trails, the Land & Water Conservation Fund not only helps protect our environment, but preserves our way of life.  Proud to help defend this important fund for the benefit of future generations. … Fantastic news for Hanford cleanup—once again, Democrats & Republicans were able to come together to reject President Trump’s senseless proposed cuts & instead craft a budget that honors the sacrifices of central WA families … I’m pleased we were able to reach a bipartisan agreement to reauthorize a career and technical education law that helps workers and students get the skills they need to succeed in a changing economy. … .@SecAzar just said he can locate any child in the health department's custody within seconds. President Trump needs to reunite these families as quickly as possible and end this horrific crisis he created. … Time and again President Trump has doubled down on his divisive rhetoric about refugees with policies that undermine critical humanitarian efforts and ignore the United States’ role as a world leader. I’m going to keep doing all I can to ensure that the front door of our nation remains open for anyone fleeing horrific violence and seeking to build a life in safety here in the United States—and urge President Trump to reverse his dangerous vision for America’s future. Our country has long stood as a symbol of hope and security for people around the world fleeing persecution and violence, and turning our backs on our global neighbors during one of the worst refugee crises in recent history flies in the face of who we are as a nation. … It's been 1yr since @LittleLobbyists began their fight for families & kids w/ complex medical needs. They sat down w/ @PattyMurray as the Trump admin continues to put protections for people w/ pre-existing conditions in jeopardy. They aren't giving up & neither are we. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/ZZ3roKT1f8 While I’m so grateful that there are millions of people across this country who adamantly refuse to buy into President Trump’s hateful ruse, we cannot take this moment for granted—not for one second. We need to keep sending a message that the Trump Administration’s zero-tolerance policy is cruel, dehumanizing, and in no way represents what so many families in this country fight for every day. Thank you to everyone in WA for continuing to make your voices heard—especially those who came to my office on their last day of school to drop off cards & letters they had collected from neighbors & friends for families torn apart by Trump's zero-tolerance policypic.twitter.com/UTl4AZRCti We need to keep pushing hard for answers from President Trump & @HHSGov about what will happen to the more than 2300 children already separated from their parents, like:   Are they safe?   Do their parents even know where they are?   And when will these families be reunited? Truth from @EverettHerald on Trump’s family separation policy: “….what it was another attempt by Trump to leverage a situation to get what he wanted: acquiescence from Democrats & moderate Republicans in Congress to his terms on immigration reform…” … People in WA & across the nation will continue speaking out until President Trump & his Administration finally address how they plan to reverse the incredible damage they’ve inflicted upon thousands of migrant children & families. … Until President Trump unwinds the damage caused by his reckless, hateful family separation policy, absolutely none of this is OK.  Those of us on the right side of history won’t back down, & we won’t stop raising our voices. Over the past several weeks, I have repeatedly requested details from @SecAzar & @HHSGov officials regarding implementation of President Trump’s cruel and heartless policy of separating families arriving at the U.S. border. I’m not going to stop asking.pic.twitter.com/DiqJSEsK9k As families & communities across the country face the tragedy of gun violence, National ASK Day is a reminder that simple steps can help save lives, which is why I have urged the Trump Administration to take immediate action to promote safe firearm storage. #AskingSavesKids … Today is National ASK (#AskingSavesKids) Day, intended to remind guardians to ask if there are unlocked or loaded guns in places their children live and play. This simple question saves lives, and over 19 million parents have pledged to ask it.pic.twitter.com/eeV3IfB36X We need to keep pushing hard for answers from President Trump & @HHSGov about what will happen to the more than 2300 children already separated from their parents, like:   Are they safe?   Do their parents even know where they are?   And when will these families be reunited? We need to keep sending a message that the Trump Administration’s zero-tolerance policy is cruel, dehumanizing, and in no way represents what so many families in this country fight for every day. While I’m so grateful that there are millions of people across this country who adamantly refuse to buy into President Trump’s hateful ruse, we cannot take this moment for granted—not for one second. Last year, GAO looked at programs to promote safe gun storage (like Lok-It-Up in King County) to better prevent gun-related harm, parents must safely store firearms so children do not encounter them in the first place. #AskingSavesLives  … Since Columbine, over 210,000 students have experienced a shooting on campus–and 85% of the firearms used in these incidents have come from home or a family member. Safe gun storage and responsible firearm ownership are key to protecting our children. #AskingSavesKidspic.twitter.com/yqDqZzDgac If we can find hope in one thing, it is knowing that all the calls and emails and letters—all that outcry—got through to the President to change course on one of his most heartless policies yet. But we can’t let up now. President Trump has claimed for days that he needed Congressional action to do anything at all. Today, he proved that to be simply untrue. We are better than this. We must be better than this. Turning children into bargaining chips, or leverage points, or deterrents—that kind of cruelty should not be an option in our great nation. … We’re still digging into Trump’s EO, but here's what we know right now: If implemented, there will continue to be zero tolerance for all asylum seekers, including domestic violence survivors, a system of locking up children by the thousands & all carried out in our country’s name While it’s a good thing President Trump dialed back his systematic child abuse—it’s not enough.   We are not going to say everything is OK, and we are not going to stay quiet. President Trump says his executive order stops the separation, but does that mean starting today? Next month? When? What about the thousands of children who were removed? Will they ever see their parents again, and if so, when? Where? Today we saw President Trump change his story about whether he did in fact have the ability to make it stop, but so many questions remain: How parents are being informed about their children’s safety, where they are located, when they will be reunited? People nationwide have have been watching the pain this forced family separation has caused so many innocent children and have begged President Trump to pick up the phone, sign a piece of paper—do whatever it takes to make it stop. I’m heading to the Senate floor to lift up the voices of millions of people across the country and in my home state of Washington who have been outraged and frustrated by what President Trump has been doing on our southern border. -PM Don’t think anybody is going to be your voice. Think “What am I going to do to be my own voice?”  So proud to stand with the families, teachers, caregivers, and advocates who are making their voices heard on the need for #ChildCare4All. #movement4childcarepic.twitter.com/iRIy6fAS6E "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free…”  On this World Refugee Day, let’s all pause to reflect on these words from the Statue of Liberty that have welcomed so many to our shores—& strive to live up to our nation's promise of freedom. We can only build the #movement4childcare when people tell their Representatives, ‘I’m not quitting, I’m going to be at your office every, and I’m going to bring all my friends and their kids.” It takes a lot of time and energy, but together we can achieve #ChildCare4Allpic.twitter.com/6962Pnmbhh People across the globe who have held up America as a beacon of freedom are now seeing our government rip apart families seeking safety & asylum, & detaining kids in cages.  President Trump & his Administration should end this cruel practice immediately. NOW: I'm joining @DorrianWarren & grassroots activists from around the country to fight for #ChildCare4All. Join the #movement4childcare and watch our conversation here:   TUNE IN NOW: We are LIVE discussing the #movement4childcare with Senator @PattyMurray and some amazing grassroots activists. Watch here:   Today I'm joining @CCCAction, @CAPEarlyEd, @MomsRising, and hundreds of grassroots advocates to fight for the #movement4childcare. Tune in here at 10:30AM →   People across the country are going to keep paying attention to this—they are going to continue demanding action—and they are going to hold President Trump and this Administration accountable.pic.twitter.com/rUWuVGKuM5 Right now, parents across the country are looking at their own children, and their own grandchildren and putting themselves in the shoes of our fellow humans and asking: Is this who we truly are as a nation? Are these our American values? Thanks for all your work, @morethanmySLE! Every person should have access to the care they need, and I’m going to keep fighting right along with you. … The moral hole that President Trump has been digging since the moment he declared his candidacy has reached a new low—and we cannot allow what has been become expected to become acceptable.   What we are seeing being done right now, in our great country’s name, is truly horrific.pic.twitter.com/PrfIvHGok3 .@realDonaldTrump: You can end this right now—on your own—and you shouldn’t point fingers or wait any longer to act. … I’ve heard from over 5,000 people in my home state of Washington calling on President Trump and his Administration to end this heartless, callous practice of separating children from their families at our southern border. People across the country are seeing what’s happening in their country’s name—a deliberate choice being made by President Trump and his Administration to separate children from their families. And they’re calling for it to stop now.pic.twitter.com/kB3u6tQCoM Women & families fleeing domestic & sexual abuse, kids being forced by violence to join gangs—these are some of the people seeking safety & asylum at our borders.   Turning them away is not only cruel, but undermines our shared values & the promise of the American dream. The 340B drug discount program helps safety net health centers serve our most vulnerable communities—those with the greatest needs and fewest resources. We should build on the successes of this program, not slash benefits and stall accountability. About to discuss President Trump’s repeated attempts to sabotage the 340B drug discount program that helps so many of our struggling communities: … This @wenatcheeworld op-ed gets it right: the Trump Administration’s cruel treatment of migrants seeking security in the US & its reckless policy to separate kids from their parents undermine our nation’s legacy & values. … President Trump could choose to have empathy & show compassion to families fleeing traumatic crime & violence. He could choose to keep families together instead of ripping them apart.   The reality is he simply chooses not to. No matter your party, it should go w/o saying that detaining innocent kids & separating them from their families is beyond cruel.   Now more than ever, we must make our voices heard to end this despicable treatment of families seeking to come to our country. It’s not just apple & wheat growers—w each passing day, it seems that families & industries across WA are paying the severe price of President Trump’s misguided moves on trade. … Powerful words President Trump needs to hear: “Children need their parents, & children in families seeking refuge are especially vulnerable…(l)et us be a nation that values families & offers a promise that all people seeking safety will find it here” … A sad but timely perspective on what’s at stake: “This is now who we are, until we prove we’re better: A country that strategically terrorizes kids and parents while all the regular comings and goings of American life…proceed in normalcy” … .@TeamGleason has garnered respect across the nation throughout his years of exemplary athleticism & passionate advocacy for ALS survivors & families—thrilled to move one step closer to honoring his legacy w the Congressional Gold Medal … Proud to support these efforts that help break down barriers for tribal nations while empowering economic development in our local communities. … From one Coug to another, excited that our legislation to award @TeamGleason the Congressional Gold Medal—Congress’ highest honor—passed the Senate unanimously this week. … “It’s hard to fathom that Trump’s vision of a great America would include traumatizing children & housing their parents in facilities built for murderers & gangsters. It’s certainly not a vision shared by most Americans.” … The Trump Administration’s efforts to deter families from seeking freedom in our country seem to grow crueler w each passing day.    Republican leaders must come back to the table to work w Democrats & finally repair our broken immigration system. Too many futures are at stake. No one in the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights was consulted before @BetsyDeVosED's rolled back guidance to enforce transgender students’ civil rights. This is shameful and wrong. … .@BetsyDeVosED's own employees told her that the discrimination transgender students face in schools can be a matter of life and death. Instead, she backed away from enforcing their civil rights. … While we can and should recognize there is a problem with the overcapacity and oversupply of steel and aluminum, President Trump’s reckless, scattershot approach is threatening relationships with our allies, including our neighbor Canada, and jeopardizing American exports. WA is the most trade dependent state in the nation, and President Trump’s tariffs pose a unique and potentially devastating threat to our growers and economy, as well as the millions of families who could see the costs of everyday goods go up. As @realDonaldTrump escalates his trade war today, I'm urging him: take steps to strengthen the relationships we have with our allies in order to go after bad actors and address unfair trade.   … What a thrill to meet the students & educators representing WA at this year’s #NationalHistoryDay—your passion for history & commitment to excellence is inspiring. Thank you for sharing highlights of WA’s rich culture & heritage w the rest of our nation!pic.twitter.com/S2QxnUEPrM If @BetsyDeVosED really wanted to help student loan borrowers, she would stop listening to the for-profit college executives she hired at the Department, and start listening to the millions of students who are desperately looking for relief. … .@BetsyDeVosED keeps claiming she wants to help students cheated and defrauded by predatory colleges, but at every turn she has put corporate profits ahead of students’ and borrowers’ best interests. … Thanks to WA’s leadership, glad that our state’s students, families & businesses will still have access to a free & open internet—but we must continue to raise our voices until @FCC restores #NetNeutrality protections for consumers across the nation. … Fantastic news for Grays Harbor and all of WA—taking care of our ports & waterways is critical to our state’s economy & maintaining our heritage. Glad to support these investments in our home ports. … Democrats are still at the table. We’ll be here all August ready to fix this for families in Washington state and across the country. I hope Republicans will return to the table and join us on finding solutions to lower patients’ costs and strengthen health care in our country. While President Trump and Attorney General Sessions have never fought for patients—as their latest decision makes abundantly clear—Democrats have never stopped fighting for them. And we’re not going to stop now. Trumpcare failed because people across the country made it clear they didn’t support President Trump’s sabotage agenda. President Trump didn’t listen. Instead he’s continued to undermine health care for our families at every opportunity, and Congressional Republicans have helped. This decision is unacceptable—it will abandon laws that prevent insurers from denying people with pre-existing conditions coverage, charging people more because of their gender, and raising premiums without limit for seniors and effectively pricing them out of the market. Last week, the Trump Administration showed once again there’s no limit to how low and how baseless they’ll go to appeal to extreme Republican donors and special interests. DOJ announced that it will ignore years of precedent and abandon its duty to defend our laws in court. Good reminder of the frightening risks of President Trump’s anti-middle class agenda: “…add all of this to sharp tax cuts & spending increases…plus President Trump’s ill-conceived tariffs upon imports, & conditions are ripe for another financial crisis” … I’m headed to the Senate floor to discuss the Trump-Pence Administration’s most recent act of health care sabotage: abandoning protections for patients with pre-existing conditions. -PM Finding and affording full-day #SummerCare puts added stress on working families. We need #ChildCare4All because every family deserves high-quality care that doesn’t break the bank. Finding and affording full-day #SummerCare puts added stress on working families. We need #ChildCare4All because every family deserves high-quality care that doesn’t break the bank.pic.twitter.com/Y69K9mPR7t Our national parks, from the stunning North Cascades to Mt. Rainier, are just a few of the treasures of our natural landscape—in WA & nationwide. Proud to support legislation to care for these iconic parks & preserve them for future generations. … For Cheyenne and every other person in our country with a pre-existing condition, I promise to keep fighting to make sure you have access to the health care you need to grow up healthy and strong. … When Cheyenne was born, she was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect, excess fluid in her brain, and Down syndrome. All pre-existing conditions that wouldn’t be covered if President Trump and some Republicans got their way.pic.twitter.com/MsnqNjw1Je The pain of separating a parent from their child can be traumatizing and is no way to treat individuals coming to America seeking freedom from violence. The Trump Administration must end this cruel practice now. … The Trump Administration’s decision to turn away people fleeing domestic & gang violence is disturbing, disheartening, and flat out wrong.    Real lives are at stake—we cannot allow this reckless decision to stand. … Homelessness & housing insecurity impact too many in WA & nationwide—hard to see any upside to stripping away vital investments from programs that provide critical housing support to WA families, & glad to see @HUDgov reverse course on this misguided move. … Proud to see WA students embrace equality & lead → “Transgender people are not trying to cause a scene…nor are they trying to make people uncomfortable. The only goal they have is to go to the restroom without being noticed or judged — like anyone else.” … Worth a read—this @Wenatcheeworld editorial does a great job of summing up the direct, negative consequences of President Trump’s reckless moves on trade for WA growers, businesses, & consumers. … Ripping children away from their parents who come to the US fleeing violence goes against everything we stand for—we deserve answers from the Trump Administration about the disgraceful treatment of migrant families on US soil, & I won’t stop holding them accountable.pic.twitter.com/AnovhnvJDP About to join @SenWarren, @RepCummings, and @UniteThePoor for this important discussion on ways we can work together to help struggling communities across the country. … We must do more to understand the impact of workplace harassment—including the economic impact. That means we need more data on issues like how repeated harassment can prompt employees to change careers and drop out of the workforce. … With stories from Sante Fe, Texas & Parkland, Florida—to Marysville, in my home state—we should all know by now that there is no school, no family, no community that is exempt from the tragedy of gun violence. .@PattyMurray on Pres. Trump touting a delayed and diminished update of the Obama Administrations Medicare drug pricing dashboard: … you can’t simply turn in someone else’s work, months late, incomplete, and expect to get extra credit. The impact of President Trump’s tariffs on WA, explained: “What’s not so complicated is the question of whether or not the tariffs will impact our agricultural industry, the economic engine of the region. The answer: Absolutely. This is going to hurt.” … President Trump listing proposals from his partisan budget as accomplishments to reduce drug costs is like saying dinner is served dinner when you’ve only written a grocery list. And in this case, most of the ingredients are for a big nothing-burger. In fact, despite his claim that he was ‘very much eliminating the middlemen,’ his plan includes proposals which would have the opposite effect—empowering the companies he calls middlemen, without any data to suggest it will bring down prices for patients. While campaigning, President Trump constantly brought up the idea of negotiating lower prices through Medicare—but it’s nowhere to be found in his proposal. As with so many other issues, President Trump talked a big game, and then, instead of backing it up, he backed away. President Trump hyped his drug pricing plan as a big step forward—it’s very clearly not. In fact, when he announced his plan to bring drug companies’ prices down, their stocks actually went up. Too many families are struggling to make ends meet because of skyrocketing drug prices. 1 in 4 people report that someone in their family didn’t get a prescription filled because cost. 1 in 4 cancer patients avoided filling a prescription for the same reason. As a candidate, President Trump talked a big game on lowering drug prices, but after 500 days in office the only health care “Price” he has dropped is his former Secretary. About to discuss the Trump Administration’s blueprint to reduce prescription drug prices, which offers far more questions than answers (135 questions, to be exact).  … Workplace harassment hurts everyone—the true cost of sexual harassment includes decreased productivity, increased turnover, and reputational harm. It’s time we understood the scope of this problem better so we can do more to address it. … "It’s the dawn of a new era in America, one without any net neutrality protections—unless you happen to live in Washington state.” #NetNeutralty … RT if you agree that we can’t let our federal government forget its moral & legal responsibility to Hanford cleanup & the sacrifices made by families & communities throughout central WA. … We know that no employee should feel unsafe or harassed in the workplace, but we don’t know the economic costs of workplace harassment—it’s long past time that changed. … Attorney General Sessions’ decision is cruel, deeply wrong, and yet another example of the Trump Administration’s blatant and frightening disregard for women’s lives. Each year, tens of thousands of women look to the United States for safety from unimaginable, often life-threatening abuse, and for the opportunity to rebuild their lives. Despite what President Trump & AG  Sessions may want to claim, domestic violence is not just a ‘private’ concern—and the United States should be a leader among nations in rooting it out here at home and protecting those who flee their homes to escape this scourge abroad. … This is a disappointing day for internet freedom & consumers, but our fight is not over—we must continue to raise our voices for #NetNeutrality & press @FCC to reverse this misguided move for families, students, & entrepreneurs. … .@RepJayapal is right—this treatment of those seeking a better life on US soil is disturbing & cruel.    We cannot allow this to continue. President Trump & Republican leaders must keep their word & work w/ Democrats to fix our broken immigration system. … What a powerful story—wishing the best of luck to Cheyenne & her peers as you embark upon life’s next journey, & hoping the lessons we learned from your tragedy will continue to inform our work to protect the next generation of students from gun violence. … Maintaining a healthy Mill Creek is critically important to Eastern WA’s long-term vitality & safety. Proud to support strong investments like these in Walla Walla’s infrastructure that will continue to help spur local economic growth.  … College is more than the cost of classes, & too many students struggle to complete their education while trying to balance life’s expenses.    We must work together to support students by addressing all of the costs they’re facing—not just the most obvious … #NetNeutrality means consumers — not big corporations— choose what websites and applications we see online. Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues in the People’s House. #SaveTheInternet The internet doesn’t belong to @AjitPaiFCC and @realDonaldTrump. And this fight isn’t over—we must keep doing everything we can #SaveTheInternet. WA’s tribal communities have been hit hard by the #opioidcrisis, in particular. Glad to spend time w tribal leaders & others in Puyallup discussing how to better address the scourge of addiction in WA & its ripple effects. … Steve has been a passionate warrior since his football days & has carried that dedication through to his tireless advocacy on behalf of ALS survivors. Thrilled to see my colleagues join our call to honor his inspiring legacy. … Powerful stories at our discussion in Puyallup on the opioid epidemic—in order to heal our communities from the tragedy of addiction, we must treat the #opioidcrisis more like the public health challenge it really is. … The Congressional Gold Medal is an honor reserved for Americans who have made an indelible impact on our nation & culture through their service—proud to stand w my colleagues to honor Steve’s incredible legacy w this well-deserved recognition.  … Secretary DeVos’ “student safety” commission was convened in the wake of the Parkland shooting, but will not study the one thing that all school shootings have in common: guns. … This is absurd, but unfortunately unsurprising. We can’t expect the Trump Administration to get serious about solving the issue of gun violence in our schools if they can’t even name the problem. … Good summation of the dangers of President Trump’s recent moves to raise tariffs on our allies: “…the prospect of a trade war is damaging to the economy in Washington and the rest of the country. And it belies the lessons of the past.” … After months of Republicans trying to enact Trumpcare by sabotage, it’s clear that families in WA & nationwide are unfortunately paying the price for Republicans’ reckless, partisan approach to fixing health care. … In 2018, women are seeing attacks on their health and rights, they’re standing up and speaking out and saying, “who is saying what I would say?”pic.twitter.com/cVq10BFhlS From stripping away protections for DREAMers to the disgraceful treatment of migrant children on our soil, it is evident that our immigration system is broken.   Democrats remain ready to work toward solutions, but we need action from Republican leaders to get it done. President Trump promised to negotiate better trade deals for American workers, but so far the impact of his misguided actions will likely only hurt WA growers & raise costs for consumers: … What a thrilling ride, indeed—yesterday’s game may not have ended how we wanted, but it doesn’t diminish @UWSoftball's inspiring drive & amazing accomplishments this season. WA is so proud of you! #MightyAreTheWomen … President Trump promised not to cut Medicare, but recent reports show that his tax plan could weaken it and hurt patients nationwide. Republicans’ relentless health care sabotage has got to stop. … Countless women in WA & across the nation depend on health providers like Planned Parenthood for basic care. It’s impossible to overstate the detrimental impact President Trump’s ideological assault on women’s reproductive health will have on families & public health. Sending positive energy to @UWSoftball ahead of tonight’s game—you’ve got a state full of proud Washingtonians cheering you on! #MightyAreTheWomen This is disgraceful. I share @SenJeffMerkley’s outrage at the treatment of these children on US soil, and we must continue fighting back against President Trump’s repeated attempts to take our country backward. … Now, President Trump is finalizing policies to allow insurers to sell junk plans, which would spike health care costs for sick patients & gut protections intended to ensure coverage meets the needs of women, seniors, and people who need mental health & substance abuse treatment. … Make no mistake: even though President Trump wasn’t able to jam his awful Trumpcare bill through Congress, he is implementing it step-by-step from the Oval Office—and it is driving up health costs for people nationwide. Proud to see WA continue to stand with our LGBTQ family, friends, & neighbors in affirming that there’s no tolerance for discrimination in our state: … This is another example of an empty promise made by @BetsyDeVosED and this Administration to address the senseless gun violence devastating families, schools, and communities around the country. … Yesterday people across Washington state saw in stark terms that they are now paying the price for Republicans’ partisan, political approach to health care in our country. … Today, I urged @BetsyDeVosED to commit to testify in front of the HELP Committee on what meaningful gun safety reform we can enact to help end this scourge of violence in our schools.pic.twitter.com/dBgimc97lK My first Senate floor speech is about the path that got me here, and the contributions women can make when they have the freedom to do so. WATCH:  … Hope you’ll join me by watching my floor speech—live—here on my Facebook page at approximately 10:45 AM CT:  … With this budget, once again, @BetsyDeVosED is ignoring what millions of parents, teachers, and students are asking for — and has instead proposed more than $4 billion in cuts to elementary and secondary education.pic.twitter.com/MTlyumhDVO .@BetsyDeVosED has taken concerning steps to undermine students’ rights by attempting to scale back the Office for Civil Rights; she’s rescinded guidance protecting transgender students, has made it easier for schools to again sweep sexual assault under the rug, and so much more. .@BetsyDeVosED has made it easier for predatory for-profit colleges and student loan companies to take advantage of students by rolling back a number of consumer protections, and has effectively dismantled the unit that investigates claims of fraud and abuse. .@BetsyDeVosED continues to prioritize her extreme privatization agenda—which would siphon taxpayer dollars away from public schools. No matter how we judge @BetsyDeVosED’s actions over the past year—either on the basis of proficiency or growth—the result is a failing grade. This couldn’t be clearer when looking at her actions over the past year --and today, I’m prepared to ask her questions on the budget she is in the Senate to defend:  … … Instead of listening to the concerns of parents, teachers, & students who have made their voices heard, @BetsyDeVosED has doubled down on a harmful agenda & filled the @usedgov with for-profit college executives & lobbyists looking out for their former employers and clients. Must-read op-ed on the threat of losing the Arctic Refuge, one of our last great wild places, to oil & gas drilling: “We should not be a nation that trades away our children’s future for reckless, shortsighted political gimmicks. We are better than this.” … More evidence of how President Trump’s hasty & misguided decision-making leads to bad policy w/ potentially devastating consequences for WA businesses & families. … Families across the Pacific Northwest are indebted to @pspilots1935 who keep WA’s waters clean, safe, & fully operational—proud to be your partner & work together to strengthen investments in our vital maritime industries for the next 150 years & beyond … Today, students' dreams of owning a home, having kids, and some day having money to retire take a back seat as the crushing burden of student debt is keeping them from investing in their futures. … WA is home to some of our nation’s most iconic natural treasures & countless environment & outdoor enthusiasts w a passion for protecting our precious lands. Glad to see @NatlParkService make a new home in Vancouver, WA! … I’m proud to support legislation Senator @timkaine introduced to protect children if they are separated from their parents, and I’m going to continue looking at what else we can to do end the Trump Administration's deeply wrong policy. I’m at the table and ready to keep working, and I’m hoping that Chairman Alexander reconsiders and joins me so we can get this done. I have made it clear that I want to reauthorize the Higher Education Act to address the rising costs of college, increase access to underrepresented students, hold schools accountable for student success, and ensure every student is safe & free from discrimination on campus. .@SallyJewell is right—the Arctic Refuge is one of our planet’s last great natural treasures, & we must do everything in our power to protect it from the Trump Administration’s anti-environment agenda. … Congratulations @UWSoftball! It's been amazing to watch your passion for the game, and I'm wishing you luck as you head to the finals #MightyAreTheWomen … We know our tribal communities have been hit particularly hard by the opioid epidemic. I admire their resilience, and I am proud to have included special provisions in my bipartisan opioid response bill to help them. … Yesterday, I heard from the Bremerton community about their efforts to discourage opioid misuse, expand access to treatment, and prevent opioid-related deaths. I will continue working to give our communities the resources they need stay healthy. … At the end of the day, a woman’s ability to make the health care choices that are right for her is fundamental to her economic security, her independence, and her ability to shape her own future. This weekend I urge you to join me in recognizing National Gun Violence Awareness Weekend. It’s time for us to stand up and join together and fight back because I believe if we come together we can finally begin to address this critical issue in our country. #WearOrangeWeekendpic.twitter.com/20ydqXubp4 I’m wearing orange because across the country we have seen gun violence in every community, from Sante Fe, Texas, to Parkland, Florida, to Washington state, in way too many communities. It’s time for us to stand up and join together and fight back. #WearOrangepic.twitter.com/F1myQOkHIV I had the opportunity to hear more about how the opioid crisis is affecting Kitsap County. These stories put a much-needed human face on the epidemic, and remind us how important it is to stop punishing addiction and start providing necessary care. … The longer we wait to take action, the longer sexual assault and workplace harassment can still be swept under the rug. Doing everything we can to find out the impacts on workers and our economy would be a good step forward. … Proud to join @SenGillibrand, @SenWarren, & @SenFeinstein to call on Gov Accountability Office to investigate the economic impacts that sexual harassment in the workplace can have on our economy. We have a lot of work to do to address this pervasive issue.  … … We know the opioid crisis affects everyone in our communities, including families and children. I heard more about the challenges they face firsthand from members of the Puyallup community yesterday. … It’s going to take all of us working to combat the opioid epidemic. Thanks to those at Peninsula Community Health Services for the work you’re doing to help families across Washington state.pic.twitter.com/20edoXDPer Having access to high-quality child care can make all the difference for young parents trying to finish their degree. It’s inspiring to see the good work happening at Oakland HS to ensure all students succeed.pic.twitter.com/fGN1SiHuRi The Trump-Pence Administration’s most recent attack on women’s health will only energize Democrats across the country. Those who believe in a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions about her own body will keep making their voices heard. I am proud of Washington state for leading the way in sexual health education. Lesson plans from King County’s highly-successful Family Life and Sexual Health (FLASH) program were downloaded 80,000 times last year by educators across the country. I’m glad that despite the Trump-Pence Administration’s attempts to undermine investments in the health of women and youths, King County can continue providing young people the information they need to make healthy decisions and plan for their futures: … It was an honor to tour PLU's Nursing School in Tacoma today to meet the next generation of nurses, incl many who will go on to work in underserved regions. Thank you to all nurses for what you do to make our country stronger, safer, and healthier.pic.twitter.com/30ZCPaTFY8 .@EverettHerald is correct—President Trump’s attempt to roll back family planning funding will only lead to more unplanned pregnancies, disproportionately affect low-income women, and overburden our community health centers: … Ending veteran homelessness in the US won’t be easy, but we can never ever ease up on our duty to care for those who served. I’m so proud to see WA’s Kittitas County leading the way on this effort. … As the daughter of a World War II veteran, I know the sacrifice that servicemembers & their families make to protect our nation and defend our freedom. But there is no sacrifice greater than the sacrifice made by servicemembers who gave their lives for this country. #MemorialDay On this Memorial Day, I hope every American has an opportunity to honor the brave men and women who paid the ultimate price for our freedoms and that as a country, we take this opportunity to renew our commitment to all of those who have served or are currently serving.pic.twitter.com/7m1mojfGnC Another report shows that in Washington state Republicans’ junk plans and repeal efforts are estimated to cause premiums to increase over a thousand dollars. Higher premiums and more uninsured are the trend across the country—but they didn’t have to be. … #TitleX family planning funds are critical for women across the country, and according to recent studies, in 2015, these funds supported contraceptive services that helped WA women to prevent 17,700 unintended pregnancies and 6,000 abortions.pic.twitter.com/eYc4bybilO The new warnings about the impact of Republicans’ health care sabotage efforts are becoming alarmingly familiar. Rising health care costs and millions more uninsured. … In Washington state in 2015, there were 64 family planning clinics that received #TitleX funding, providing care for 82,520 women. President Trump’s move to roll back these family planning funds is an attack on women’s health and freedoms.pic.twitter.com/mogr01cUnS Republican’s don’t have to continue down this destructive path, and I hope they won’t choose to—Democrats are still at the table and ready to work together on serious solutions to try to lower costs, expand access, and help more families get the care they need. Unfortunately Republican leaders are more focused on appealing to their far-right base than solving problems. They ended talks by demanding language to undermine women’s health care they knew was a nonstarter, some are even back to extreme repeal efforts. … President Trump didn’t have to undermine health care by expanding junk insurance, Republicans didn’t have to sabotage it with a partisan tax bill, and they certainly didn’t have to torpedo bipartisan efforts to make things better. In 2015, #TitleX provided contraceptive care for 3.8 million women. And in NV alone, there were 17 #TitleX family planning clinics that received funding, providing care for 10,310 women. @realDonaldTrump's move to gut this funding is an attack on women's health & freedoms.pic.twitter.com/HekBiut5rc We’ve now shown that we can work together to make progress on this issue, and there is every reason to keep pushing for more—here in Congress and in workplaces across the country. That’s exactly what we plan to do. … This step forward was only possible because women chose to come forward with painful stories of assault and harassment in order to prevent other women from experiencing the same. I am inspired by their courage. … 