The U.S. Senate should move in a serious but deliberate and cautious path tomorrow. It should not spend time prosecuting a woman, but rather listening to the facts and information that she gives. My Republican colleagues don't think they're doing damage, they think they're sticking up for a nominee. But the desire today has to be that we don't make the same mistakes as other institutions. We must pay attention to these allegations and we must take them seriously. Thank you @ACSCAN for your tireless efforts to influence change and work with us to boost cancer research funding. Seeking a cure for this disease doesn’t just happen in the doctor’s office or the research lab, and I'm proud to stand with you in this fight.pic.twitter.com/G8CQxYqNXR The United States Senate should not rush through this process and say that a vote on the Supreme Court is more important than getting the truth. We need a nonpartisan investigation into the facts of these allegations against this Supreme Court nominee. Having a well and highly skilled workforce is key to keeping a robust and lean supply chain in the United States, which helps us continue to produce #manufacturing jobs right here at home. Manufacturing jobs help people move from working class to middle class. Cantwell remarks from the Senate floor on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court: … From salmon to farming and outdoor recreation, the Methow Valley holds a special place in the Washington way of life. We can’t afford to lose this area to copper mining. … The U.S. Senate, as an institution, must come to terms with the fact that sexual assault is a cultural problem in the United States of America. We must do our part. We must help. We must take the time to find the truth.pic.twitter.com/lBTm0IyBN3 The question before us in the United States Senate is this: Are we going to take serious the Supreme Court nomination process and not rush it to a conclusion? We must not join the ranks of other institutions who have swept allegations under the rug.pic.twitter.com/prRVIgOmUi It's time for us to slow down and have a nonpartisan investigation into the accusations that have been made by three women against Judge Brett Kavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/hTBjaa4kYY President Trump's tariffs aren't making us more competitive, they're making it more expensive for consumers. If we want to keep manufacturing jobs in the United States, then we should invest in the supply chain, invest in training our workforce, and invest in the R&D. Great to meet with @WAHospitals to talk about how we’re working together to tackle the #opioidcrisis, expand telemedicine, and help rural and Critical Access Hospitals continue serving Medicare patients & their communities.pic.twitter.com/Aj6tELQqie LIVE NOW: I’m speaking from the Senate floor about Judge Kavanaugh and the growing number of sexual assault allegations against him.  WATCH HERE    COMING UP: As the U.S. Senate prepares for tomorrow’s hearing on the allegations made about Judge Brett Kavanaugh, I’m about to speak about his nomination from the Senate floor.  Tune in here at 1:00 PM PDT    I am encouraged the @ForestService is taking this important step, and I will continue working with the Department of the @Interior and the local community to move the process forward and protect the #MethowValley for generations to come. … In Snohomish County, we successfully secured federal funds for Community Transit’s new Swift Bust Rapid Transit line between Paine Field & Canyon Park & Port of Everett’s South Terminal project. I joined @EconAllianceSC to discuss the continued need for infrastructure investment.pic.twitter.com/zm66y2tYAS It is imperative the U.S. obtain a positive and permanent resolution for U.S. #polysilicon companies. Without a resolution, hundreds of workers will lose their jobs and U.S. control of the world’s most advanced polysilicon technology could be jeopardized. … The Land & Water Conservation Fund is a bipartisan commitment to safeguard natural areas, water resources & our cultural heritage, & to provide recreation opportunities to all Americans. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/xAy1yHxdul From salmon to farming and outdoor recreation, the Methow Valley holds a special place in the Washington way of life. We can’t afford to lose this area to copper mining. … "In Washington, more than $675 million has been invested in outdoor spaces. In recent years, that has contributed to the creation of Fallen Leaf Lake Park near Camas and to conservation efforts near Mount St. Helens."  #SaveLWCF … The Trump administration may soon reengage China in a new round of trade talks. @PattyMurray, @RepNewhouse, @DaveReichert, @RepDennyHeck and I have strongly encouraged it to raise the immediate and dire issues facing the U.S. #polysilicon industry. … Congratulations to Marc Gallaway, principal at Selah Middle School, for being selected as Washington’s Middle School Principal of the Year by @AWSP_Principals. Thank you for your incredible work on behalf of the students at @The_VikingWay.pic.twitter.com/Y5F9wPvUml Conservation projects across the U.S. are at risk if #LWCF expires. We must act now to #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/F3MphynJ3h The @USDA rightly decided to include sweet cherries in a program to assist farmers hurt by unjustified retaliatory tariffs. This decision comes after @PattyMurray, @DaveReichert, @RepNewhouse & I sent a bipartisan letter to @SecretarySonny back in August:  . I met with @Robbie_Bach of @BGCA_Clubs today to discuss workforce development initiatives, which focus on financial literacy, career assessment & college preparation. In our state, @BGCWA_Clubs reaches 120,000 young people & 99% of alumni earn a high school diploma or equivalent.pic.twitter.com/Jr0cLD1N0k National parks like @RockyNPS & @GrandCanyonNPS, wildlife refuges, rivers & lakes, community parks, trails, & ball fields in each state were set aside for Americans to enjoy thanks to the Land & Water Conservation Fund. We must #SaveLWCF before the places we love are lost foreverpic.twitter.com/oHXRlOfZjg The U.S. @ForestService recently recommended that @BLMNational withdraw 340,000 acres in the Methow Valley from consideration for mining for a 20 year period. I am encouraged the Forest Service is taking this important step.  Read more here    America's most important conservation & recreation program, which has saved places in nearly every state and every county in the U.S., will expire on September 30th without action from Congress. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/ii57bWSRoy In July, we warned President Trump that the trade dispute between the U.S. and China over #solar power was threatening hundreds of highly skilled jobs in Washington state. The closure of REC Silicon will severely impact the economy of Eastern Washington. … Reauthorizing #LWCF as a permanent program before September 30th is essential to meet imminent threats to our national parks and public lands, and to provide critical public access and outdoor opportunities that our communities need.  #SaveLWCF … I've joined @PattyMurray, @RepNewhouse, @DaveReichert, and @RepDennyHeck to renew our bipartisan defense of the U.S. #polysilicon manufacturing industry in a letter to President Trump. … I'm pleased that cherry growers will receive access to the relief measures being developed for U.S. agricultural commodities that have been negatively impacted by retaliatory tariffs.  Read more about the available aid here:  . From salmon to farming and outdoor recreation, the #MethowValley holds a special place in the Washington way of life. We can’t afford to lose this area to copper mining.  Read more here    With the passage of this legislation in the U.S. Senate, we are one step closer to giving law enforcement the tools they need to help us fight the #opioidcrisis. … As @Wilderness explains, the Land & Water Conservation Fund is “based on a simple idea: When you deplete the earth’s finite natural resources, some of the proceeds should pay to strengthen conservation.” #SaveLWCF … What we need is a non-partisan investigation into the facts and information, which could help the Judiciary Committee members and others understand exactly what transpired. We need to get this right. … From Port Angeles to Spokane, I guarantee you I’ve heard about this problem, seen how our communities are struggling, and this is the very help they’ve been asking for. #opioidcrisis … In Seattle, I was with @PattyMurray, @PPVNH, and @ProChoiceWA to say that we should not rush Brett Kavanaugh's nomination process before we have all the facts. We need to get this right.pic.twitter.com/D6fhx6qBut With the passage of this legislation in the U.S. Senate, we are one step closer to giving law enforcement the tools they need to help us fight the #opioidcrisis.  Making sure survivors of sexual assault are heard is so important. We must treat Dr. Ford’s allegation against Judge Kavanaugh seriously.  We want to make sure that those with chronic pain are getting the help they need. But we also want to have tools in the community to prevent the illicit distribution or over-prescribing of these drugs. #opioidcrisis … We need to do something now to make sure that opioid manufacturers follow the laws that are already on the books. This legislation takes a major step forward by including strong penalties for negligent opioid distribution. … We must treat Dr. Ford’s allegation against Judge Kavanaugh seriously. We need a nonpartisan investigation into the facts, which could help the Judiciary Committee understand exactly what transpired. We should not rush this process and hurry to a vote. We need to get this right. In Seattle, I joined @AGOWA Ferguson, health officials, and local law enforcement leaders to discuss the importance of major bipartisan legislation passed in the Senate to combat the ongoing #opioid and heroin epidemic. … I have previously announced that I do not support Judge Kavanaugh's nomination, but we're now discussing a larger issue. We need a nonpartisan investigation into the facts and information of Dr. Ford's allegation. Current fines for failing to follow the federal law just aren’t enough. That's why there's a provision in this legislation to increase civil penalties for #opioid manufacturers who fail to follow the law by 10 times, from $10,000 to $100,000 per violation. With the passage of this legislation in the U.S. Senate, we are one step closer to giving law enforcement the tools they need to help us fight the #opioidcrisis. … .@SenatorCantwell signed a Senate letter opposing the weakening of the #EndangeredSpeciesAct. We need more strong voices of leadership like hers to defend vulnerable species. If you want to save the #ESA, please weigh in now. … Grand Staircase-Escalante was protected as a national monument 22 years ago this week, and it’s been driving a vibrant outdoor economy ever since. Now President Trump is using unlawful authority to pollute these special places. #MonumentsForAllpic.twitter.com/9g1ab0ya4h I will continue to fight for Washington’s small airports & making smart investments in infrastructure throughout the Northwest, especially in our rural communities. Pullman-Moscow Regional Airport just received an additional $7 million for its new runway!   "During the Land & Water Conservation Fund's existence, it has been used to purchase and preserve public land and water, protecting some 7 million acres and providing more than $16 billion for projects in all 50 states." —@thecolumbian #SaveLWCF … "This is the way that govt is supposed to work. Federal govt, local govt, state govt all working together to solve problems. The problem is large, the problem is difficult" - Sheriff Pastor speaking w/@SenatorCantwell on Opioid Crisis Response Act.  Video:  pic.twitter.com/Q0USBeKxx3 Great news: #PullmanMoscow Regional Airport will receive an additional $7 million in funding for the ongoing construction of a new runway.  This funding is critical to getting the new runway project done and creating more economic opportunity for everyone on the Palouse. LIVE NOW: I'm joining state and local law enforcement officials, public health officials, and others to highlight the importance of legislation that passed the Senate this week to combat the ongoing opioid & heroin epidemic.  WATCH HERE    On this week in 1996, Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument was designated to protect a spectacular landscape. 22 years later, President Trump is using unlawful authority to pollute this special place. His administration deserves an ‘F’ for stewardship. #MonumentsForAllpic.twitter.com/kvWpceMUw9 ICYMI: @SenatorCantwell's statement regarding @Interior’s decision to roll back the @BLMNational's Methane and Waste Prevention Rule.   More here →  pic.twitter.com/ScbMVBPL3Y Reauthorizing #LWCF as a permanent program before September 30th is essential to meet imminent threats to our national parks and public lands, and to provide critical public access and outdoor opportunities that our communities need.  #SaveLWCF   pic.twitter.com/l2gdzfAWBK Retweet if you agree with @Wilderness on the Land & Water Conservation Fund:  "When you deplete the earth’s finite natural resources, some of the proceeds should pay to strengthen conservation."  #SaveLWCF … From Port Angeles to Spokane, I've seen how our communities are struggling with the #opioidepidemic. The legislation passed in the U.S. Senate last night is the very help they’ve been asking for. Read about it here    If protections for pre-existing conditions are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could not have #health insurance either because it’s too costly or because they’re denied coverage. #DidYouKnow: The Land and Water Conservation Fund is supported entirely through royalties paid by oil and gas corporations for offshore leases. We only have until the end of the month to #SaveLWCF. … My thoughts on the upcoming Senate Judiciary Committee hearing regarding Brett Kavanaugh:pic.twitter.com/cGqR3qQLJe #Healthcare access and protections are at risk. Now, Republican attorneys general and the Trump administration are asking a federal court to strike down the Affordable Care Act’s pre-existing condition protections, in a case that could end up before the Supreme Court. #ACA "For more than 50 years, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has been used to preserve, protect and enhance natural areas that belong to all Americans — at no expense to taxpayers." —@thecolumbian #SaveLWCF … Legislation that just passed the U.S. Senate to combat the #opioidepidemic includes a crack-down on illegal drug distribution, increased funding & resources for drug treatment, and support for new research & treatment alternatives. Read more here    Thank you, Senator Cantwell! We’re so grateful for the amazing community support we have here in the Inland Northwest. I hope my colleagues will take time next week to look at this information and consider it carefully. We should slow down the process and make sure we have the information in front of our colleagues before they vote. … Women are 80% more likely than men to face poverty in #retirement. That’s why @PattyMurray & I introduced legislation to address some of the challenges families face as they plan for the future. Learn about the Women's Pension Protection Act of 2018 here:   Happy Birthday to the @USAirForce and all of the airmen at @TeamFairchild! Thank you for 71 years of dedicated service to our country. #AFBDay … Legislation that passed the Senate yesterday to combat the #opioidepidemic includes provisions from a bill I introduced with @SenKamalaHarris back in February. Our bill received broad support from a bipartisan group of 39 state & territory attorneys general. The American people have spoken loud and clear: they want their government to make #healthcare more affordable and guarantee insurance protections – not continue with attempts to undermine coverage. Today, provisions I introduced to combat the #opioidepidemic & hold drug manufacturers accountable for negligent & misleading distribution practices passed the U.S. Senate by a vote of 99-1.  Read more here    LIVE NOW: Before the Senate votes on the Opioid Crisis Response Act, I'm talking about how this legislation will help combat the #opioid epidemic & hold drug manufacturers accountable for negligent & misleading distribution practices. Watch here    It's critical that all Americans have the opportunity to comment on President Trump's proposed rollback of fuel economy standards. The proposal would impact the fuel efficiency of passenger vehicles, increase consumer expenses & harm human health.    I’ve cosponsored legislation to overturn the Trump administration’s expansion of “junk insurance” #healthcare plans, which would raise premiums for older Americans & undermine coverage for millions of people with pre-existing conditions. Reauthorizing #LWCF as a permanent program before September 30th is essential to meet imminent threats to our national parks and public lands, and to provide critical public access and outdoor opportunities that our communities need.  #SaveLWCF … Congrats @SeattleStorm! So glad I could celebrate this #WNBA championship with you today.  #WeRepS3ATTLEpic.twitter.com/7RXfRQfuuh The American people have spoken loud and clear: they want their government to make #healthcare more affordable and guarantee insurance protections – not continue with attempts to undermine coverage. … The U.S. Supreme Court serves as an important check on presidential power. In his hearing, Judge Kavanaugh refused to say whether a president could pardon himself or respond to a subpoena. I oppose his confirmation. I’m proud to join @SenatorBaldwin in introducing a resolution to overturn the Trump administration’s expansion of junk health insurance plans that can exclude basic benefits like hospital stays, prescription drugs, and maternity care. #NoJunkPlanspic.twitter.com/3HPBDtlsIC "Beyond the goals of preserving public land and providing recreational opportunities... the projects #LWCF funds have helped support a $26.2 billion outdoor recreation industry in Washington state that sustains about 201,000 jobs..." —@EverettHerald … If protections for pre-existing conditions are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could not have #health insurance either because it’s too costly or because they’re denied coverage. Judge Kavanaugh's views raise fundamental questions about whether he will uphold the Supreme Court’s role in our constitutional system of checks & balances at this critical time in our nation’s history. No one is above the law – especially the president. The Women’s Pension Protection Act of 2018 includes a set of solutions to help strengthen women’s #retirement security. I'm proud to have introduced this legislation along with @PattyMurray and 15 other female senators. Learn more here    The Trump administration is carrying out a constant attack on women’s health. It is undermining the #TitleX family planning program & proposing a new gag rule that interferes with doctors’ ability to provide patients information about reproductive care. … The Affordable Care Act made a number of improvements to #health insurance, including protecting people with pre-existing conditions from being denied insurance or charged more on the basis of their health status. We must defend this provision of the law. #ACA For too long, the rules that govern when and how songwriters are paid when their songs are streamed or purchased online have been based on an outdated framework from the days of the player piano. I'm proud to support the bipartisan #MusicModernizationAct to change that.  If the Republican AGs & the Trump administration have their way, more than 3 million Washingtonians with common health conditions could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could be discriminated against because of their medical history. … I’ve cosponsored legislation to overturn the Trump administration’s expansion of “junk insurance” #healthcare plans, which would raise premiums for older Americans & undermine coverage for millions of people with pre-existing conditions. Judge Kavanaugh has ruled in favor of a restrictive voter identification law, supported expanded warrantless surveillance, and maintained that the FCC’s net neutrality rule was unconstitutional. After having reviewed his full record, I oppose his confirmation. #Healthcare access and protections are at risk. Now, Republican attorneys general and the Trump administration are asking a federal court to strike down the Affordable Care Act’s pre-existing condition protections, in a case that could end up before the Supreme Court. #ACA In his hearing, Judge Kavanaugh would not answer whether he believes Roe v. Wade was rightly decided & failed to assure senators he would not erode its critical protections. I oppose his confirmation. In 1964, Scoop Jackson had this to say about the Land & Water Conservation Fund. Today, 54 years later, his words still ring true. We must continue working together to reauthorize #LWCF before the end of the month. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/5SvdXAnfVp If the Republican AG suit succeeds, the entire Affordable Care Act—Medicaid expansion, insurance protections, delivery system reforms & more—would be struck down, jeopardizing #healthcare for millions & throwing the health care system into even more chaos. … Under junk insurance plans, Washingtonians could face higher premiums and be denied coverage of essential benefits, including hospitalization, maternity care, preventative care, prescription drugs, laboratory care and substance abuse treatment. … We owe it to the American people to evaluate Supreme Court nominees in a transparent & fair process. Unfortunately, the process so far has been anything but. The White House should make Judge Kavanaugh’s full record available immediately. The @EverettHerald is right: "In Washington state alone, #LWCF has invested more than $675 million since its inception to expand & protect parks as large & as wild as @MountRainierNPS to preserves closer to home like Bothell’s North Creek Forest..."   I've introduced legislation with @PattyMurray to address some of the challenges that disproportionately affect women as they plan for retirement. Our bill would strengthen consumer protections to safeguard #retirement savings & expand access to these plans. The #MusicModernizationAct  creates a single blanket license for digital music services, saving them time & expense and ensuring songwriters are actually paid when their songs are played. I'm proud to support this legislation to bring music licensing laws into the 21st century. It's critical that all Americans have the opportunity to comment on President Trump's proposed rollback of fuel economy standards. The proposal would impact the fuel efficiency of passenger vehicles, increase consumer expenses & harm human health.    The Land and Water Conservation Fund expires at the end of this month and I'm working very hard with my colleagues @SenatorBurr and @lisamurkowski to get #LWCF reauthorized. We’ve introduced bipartisan legislation that has over 47 cosponsors. #SaveLWCF Women are 80% more likely than men to face poverty in #retirement. That’s why @PattyMurray & I introduced legislation to address some of the challenges families face as they plan for the future.  Learn about the Women's Pension Protection Act of 2018 here:   I’m proud to cosponsor bipartisan legislation to bring music licensing laws into the 21st century. The #MusicModernizationAct creates a more efficient, transparent licensing process & seeks to ensure songwriters, recording artists & music producers are fairly paid for their work. The Trump administration has proposed a rollback of the federal fuel economy & #greenhousegas emission standards. This would not only impact the fuel efficiency of passenger vehicles, but it would increase consumer expenses, harm human health, & stifle technological innovation. Washington state is an international leader in #aerospace manufacturing and aerospace jobs. Just this week we were again ranked #1 for aerospace manufacturing!   Read more here   pic.twitter.com/6zGXfqewYh Judge Kavanaugh has refused to uphold the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act, ruled against workers’ rights in favor of corporate interests, and would have struck down protections under the Clean Air Act and efforts to fight climate change. I oppose his confirmation. I’ve called on @SecAzar to stop the Trump administration’s proposal to implement a domestic gag rule on #TitleX. We must protect #healthcare access for millions of women. #NoGagRule … The Land & Water Conservation Fund was originally legislation passed by our own Scoop Jackson. It's so important to have those special places where people can hunt and fish and recreate. Public lands are so critical to us. #SaveLWCF In 2006, I voted against the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to serve as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit because I had concerns his judicial philosophy might have been outside the mainstream. His record on the D.C. Circuit Court affirmed those concerns. Tribal council members in Washington state and throughout the country have dedicated their lives to service and improving their communities. They deserve the same access to Social Security that all other Americans have. … The American people have spoken loud and clear: they want their government to make #healthcare more affordable and guarantee insurance protections – not continue with attempts to undermine coverage. The lack of complete information associated with Judge Kavanaugh's nomination is unprecedented & threatens to undermine the public’s confidence in a fair & impartial judiciary. The rush & secrecy has left us to wonder what the White House is withholding from the American people. In Vancouver, I joined @ColumbiaNature to celebrate the completion of the Mount St. Helens Conservation Area. Thanks to the Columbia Land Trust, the Department of Natural Resources, and everyone who supports the Land & Water Conservation Fund. #SaveLWCF  From small rural airports to turbine manufacturers, #aviation touches every corner of our state. It connects communities and businesses and employs hard-working people. I’m thrilled to see our state again ranked #1 for #aerospace manufacturing!  … I oppose the implementation of a domestic gag rule on #TitleX—the only federal grant program solely dedicated to family planning & related preventive services. #NoGagRule … America is producing some of the best #wheat in the world thanks to our growers and their families – many of whom are right here in Washington state. It was great to meet with @WAWheatGrowers today in my office!pic.twitter.com/SD4fTJ9w04 Today I joined @PattyMurray in introducing the Women’s Pension Protection Act to address the retirement gap and bolster women’s financial security    We’ve seen in the last decade great improvements in the ease of ordering everyday items online, and now we will use data and information to improve delivery times and increase efficiency, particularly in congested areas. … The Land & Water Conservation Fund was originally legislation passed by our own Scoop Jackson. It's so important to have those special places where people can hunt and fish and recreate. Public lands are so critical to us. #SaveLWCF …  … Access to a Supreme Court nominee’s full record is necessary for the Senate to fulfill its constitutional duty to advise and consent. Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records should be made available to the Senate and the public. There’s one storm we’re very happy about this week: I want to congratulate @SeattleStorm on winning the #WNBA championship last night!  #WeRepSeattlepic.twitter.com/sUHoD8NMSK Tribal council members in Washington state and throughout the country have dedicated their lives to service and improving their communities. They deserve the same access to Social Security that all other Americans have.  Read more about my bill here    Under President Trump's junk health insurance plans, Washingtonians could face higher premiums & be denied coverage of essential benefits, including hospitalization, maternity care & substance abuse treatment.  Read more here:   It was such an honor to accept the Friend of Bristol Bay Award for my continued work to protect our fishermen & maritime economy from the threat of the #PebbleMine. Thanks to Bristol Bay Native Corporation, Bristol Bay Native Association, and the United Tribes of #BristolBay!pic.twitter.com/kOvpocMqDO Congratulations @SeattleStorm on a fantastic season and convincing victory tonight! You’ve earned this championship and we couldn’t be prouder. Great job!  #WeRepSeattle #WNBAFinals … The Trump administration is carrying out a constant attack on women’s health. It is undermining the #TitleX family planning program & proposing a new gag rule that interferes with doctors’ ability to provide patients information about reproductive care. … Judge Kavanaugh's views raise fundamental questions about whether he will uphold the Supreme Court’s role in our constitutional system of checks & balances at this critical time in our nation’s history. No one is above the law – especially the president. We’re proud that @UW is going to work with the Department of @Energy to cut package delivery times by using technology to move packages more efficiently in the last mile. … The Land & Water Conservation Fund expires at the end of this month and I'm working very hard with my colleagues @SenatorBurr and @lisamurkowski to get #LWCF reauthorized. We’ve introduced bipartisan legislation that has over 47 cosponsors. #SaveLWCF … Bipartisan legislation I introduced with @SenJohnThune to correct a long-standing inequity in the Social Security Act passed the U.S. Senate last week. Elected tribal leaders deserve the same access to Social Security that all other Americans have.    When President Trump nominated Judge Brett Kavanaugh, I owed it to my constituents to review his full record. After having done so, I oppose his confirmation. Read my full statement here   pic.twitter.com/ziC2KvPkpT Americans want more affordable #healthcare with meaningful coverage—we don’t want junk plans that don’t protect us. #NoJunkPlans  Read more about my resolution to overturn President Trump's expansion of junk health insurance plans here   pic.twitter.com/hDBTIKKzFE It’s game day, @SeattleStorm!  Good luck in Game 3, I’ll be cheering you on tonight. Time to bring it home! #WeRepSeattle #WNBAFinals … In Chewelah, I joined local leaders to discuss fire management & the new Chewelah A to Z project. It's great to see such strong collaboration here, bringing together the interests of forest #conservation, recreation, economic development, and #wildfire mitigation.pic.twitter.com/3CJ3xDyUhY If the Republican AGs & the Trump administration have their way, more than 3 million Washingtonians with common health conditions could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could be discriminated against because of their medical history. … Together we cleared a major obstacle to help the Port of Skamania pave the way for a new business park in North Bonneville. It was great to see this yesterday while visiting the port. I’m so proud of our efforts to support economic development and job growth in Skamania County.pic.twitter.com/xMRKGKzXak It's great to be in #SkamaniaCounty this week. Yesterday I met with officials in North Bonneville and Stevenson to tour the Port of Skamania County and a great local cidery.pic.twitter.com/6Y32XmZH0F Today we stand together as a nation to honor the memory of those we lost 17 years ago in attacks on our country. We remember the acts of heroism by those who gave their lives for others and we will never forget the heroic sacrifice of our first responders. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/BVn7iEkTl7 If the Republican AG suit succeeds, the entire Affordable Care Act—Medicaid expansion, insurance protections, delivery system reforms & more—would be struck down, jeopardizing #healthcare for millions & throwing the health care system into even more chaos. … Thank you @ColumbiaNature, @waDNR, Skamania Co. Commissioners, Pope Resources and everyone involved to get this collaborative project done! … Today in Vancouver, I joined @ColumbiaNature to celebrate the completion of the Mount St. Helens Conservation Area. I want to thank the Columbia Land Trust, the Department of Natural Resources, and everyone who supports the Land and Water Conservation Fund. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/mn0ehGVo9f The U.S. Supreme Court serves as an important check on presidential power. In his hearing, Judge Kavanaugh refused to say whether a president could pardon himself or respond to a subpoena. I oppose his confirmation. We must protect citizens of our country with pre-existing conditions from being rolled back to the time when their #healthcare cost more just because of that condition. … When it comes to wage, worker protection, and right to organize policies, Washington state takes the cake. We were recently ranked the #1 state for workers in the country by @OxfamAmerica. Read more here:   … I’m proud to join @SenatorBaldwin in introducing a resolution to overturn the Trump administration’s expansion of junk health insurance plans that can exclude basic benefits like hospital stays, prescription drugs, and maternity care. #NoJunkPlanspic.twitter.com/T9MsONKk8q The Land & Water Conservation Fund is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of our land. #SaveLWCF … #Healthcare access and protections are at risk. This week, Republican attorneys general and the Trump administration are asking a federal court to strike down the Affordable Care Act’s pre-existing condition protections, in a case that could end up before the Supreme Court. #ACA Judge Kavanaugh has ruled in favor of a restrictive voter identification law, supported expanded warrantless surveillance, and maintained that the FCC’s net neutrality rule was unconstitutional. After having reviewed his full record, I oppose his confirmation. Last month’s incident at Sea-Tac Airport raises questions about the layers of security at our airports. I asked the @TSA about steps it’s taking to review airport security measures across the country.  Last week, I cosponsored legislation to overturn the Trump administration’s expansion of “junk insurance” #healthcare plans, which would raise premiums for older Americans & undermine coverage for millions of people with pre-existing conditions. In his hearing, Judge Kavanaugh would not answer whether he believes Roe v. Wade was rightly decided & failed to assure senators he would not erode its critical protections. I oppose his confirmation. When it comes to aviation security, why not have better situational awareness on all ground planes or all airport assets? I asked @TSA_Pekoske about this at a committee hearing: … We owe it to the American people to evaluate Supreme Court nominees in a transparent & fair process. Unfortunately, the process so far has been anything but. The White House should make Judge Kavanaugh’s full record available immediately before we proceed with his confirmation. For generations, Americans have set partisanship aside & provided our servicemembers & their families with the resources they have earned. We ask no less of @CFPB. It should ensure that servicemembers & their families continue to receive all of their MLA protections. These new canine teams will increase the capacity of @SeaTacAirport's security checkpoints, allowing more passengers to be cleared in less time. This is not just about moving people through lines, this is a layer of security that cannot be underestimated. … Judge Kavanaugh has refused to uphold the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act, ruled against workers’ rights in favor of corporate interests, and would have struck down protections under the Clean Air Act and efforts to fight climate change. I oppose his confirmation. If protections for pre-existing conditions are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could not have #health insurance either because it’s too costly or because they’re denied coverage. To date, the @Energy Department has only held 1 public meeting on completing cleanup & closing the C Tank Farm at #Hanford. Public hearings are an important avenue to receive comment from states, tribal nations, stakeholder groups & the public.  Read more:   By enacting the Military Lending Act, Congress sent a clear bipartisan message that our military should be protected against high-cost and abusive lending. The @CFPB should ensure that servicemembers & their families continue to receive all of their MLA protections. In 2006, I voted against the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to serve as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit because I had concerns his judicial philosophy might have been outside the mainstream. His record on the D.C. Circuit Court affirmed those concerns. To date, the @Energy Department has only held 1 public meeting on completing cleanup & closing the C Tank Farm at #Hanford. Public hearings are an important avenue to receive comment from states, tribal nations, stakeholder groups & the public. … The Affordable Care Act made a number of improvements to #health insurance, including protecting people with pre-existing conditions from being denied insurance or charged more on the basis of their health status. We must defend this provision of the law. #ACApic.twitter.com/3cOYXt21HM The lack of complete information associated with Judge Kavanaugh's nomination is unprecedented & threatens to undermine the public’s confidence in a fair & impartial judiciary. The rush & secrecy has left us to wonder what the White House is withholding from the American people. I’m thrilled to see that Washington was rated the best state to work in America. We have the best workers in the world, who consistently prevail even when the deck is stacked against them. #BestStatestoWork  … Access to a Supreme Court nominee’s full record is necessary for the Senate to fulfill its constitutional duty to advise and consent. Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records should be made available to the Senate and the public. There are many aspects to aviation security, and the recent incident at Sea-Tac Airport raised lots of questions. In light of this, I asked the @TSA about steps it's taking to review airport security measures across the country.  “Every day I am amazed by what people are doing in #software,” said Software Champion @SenatorCantwell. “Thank you for all the great work you do. We want to do everything we can to ensure the opportunities that software brings.”pic.twitter.com/kCuD13La0I These noise mitigation projects are critical to providing a comfortable and productive learning environment for all students. I was proud to work with @RepAdamSmith, the @PortofSeattle & @HighlineSchools to get this critical funding across the finish line. … When it comes to aviation security, why not have better situational awareness on all ground planes or all airport assets? It’s not just about security, but also about the efficiency of how we move things through the system. … I just sent a letter with @PattyMurray and @RepAdamSmith to request additional public hearings in the Pacific Northwest on the @Energy Department’s proposal for completing cleanup & closing the C Tank Farm at #Hanford. Read our letter here   . The @CFPB should not abandon its duty to protect our servicemembers & their families, who should continue to receive all of their Military Lending Act consumer financial protections. … Retweet if you agree: People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the #ACA and its provisions that protect coverage for pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/uMDLJdbbNR Today I had the pleasure of meeting and congratulating @USCG Petty Officer Rita Martinez, a recipient of the Latina Style 2018 Distinguished Military Service Award. Thank you for your service and engagement during your time stationed at Coast Guard Base Seattle! #USCGpic.twitter.com/tRc572YKUI The changing climate and environment is making fire more challenging for our @ForestService, for our wildland firefighters, and for our communities. When it comes to wildfires, we need to do so much more. … Administrative law judges make decisions every day that affect people’s lives. We must ensure these judges are fair, impartial, and qualified. … When President Trump nominated Judge Brett Kavanaugh, I owed it to my constituents to review his full record. After having done so, I oppose his confirmation. Read my full statement here   pic.twitter.com/ziC2KvPkpT As a United States Senator, it is my responsibility to thoroughly review lifetime appointments to the U.S. Supreme Court. I take this responsibility to provide advice and consent very seriously. These noise mitigation projects are critical to providing a comfortable & productive learning environment for all students. I was proud to work with @RepAdamSmith, the @PortofSeattle & @HighlineSchools to get this critical funding across the finish line.  In Washington state, we know the power of labor first-hand. Our state continues to lead the nation in fostering innovation and supporting entrepreneurs and small businesses. Just last week, Washington was rated the best state to work in America by @OxfamAmerica. #BestStatestoWork I want to recognize the air traffic controllers and the military and the first responders who handled last month’s situation at Sea-Tac Airport so well. The incident, though, raises questions about our layers of security. I asked the @TSA about this:  We're fighting for the inclusion of people, not prejudice against those with pre-existing conditions. Someone's medical history should not be used to discriminate against them. It was great to join @RMEF in my office today to discuss public lands & the importance of protecting #LWCF. For the economy, sportsmen, and wildlife, we must permanently reauthorize the Land & Water Conservation Fund. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/ekaXdzSRdO LIVE NOW: I'm asking @TSA_Pekoske about airport security plans in light of the recent passenger aircraft taken at Sea-Tac.  Watch here:  Today, too many middle-class families across our country are struggling to make ends meet. Too many people work long hours for too little pay. As the Senate continues its business this fall, I will continue to fight on the side of working families. In Washington state, we know the power of labor first-hand. Our state continues to lead the nation in fostering innovation and supporting entrepreneurs & small businesses. We have the best workers in the world, who consistently prevail even when the deck is stacked against them. Today, as we do each Labor Day, we honor & reflect on the hard-working men & women who’ve built our country into a land of opportunity, freedom & prosperity. Throughout our history, the labor movement has served as the backbone of the economy & the guardian of the American Dream. The Land & Water Conservation Fund: Provides access to #publiclands Supports our outdoor recreation economy  Provides safe drinking water Strengthens our cultural heritage   Saves taxpayers millions of dollars in maintenance, wildfire & operations costs.    #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/eaJP8xye5N The @WSJ editorial board joined me in defending Washington’s cherry growers against President Trump’s misguided trade war. This year, Washington state cherry growers are estimating up to $86 million in damages from the trade war. … Our cherry growers are estimating $86 million in damages from trade wars this season. While the priority for our growers remains an end to the trade disputes, they deserve the same assistance afforded to others negatively impacted by retaliatory tariffs. … Rev. Patrick Conroy at Sen McCain’s memorial service: “...grant that all who attend to these proceedings might transcend smallness and limitation and emerge as people desirous of being our best selves in service to all our brothers and sisters as you might call each of us to be.” Today the @WSJ wrote an editorial featuring @AuvilFruit. From Auvil: “Growers like Auvil aren’t going to be the beneficiaries of a trade war. But we're paying a tremendous price.” … Damages from increased tariffs & prices are hitting cherry growers. While the priority for our growers remains an end to the trade disputes, they deserve the same assistance afforded to others that have been negatively impacted by retaliatory tariffs. … The @WSJ agrees: The Trump trade war is impacting Washington state’s cherry growers and agriculture producers in a major way. … Getting additional resources to rural & low-income communities is crucial to solving our nation’s most pressing #healthcare challenges, including for mothers & babies. #Telehealth services can provide an innovative way for individuals to access care. The Land & Water Conservation Fund is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of the land. #SaveLWCF … We have to do more to reduce #wildfire risk. We must face the real science around this problem, help our at-risk communities respond, and make sure our #firefighters have adequate resources so they can be as safe as possible. … Thousands of people in Washington state live in tsunami danger zones. Our communities work hard to prepare for emergencies, but they can’t do it all on their own. … On this day 55 year ago, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. shared his dream with the world. Today, let’s honor his legacy by working together to build the nation he envisioned. We must continue the march for equality every day. #MarchOnWashingtonpic.twitter.com/SymfPxxYVB For years, the Land & Water Conservation Fund has successfully worked to conserve outdoor spaces like South Park Community Center in Seattle. It's time to make that success permanent. #SaveLWCF … 90% of parents want their children to study computer science, and we should be giving them more opportunities to do so. Students in cities, suburbs, and rural communities all should have access to #computerscience programs.   … Getting additional resources to rural & low-income communities is crucial to solving our nation’s most pressing #healthcare challenges, including for mothers & babies. #Telehealth services can provide an innovative way for individuals to access care. We have to do more to reduce #wildfire risk. We must face the real science around this problem, help our at-risk communities respond, and make sure our #firefighters have adequate resources so they can be as safe as possible. … #Telehealth can potentially offer critical & cost-effective solutions to pregnant women, as some of the most common pregnancy-related complications can be avoided with routine monitoring & medical care. Read my letter to @AjitPaiFCC here    Thousands of people in Washington state live in #tsunami danger zones. Our communities work hard to prepare for emergencies, but they can’t do it all on their own. These grants will help us protect coastal communities. … These grants will help us protect coastal communities by boosting our emergency warning infrastructure, helping fund emergency management, and determining which areas need more preparation. … This report should act as a wake-up call for the Department of Energy that improving safety and support workers at Hanford is a never-ending job. … Senator McCain had a major impact on the discourse of many issues discussed in the Senate.  From campaign finance reform and trade to international policy and protecting health care, his impact will long be remembered.  My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. -MC Thousands of people in Washington state live in tsunami danger zones. Our communities work hard to prepare for emergencies, but they can’t do it all on their own. … For years, the Land & Water Conservation Fund has successfully worked to conserve outdoor spaces like South Park Community Center in Seattle. It's time to make that success permanent. #SaveLWCF … Thanks @ChelanPUD for sharing your expertise at our recent committee hearing. It’s so helpful to hear from experts in the field. … Today I joined @DaveReichert, @PattyMurray & @RepNewhouse to call on @USDA to provide sweet cherries equal access to the relief measures being developed for U.S. agricultural commodities negatively impacted by retaliatory tariffs.  Read more here    The Land & Water Conservation Fund is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of the land. #SaveLWCF … Coastal Washington could be a little safer with a new round of funding for the Washington State Tsunami Program.  @SenatorCantwell announced $725,822 in grants for tsunami resources. … 90% of parents want their children to study computer science, and we should be giving them more opportunities to do so. Students in cities, suburbs, and rural communities all should have access to #computerscience programs.   … We cannot let this become the new normal. That’s why I worked across the aisle to end fire-borrowing and to start giving the @forestservice the predictable resources they need to reduce hazardous fuels. … Today the Senate voted on an amendment that would have defunded Planned Parenthood.  Here’s what I had to say about that.  #StandWithPPpic.twitter.com/Iztuwi0imt "Over the years, the #LWCF has invested $637 million in more than 600 Washington state wilderness areas, habitat breeding grounds and even city parks and trails." –@Yakima_Herald #SaveLWCF  … I’m proud to support our community health centers, and I’m glad we have secured more resources to foster innovation and deliver high-value care to families throughout Washington state. Read more here   … I've introduced a bipartisan amendment with @SenBillCassidy to call for more funding to support the development & implementation of K-12 computer #coding education programs. This is a great example of what we can do when working together in a bipartisan manner. I want the Mueller investigation to continue to its conclusion and not be short circuited by anyone. We should have these facts as part of our Supreme Court discussion. Last week, bipartisan legislation I introduced to protect small businesses was signed into law. By creating a simple, voluntary #cybersecurity framework, this law will help #smallbusinesses protect their data while focusing on what they do best: serving customers & creating jobs. By giving local communities the resources they need, schools and teachers can develop and implement good #computerscience curriculum that make the most sense for those communities. My amendment calls for more funding to support K-12 computer #coding education programs. We have to do more to reduce #wildfire risk. We must face the real science around this problem, help our at-risk communities respond, and make sure our #firefighters have adequate resources so they can be as safe as possible. … "Well, if you like hunting and fishing at the @OkaWenNF or in the #YakimaRiver Canyon, if you relish hiking amidst the sage on the #CowicheCanyon trails... you should give a supportive nod to the #LWCF." –@Yakima_Herald #SaveLWCF   pic.twitter.com/gk7w25GZrc This project is a vitally important step to help Washington state remain globally competitive as demand grows for efficient freight transportation. Congratulations to the @PortofEverett! … Small businesses drive our economy and create jobs across the state of Washington. As #cyberattacks become more commonplace, we must help businesses protect their data from these very real threats. Read more here   … Community health centers provide essential #healthcare for many of Washington’s most vulnerable communities. Many children & families throughout our state rely on community health centers for primary care, dental care, mental health, and other important health needs. .@SenatorCantwell and @FrankPallone just sent a letter to  @McIntyreFERC about @RealAPugliese’s recent remarks…we have some questions →   Washington’s maritime economy contributes $50 billion to the state economy each year & supports 191,000 jobs. These grants will help preserve our outer coast & the Salish Sea & protect fish, shellfish, and our marine environment for generations to come. →   In just the last year, wildfires have killed 43 people and burned tens of thousands of acres in Washington state. We cannot let this become the new normal. … NEW statement from @Senatorcantwell on @realDonaldTrump’s repeal of the Clean Power Plan:pic.twitter.com/fhjnaCbvL6 I recently joined local leaders on in San Juan County to discuss the need for affordable housing options. The recent increase in the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit is giving people more options, but more still needs to be done. #LIHTC … Every student in the United States should have the opportunity to learn about the internet, algorithms, and apps. This is a skills gap we have to close, and my #bipartisan amendment seeks to do just that. Read more about it here    Each year, firefighters are exposed to nearly 2 million fires or hazmat incidents. By funding a national cancer registry, we'll have a more complete look at the occupational hazards facing nearly 1 million professional and volunteer #firefighters. … As global trade continues to play a vital role in our region’s economy, we must ensure that our ports & infrastructure are prepared to handle growing freight volumes. This project makes critical improvements to one of Washington’s key strategic seaports. … Last week, @PattyMurray and I announced that community health centers across Washington state were awarded a total of more than $3.8 million from @HRSAgov. These grants will support the centers’ work to increase access, quality, and value of #healthcare for families. Coastal resources are a critical part of the economy and culture of the Pacific Northwest. I'm pleased Washington state received $270,000 in grants from @NOAA for 2 marine debris removal projects. Wildfires are devastating in Washington and across the West. Proud to stand with @SecretarySonny, @RonWyden & @SteveDaines to unveil this new plan. It could not come at a more important time. … I’ve traveled to every corner of the state to look at housing, and every time I learn something new. In San Juan County, I recently joined local leaders to discuss the need for #affordablehousing options on the San Juan Islands. … I introduced a bipartisan amendment today with @SenBillCassidy to call for more funding to support the development & implementation of K-12 computer coding education programs. Students in cities, suburbs, and rural communities should all have access to computer science programs. Yesterday, we secured $1 million in funding to study cancer in #firefighters. This will help provide better information into the occupational hazards facing the brave men and women on the front lines of these fires.pic.twitter.com/n70kOL4Aaa Congrats to the @PortofEverett on the groundbreaking of this exciting project, which means more jobs, more economic activity, and a stronger Everett and Snohomish County. … WATCH LIVE: @SenatorCantwell to question expert witnesses in an effort to better understand how #blockchain technology might impact electricity prices & how it may enhance #cybersecurity & the #cleanenergy economy.   pic.twitter.com/67WLlH1jTC People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the provision of the #ACA that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions. I've requested a thorough analysis of what steps the Trump administration is taking to combat Russian #cyber warfare capabilities & intrusions into our energy facilities. I'm concerned about Russia’s capabilities with respect to #cyberattacks on our energy infrastructure. For the last half century, the #LWCF has protected lands, historic sites, national parks & wilderness areas in every state. It is one of the country’s best conservation programs, preserving public lands & ensuring access to outdoor recreation in rural & urban areas. #SaveLWCF We in Washington state have witnessed firsthand the disaster of #wildfires and what the aftermath means for people living in affected communities. Our heroic #firefighters do everything they can to be ready for the fire season, and we need to do the same. Almost half of Washington state renters are cost burdened, spending over 30% of their income on rent. There are only 29 affordable & available homes for every 100 extremely low income families. More needs to be done to get to the root causes of the #affordablehousing crisis. If protections for pre-existing conditions are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could not have #health insurance either because it’s too costly or because they’re denied coverage. Deterring foreign enemies from attacking our #election systems and other critical infrastructure is just the first step we must take to protect our national security and democratic institutions. #DETERactpic.twitter.com/lB48nJ2nhg In 42 days, we face the deadline of the #LWCF, a key tool that allows us to continue to recreate, hunt, fish, and hike. I hope we can work together in a bipartisan fashion to get the Land & Water Conservation Fund reauthorized. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/ODM6uu0kRV This #wildfire season, making sure that those on the fire line have the best possible information is critical.pic.twitter.com/j8wQWLO2dl The affordable housing crisis is very real in Washington state. Since 2010, median rents have risen by 19.7% – almost 7% higher than those nationwide. I'm prioritizing #affordablehousing in my work in the Senate because so much more needs to be done. We're fighting for the inclusion of people, not prejudice against those with pre-existing conditions. Someone's medical history should not be used to discriminate against them.pic.twitter.com/vI1EZUxt4H The administration needs to take stronger action to prioritize #cybersecurity of energy networks and fight cyber aggression. There is a need for additional cybersecurity resources to address our fundamental concerns. In the foothills of the Cascades and in the shadows of Mt. Rainier, the Land & Water Conservation Fund has helped us continue to preserve great resources and great assets. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/nW1SNe0bqk I want to make sure that firefighters have every tool available to help fight these #wildfires. We need to make sure they are as safe and efficient as possible. Community health centers are a lean and efficient #healthcare delivery model, focusing on primary care, prevention, case management, and social services for their patients. They are an indispensable part of our #healthcare delivery system. #NHCW18 For millions of Americans, a lack of affordable housing has profound, negative & lasting consequences. More still needs to be done to get to the root causes of the #affordablehousing crisis and show that the Low Income Housing Tax Credit is cost-effective & creates jobs. #LIHTC Washington’s 27 community health centers serve more than 1 million patients each year. They are an indispensable part of our #healthcare delivery system, supporting more than 9,000 state jobs and $1 billion in annual economic output. #NHCW18 The Affordable Care Act made a number of improvements to #health insurance, including protecting people with pre-existing conditions from being denied insurance or charged more on the basis of their health status. We must defend this provision of the law. The conclusion of American intelligence agencies is crystal clear: Russian interference in our elections is a fact. We must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. #DETERactpic.twitter.com/7Gl2HPmQob For the economy, sportsmen, veterans, wildlife, and our kids, we must permanently reauthorize #LWCF. In Washington state alone, the outdoor recreation economy contributes over $26 billion in consumer spending and supports more than 201,000 direct jobs. … Technology companies must find the means to address these problems head on and invest in solutions. See my full statement:  … … When it comes to #wildfires, we just can’t work fast enough. The changing #climate and environment is making fire more challenging for our @ForestService, for our wildland firefighters, and for our communities. We need to do so much more. Remember when @SecretaryZinke looked the country straight in the eye and said this wouldn't happen? Lying and destroying #publiclands are not what real leaders do to our country.  Tell everyone: this is what the Trump administration's word is worth #Utah  Research shows that an inability to access safe & affordable homes leaves families with fewer  to spend on #education, #groceries & other expenses—further trapping them in the cycle of #poverty. More needs to be done to get to the root causes of the #affordablehousing crisis. From Spokane to Seattle, and Omak to Port Angeles, Washington’s community health centers are a bedrock of the #healthcare safety net and the medical home for hundreds of thousands of Washingtonians. #NHCW18 Retweet if you agree: People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the provision of the #ACA that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/jNBbyvEpGV I’ve cosponsored #bipartisan legislation that would send a powerful message to Russia & any other foreign actor seeking to disrupt our #elections: if you attack American candidates, campaigns, or voting infrastructure, you will face severe consequences.pic.twitter.com/A0dW5RDzQm The Land & Water Conservation Fund is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of the land. #SaveLWCF … I’m glad that the @Interior Department is being very aggressive about using #drones on wildland fires. This new tool is so critical for information about fire size & starts, and for the safety & security of our #firefighters. Watch Soon: @SenatorCantwell and @SecretarySonny lay out new plan for addressing #wildfires   This year we were able to boost the Low Income Housing Tax Credit, which has built 90% of the #affordablehousing in our country. More still needs to be done to get to the root causes of the affordable housing crisis & show that #LIHTC is cost-effective & creates jobs. I want to make sure that firefighters have every tool available to help fight these #wildfires. We need to make sure they are as safe and efficient as possible. As we celebrate National Health Center Week, I’m proud to continue supporting Washington’s 27 community health centers—an indispensable part of our #healthcare delivery system. #NHCW18 Yesterday I stopped by Asotin and toured the shoreline with Mayor Bonfield. I’m hoping we can break down some barriers and get solutions to bring back this once-vibrant marina.   … The successful and widely supported South Puget Sound Coastal Forest project is a perfect example of why I'm fighting to reauthorize the Land & Water Conservation Fund. #SaveLWCF … It was great to visit the Port of Clarkston yesterday, where I sat down with local business and community leaders to discuss trade, tariffs, and transportation.   … I’m so glad to see this pilot is safe after surviving a crash while fighting fires in northeast Washington. We all owe a great debt of gratitude to the brave men and women on the front lines of these terrible wildfires. … In the foothills of the Cascades and in the shadows of Mt. Rainier, the Land & Water Conservation Fund has helped us continue to preserve great resources and great assets. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/VSFLwMqHcf Congress must be informed of the use and effectiveness of current airport security protocols. Read my full letter to Senate Commerce Committee leadership here:  … The recent theft of an aircraft from @SeaTacAirport exposed an issue with our nation’s airport security protocols. In light of this, I've requested a Senate hearing to examine aviation security protocols in order to prevent similar events from occurring again. I recently joined local advocates on Orcas Island to discuss the need for affordable housing options on the San Juan Islands. The recent increase in the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit is giving people more options, but more still needs to be done.pic.twitter.com/D4yIN29XIU For the economy, sportsmen, wildlife, and our kids & grandkids, we must permanently reauthorize #LWCF. In Washington state alone, the outdoor recreation economy contributes over $26 billion in consumer spending and supports more than 201,000 direct jobs. … In 48 days, we face the deadline of the #LWCF, a key tool that allows us to continue to recreate, hunt, fish, and hike. I hope we can work together in a bipartisan fashion to get the Land & Water Conservation Fund reauthorized. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/qK8V1reHeu For the last half century, the #LWCF has protected lands, historic sites, national parks & wilderness areas in every state. It is one of the country’s best conservation programs, preserving public lands & ensuring access to outdoor recreation in rural & urban areas. #SaveLWCF WATCH: @SenatorCantwell rallies Land and Water Conservation Fund supporters and calls for the permanent reauthorization of the program which provides millions annually to protect & preserve parks, trails & recreation areas.   #SaveLWCF The #LWCF is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of the land. #SaveLWCF … The Pacific Northwest has always been a leader in innovation, but this building in Spokane takes what we've already seen in aviation, telecom, and other industries & puts it together in one of the smartest energy-efficient buildings in the country. … At the kickoff of the bicentennial, I had an American flag flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of the City of Centralia, 200 years after the birth of its founder. Congratulations to Mayor Coumbs and the entire city on this special celebration.pic.twitter.com/Bc1IZRFdlE In Washington, more than 13,000 internet companies provide more than 250,000 jobs. We want to keep this American success story going, which is why it's so important for children throughout the United States to be able to learn to code in school. Computer jobs are the #1 source of new jobs in the country. There are currently more than 500,000 computer job openings in the U.S. We have to close this skills gap if we want to continue to develop these new products & services. In keeping with longstanding legal, ethical, and medical standards of #healthcare, Title X providers can offer patients medically-accurate counseling on and referrals for all pregnancy options, including parenting, adoption, and abortion. I oppose efforts to undermine #TitleX. Every student in America should be taught the tools they need to enter our 21st century economy. In Washington state, we're making progress in this area because 31% of our high schools offer coding classes, but more still needs to be done. 53 years after the signing of the #VotingRightsAct, we must continue our work to strengthen this legislation and oppose judges who would roll back voting rights for any American. Every citizen should receive an equal say in their government. Hats off to Spokane for building what is the most innovative building, I think, in America. I guarantee you, you will be the envy of the nation. … The Trump administration has taken regulatory actions to tilt #TitleX away from evidence-based #familyplanning. I believe federal health policy should be evidence-based & produced with the best interests of patients in mind. In Washington, more than 13,000 internet companies provide more than 250,000 jobs & we want to keep this American success story going. But to do that, we need to make sure that these start-ups have the workforce of tomorrow that they need. It was great to be in Spokane at the groundbreaking of the first net-zero energy & zero carbon building in Eastern Washington. This is all about an effort to make buildings more energy efficient because they make up 40% of our electricity use as a nation.  The Trump administration’s latest junk health insurance proposal would result in health plans that can charge you more or deny you because of your medical history. … #DidYouKnow: Each year, roughly 4,000,000 people rely on #TitleX-funded health centers for basic preventive health care, including cancer screenings, birth control, STI screenings, pregnancy testing, and well-woman exams. Legislation I introduced to help high schools advance #computerscience and #coding skills was recently signed into law. These skills are critical to the jobs of the future, national security, and the economic competitiveness of the United States. #Medicare & #Medicaid are lifelines to affordable #healthcare for millions of Washingtonians. We need to protect these vital programs and promote health care innovation to improve them – not cut, cap, or block grant them. As we celebrate the 53rd anniversary of the #VotingRightsAct, let’s remember our responsibility to guard against inequality and injustice at the polls. Every citizen should receive an equal say in their government. #VRA The Trump administration’s push to allow junk health insurance plans will make it harder for families to pay the bills & access care. In Washington state, #TitleX‒funded sites delivered contraceptive care to 82,520 women in 2015. Title X‒supported #PlannedParenthood health centers served 80% of these women.pic.twitter.com/00oLdnHZyY Learning to write and read #code is critical to creating and innovating in cyberspace. In high schools, fewer AP exams are taken in #computerscience than any other STEM subject area. While 58% of new STEM jobs are in computing, only 8% of #STEM graduates are in computer science. This month, we celebrate #Medicaid’s 53rd anniversary as a successful and innovative state and federal #healthcare partnership. Plans to cut, cap, or block grant Medicaid are not innovative – they are a budget mechanism to cut people off of health care. Since 1965, the #VotingRightsAct has prohibited measures that once disenfranchised many minority voters and has helped new citizens make their voices heard. We have a responsibility to guard against inequality and injustice at the polls. #VRApic.twitter.com/6xSwTMwKcr Trump’s #gagrule bars patients from receiving information to make informed decisions about their own #reprohealth.  I oppose any effort to undermine the integrity of #TitleX. The Trump administration continues to try to solve 21st century problems with 19th century thinking, trying to extract a relatively small amount from our few remaining pristine natural areas. … As ongoing foreign efforts to influence the U.S. midterm elections continue to be identified, I’m continuing my call for increased #cybersecurity threat assessments and resources to protect U.S. #election systems and other critical infrastructure. The United States should be leading the charge internationally to say that trying to influence the election process in a cyber way is a cyber crime. No government should be involved in interfering with the actual election operations. End of story. Foreign provocation no longer just comes in the form of a foreign submarine sticking its nose in U.S. waters or a plane flying overhead—it now also comes as hacking of a power plant or pipeline. We should be leading the charge internationally to protect critical infrastructure. I've joined @PattyMurray & 43 Senate colleagues to call on @SecAzar to stop the Trump administration’s proposal to implement a domestic gag rule on #TitleX. We must protect #healthcare access for millions of women. #NoGagRule There are 2.5 million outboard motors on the water today that could be replaced by an electric motor. We have a chance here in Washington state to pioneer a whole new industry. Electric motors can bring down fuel costs, lower carbon footprints, and reduce our dependence on oil. Broadband is a necessity. Without it, kids didn’t have high-speed internet to do their homework and entrepreneurs were unable to start online businesses or even develop a basic web presence. Everyone should have universal access to high-speed internet, no matter where they live. I fear the Trump administration is seeking to overturn the almost 20-year-old #RoadlessRule to allow for development in the nation’s few remaining pristine open spaces, including vital watersheds that supply clean drinking water. … Retweet if you agree: Every woman deserves the freedom to make her own #healthcare choices.  I stand against President Trump’s ongoing attacks on women’s reproductive health. Washington farmers grow world-class products that deserve to be enjoyed around the globe, and they fight every day to maintain and expand access to foreign markets. Our growers need a trade policy that keeps moving forward. … By reducing the costs of establishing #compsci curriculum, the main barrier to entry for high schools to provide quality #coding classes, we will help prepare the next generation of computer scientists to meet the demands of the #hightech workforce. Title X has helped women avoid 822,000 unintended pregnancies. It also yields critical cost savings to our #healthcare system—every $1 invested in #TitleX saves more than $7 in Medicaid-related costs. I worked with @PattyMurray on an amendment to help bridge the digital divide and provide for universal access to high-speed Internet, so every American can receive equal educational, business and employment opportunities, no matter where they live in Washington state. I oppose efforts to undermine #TitleX and believe federal health policy should be evidence-based & produced with the best interests of patients in mind. #NoGagRulepic.twitter.com/Oehi8y8QVe A bipartisan provision @BillCassidy and I worked on to help high schools throughout the country establish or expand #coding education programs has been signed into law. … Every student in America should be taught the tools they need to enter our 21st century economy. In Washington state, we're making progress in this area because 31% of our high schools offer coding classes, but more still needs to be done. … #TitleX is the only federal grant program solely dedicated to family planning & related preventive services. I oppose the Trump administration’s latest attack on Title X.pic.twitter.com/VWRvtl7aZj Good news: Bipartisan legislation I worked on to provide consistent resources for small businesses throughout the country to best protect their digital assets from ever-present #cybersecurity threats passed in the Senate last week. I fear the Trump administration is seeking to overturn the almost 20-year-old Roadless Rule to allow for development in the nation’s few remaining pristine open spaces, including irreplaceable fish and wildlife habitat. … I've introduced legislation with @PattyMurray to permanently protect the nation's most pristine federal forests from harmful and reckless development.   … In Washington state, only 1,212 students graduated from college with #compsci degrees in 2015, leaving more than 16,200 computing jobs unfilled today. We need to prepare the next generation to meet the demands of the #hightech workforce. Washington #farmers grow world-class products that deserve to be enjoyed around the globe, and they fight every day to maintain and expand access to foreign markets. Our growers need a trade policy that keeps moving forward. … I fear the Trump administration is seeking to overturn the almost 20-year-old Roadless Rule to allow for development in the nation’s few remaining pristine open spaces, including irreplaceable fish and wildlife habitat. … I worked with @SenBrianSchatz, @SenatorRisch, @SenJohnThune & @SenBillNelson to pass bipartisan legislation to provide consistent resources for small businesses throughout the country to protect their digital assets from ever-present #cybersecurity threats. The Trump administration continues to try to solve 21st century problems with 19th century thinking, trying to extract a relatively small amount from our few remaining pristine natural areas. … For the economy, sportsmen, veterans, wildlife, and our kids & grandkids, we must permanently reauthorize #LWCF. In Washington state alone, the outdoor recreation economy contributes over $26 billion in consumer spending and supports more than 201,000 direct jobs. #SaveLWCF I worked with @PattyMurray on an amendment to help bridge the digital divide and provide for universal access to high-speed Internet, so every American can receive equal educational, business and employment opportunities, no matter where they live in Washington state. Good news: Bipartisan legislation I worked on to provide consistent resources for small businesses throughout the country to best protect their digital assets from ever-present #cybersecurity threats has passed the Senate. I fear the Trump administration is seeking to overturn the almost 20-year-old Roadless Rule to allow for development in the nation’s few remaining pristine open spaces, including vital watersheds that supply clean drinking water. … I joined @SenatorBurr and a #bipartisan group of colleagues to urge Senate leadership to permanently reauthorize & provide dedicated funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund before its expiration. The #LWCF is one of the country’s best conservation programs #SaveLWCF Broadband is a necessity. Without it, kids didn’t have high-speed internet to do their homework and entrepreneurs were unable to start online businesses or even develop a basic web presence. Everyone should have universal access to high-speed internet, no matter where they live. By creating a simple, voluntary #cybersecurity framework for small businesses, legislation I've introduced will help small businesses protect their data, while focusing on what they do best: serving their customers and creating jobs. #smallbiz These federal lands support billions of dollars each year in revenues from outdoor recreation, provide opportunities for hunting & fishing, protect critical habitat for threatened & endangered species & supply clean drinking water to millions of Americans. … The #LWCF is one of the country’s best conservation programs, preserving public lands & ensuring access to outdoor recreation in rural & urban areas. For the last half century, it has protected lands, historic sites, national parks, wilderness areas & urban parks in every state. I'm pleased to report that an amendment I worked on with @PattyMurray to ensure rural communities across Washington state are eligible to compete for #broadband service grants passed in the Senate this week. Broadband is a necessity. Small businesses drive our economy and create jobs across the state of Washington. As #cyberattacks become more commonplace, we must help these businesses protect their data from these very real threats. #smallbiz I've introduced legislation with @PattyMurray to permanently protect the nation's most pristine federal forests from harmful and reckless development.   … The #LWCF is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve recreation opportunities & make the most cost-effective use of the land. #SaveLWCF … Every student in America should be taught the tools they need to enter our 21st century economy. In Washington state, we're making progress in this area because 31% of our high schools offer coding classes, but more still needs to be done. … I'm pleased to announce that a bipartisan provision @BillCassidy and I worked on to help high schools throughout the country establish or expand #coding education programs has been signed into law. … I've joined @PattyMurray & 43 Senate colleagues to call on @SecAzar to stop the Trump administration’s proposal to implement a domestic gag rule on #TitleX. We must protect #healthcare access for millions of women. #NoGagRule By reducing the costs of establishing #compsci curriculum, the main barrier to entry for high schools to provide quality #coding classes, we will help prepare the next generation of computer scientists to meet the demands of the #hightech workforce. In isolated Washington communities like Moses Lake, Sunnyside, and Friday Harbor, @PPFA clinics are often the only place for women to get low-cost family planning & basic care. #TitleX #StandWithPP  … In Washington state, only 1,212 students graduated from college with #compsci degrees in 2015, leaving more than 16,200 computing jobs unfilled today. We need to prepare the next generation to meet the demands of the #hightech workforce. .@SenatorCantwell & @SenatorBurr led a bipartisan group of senators in  a letter urging Senate leadership to permanently reauthorize and provide dedicated funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund  before its expiration on September 30th #SaveLWCF  pic.twitter.com/PtxcBvCYM5 Title X-funded family planning is the right #healthcare and economic strategy: it keeps people healthy, prevents deadly illness, and saves taxpayers money. #TitleX #NoGagRule Today’s students should be exposed to the computer skills of the 21st century. By ensuring high school students can access #computerscience and #coding education, we can close the skills gap and boost our country’s competitive position globally. I oppose efforts to undermine #TitleX and believe federal health policy should be evidence-based & produced with the best interests of patients in mind. #NoGagRulepic.twitter.com/cu8W5s29eh In our state & across the nation, our tech industry is booming & creating jobs every day, but curriculum isn't keeping up. By ensuring high school students can access #compsci and #coding education, we can close the skills gap & boost our country’s competitive position globally. The Trump administration’s proposed Title X rule would make it harder for Washington women to get basic health care. That’s why I’m joining my colleagues to call on the administration to rescind it. #TitleX #NoGagRule .@SenatorCantwell and 16 Senate Democrats introduced legislation today to permanently protect the Nation’s most pristine federal forests from reckless & inappropriate development. #ProtectOurLands #RoadlessRule →   .@SenatorCantwell's Roadless Area Conservation Act   -Supports the outdoor recreation economy -Provides exceptional habitat for hunting & fishing -Safegaurds habitat for 1,600 threatened or endangered species  -Supplies clean water to millions of Americans  pic.twitter.com/DMa0NZZyuu Foreign provocation no longer just comes in the form of a foreign submarine sticking its nose in U.S. waters or a plane flying overhead—it now also comes as hacking of a power plant or pipeline. We should be leading the charge internationally to protect critical infrastructure. #TitleX is the only federal grant program solely dedicated to family planning & related preventive services. I oppose the Trump administration’s latest attack on Title X.pic.twitter.com/Etz5gE4yTq The United States should be leading the charge internationally to say that trying to influence the election process in a cyber way is a cyber crime. No government should be involved in interfering with the actual election operations. End of story. Retweet if you agree: Every woman deserves the freedom to make her own #healthcare choices.  I stand against President Trump’s ongoing attacks on women’s reproductive health. As ongoing foreign efforts to influence the U.S. midterm elections continue to be identified, I’m continuing my call for increased #cybersecurity threat assessments and resources to protect U.S. #election systems and other critical infrastructure. Title X has helped women avoid 822,000 unintended pregnancies. It also yields critical cost savings to our #healthcare system—every $1 invested in #TitleX saves more than $7 in Medicaid-related costs. Tax credits are already in place for electric cars, and I think #maritime deserves a seat at the table. That’s why I’m introducing plans for a new federal tax incentive to promote cutting-edge, eco-friendly electric boat motors, supporting Washington jobs.  Nearly two-thirds of #TitleX patients have incomes at or below the federal poverty level, and 43% of patients are uninsured. In 2016, nearly 4,000 Title X-funded health centers provided 720,000 Pap tests, nearly 1 million women with breast exams, and 1.2 million HIV tests. It’s always great to be in Walla Walla! We talked wine & trade at @lecole41 before touring the Mill Creek Flood Control Project with @USACEHQ and the #MillCreek Coalition.   … #TitleX providers offer confidential, medically accurate, and evidence-based care. Implementing a domestic #gagrule would do enormous harm to the millions of patients across the country who count on the high standard of medical care provided by these health centers. I was pleased to meet with Kimberly Reed, who was nominated to become president of the @EximBankUS. Now the Senate must confirm without delay and resume the critical support for U.S. products to be sold around the globe.pic.twitter.com/8dZaMw00Ty The Trump administration is carrying out a constant & concerted attack on women’s health & rights. It is undermining the #TitleX family planning program & implementing a new gag rule that interferes with doctors’ ability to provide patients info about #reproductivecare. Using #electricity to power our #maritime vessels can help us address some of our fuel problems and grow jobs right here in Washington state.  Cantwell: “Every student in America should be taught the tools they need to enter our 21st century economy”  Thanks @SenatorCantwell for your support of #ComputerScience in classrooms! Watch her speech here:  … #WAedu #WAlegpic.twitter.com/lVekIeQN4r There are 2.5 million outboard motors on the water today that could be replaced by an electric motor. We have a chance here in Washington state to pioneer a whole new industry. Electric motors can bring down fuel costs, lower carbon footprints, and reduce our dependence on oil. Free and fair elections are the bedrock of our democracy and they must be fiercely defended. Today’s news is a reminder that we must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. … Over the past decade, 14,000 gallons of oil fluid leaked into #PugetSound from recreation and commercial vessels. Electric motors can bring down fuel costs, lower carbon footprints, and reduce our dependence on oil.  Puget Sound is leading the way on a new technology that’s all about clean solutions. #Electric boat motors can bring down fuel costs, lower carbon footprints, and reduce our dependence on oil.pic.twitter.com/4h9nOMytmD Today’s news is yet another reminder that election interference is not a question but a fact. We must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. … We’re seeking #energy solutions that will help bring down fuel costs, lower carbon footprints, reduce our dependence on oil, and support our #maritime community.pic.twitter.com/QK54zrmRJ0 Our country’s free and fair elections are again under attack. We must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. … We have a chance here in the state of Washington to pioneer a whole new industry: using electricity to power our #maritime vessels.pic.twitter.com/siDxTDXCpl We must protect citizens of our country with pre-existing conditions from being rolled back to the time when their #healthcare cost more just because of that condition.   … Relying on #electricity to power a boat can cut its carbon footprint by more than 75%. I got to see this technology up close at @purewatercraft in Seattle while unveiling plans for a new federal tax incentive to promote this cutting-edge industry.  The conclusion of American intelligence agencies is crystal clear: Russian interference in our elections is a fact. We must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. #DETERactpic.twitter.com/t4l5D7OxFZ Denying #healthcare to those with pre-existing conditions actually costs everyone more in the end. Emergency rooms would be flooded with people waiting to get care, and those costs would be astronomical. Health care rates for all of us could increase. Allowing child welfare agencies to close the door to qualified foster & adoptive parents due to a difference in religious belief opens the door to taxpayer-funded discrimination. We should protect the rights of all qualified parents who answer the call to foster & adopt children. The individual health insurance market is an important source of coverage for more than 260,000 Washingtonians. With President Trump’s #healthcare sabotage, we are seeing average rate increases in our state's individual market go up again. Clean drinking water is a must for every Washingtonian, and for families throughout our country. From Airway Heights to Coupeville & Whidbey Island, this funding will ensure we continue to clean up groundwater in communities affected by these chemicals. … We want to make sure patients are not denied access to #healthcare just because of diabetes or asthma or some other pre-existing condition. I've joined @ChrisVanHollen, @SenRubioPress & others to sponsor bipartisan #election security legislation. Our bill would harden our defenses against future attacks and impose serious sanctions against hostile foreign powers meddling in future elections.pic.twitter.com/JYCZyeh1er More than 2,400 migrant parents have been separated from their children under the Trump administration’s “zero-tolerance” policy. They shouldn't be charged as much as $8/minute to speak with their children by telephone. I’ve called on officials to immediately end this practice. From Airway Heights to Coupeville and Whidbey Island, this funding will ensure we continue to clean up groundwater in communities affected by these chemicals. … Relying on electricity to power a boat can cut its carbon footprint by more than 75%. Today I saw this technology up close at @PureWC while unveiling plans for a new federal tax incentive to promote this cutting-edge industry, supporting eco-friendly boating and Washington jobs.pic.twitter.com/VOhwFzIjn6 I'm proud to stand with @PattyMurray, @RepDelBene, @RepRickLarsen, @RepDerekKilmer, @RepJayapal, @RepAdamSmith & 139 of our colleagues in this effort. People seeking asylum should not be treated like criminals. #FamiliesBelongTogether … I’ve sent a #bipartisan letter to President Trump, underscoring the importance of the #polysilicon industry to local economies across the country, including Moses Lake right here in Washington. … The Land & Water Conservation Fund has built fishing sites, parks & playgrounds, mountain bike trails, whitewater parks, swimming pools, & indoor/outdoor climbing areas—all geared toward getting Americans outside to enjoy the best of our public lands. #SaveLWCF President Trump's proposal to sell off transmissions from @bonnevillepower would hit middle class families in the pocketbook & hinder small business growth across the Northwest.   … I've demanded that immigration detention facilities end their practice of charging migrant parents as much as $8/minute to speak with their children on the phone. #FamiliesBelongTogether … Allowing child welfare agencies to close the door to qualified foster & adoptive parents due to a difference in religious belief opens the door to taxpayer-funded discrimination. We should protect the rights of all qualified parents who answer the call to foster & adopt children. Deterring foreign enemies from attacking our #election systems and other critical infrastructure is just the first step we must take to protect our national security and democratic institutions. #DETERactpic.twitter.com/OG0dWE01Hw Clean drinking water is a must for every Washingtonian, and for families throughout our country. I’m pleased to announce an additional $70 million in funding for environmental restoration in these areas struggling with water contamination. … Selling off @bonnevillepower wires and abandoning cost-based rates would raise electricity rates & throttle the Northwest economy. Some of what President Trump & his administration have proposed is downright dangerous. … The #LWCF is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve recreation opportunities & make the most cost-effective use of the land. #SaveLWCF  … I've urged @ICEgov officials to end the shameful practice of charging migrant parents in detention for phone calls to their children separated under President Trump’s “zero-tolerance” family separation policy. We have a moral duty to the children seeking a better life in the U.S. Clean drinking water is a must for every Washingtonian, and for families throughout our country. From Airway Heights to Coupeville & Whidbey Island, this funding will ensure we continue to clean up groundwater in communities affected by these chemicals. … The Land & Water Conservation Fund has successfully worked to conserve #outdoor spaces for years, and it's time to make that success permanent for generations to come. #SaveLWCF The conclusion of American intelligence agencies is crystal clear: Russian interference in our elections is a fact. We must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. #DETERactpic.twitter.com/v0nAOeSU7a I've joined 39 of my Democratic Senate colleagues in an effort to stop congressional Republicans from promoting discrimination against #LGBTQ Americans seeking to be foster or adoptive parents.  Read more here   … I was proud to work with @RepAdamSmith, @PortofSeattle, and @HighlineSchools to get critical funding for noise mitigation projects in @Burien. These projects are critical to the Highline School District & providing a comfortable & productive learning environment for all students. I’ve introduced a resolution with @PattyMurray and @RepDennyHeck to recognize the 29th anniversary of the Tribal Canoe Journey of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest. Congratulations to the Puyallup Tribe for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to the Puyallup! The Tribal Canoe Journey is a celebration of the resilient culture and way of life of all the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and across this nation. It is a vital part of the fabric and culture of the Tribal Nations of the Northwest. The administration needs to take stronger action prioritizing #cybersecurity of energy networks and fighting #cyber aggression. There is a need for additional cybersecurity resources to address our fundamental concerns. … Congratulations the Puyallup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Paddle to Puyallup. I’m looking forward to attending the Landing Ceremony this weekend! The individual health insurance market is an important source of coverage for more than 260,000 Washingtonians. With President Trump’s #healthcare sabotage, we are seeing average rate increases in our state's individual market go up again. I’ve cosponsored #bipartisan legislation that would send a powerful message to Russia & any other foreign actor seeking to disrupt our #elections: if you attack American candidates, campaigns, or voting infrastructure, you will face severe consequences.pic.twitter.com/yWCHBG5Oa7 Today in Walla Walla, I sat down in wine country for a roundtable discussion on trade. Did you know that Washington #wine supports almost 26,000 jobs? pic.twitter.com/rdZkWOroQS Make no mistake: If the provision of the #ACA that protects Americans with pre-existing conditions is struck down, it would lead to more chaos. Millions of people would be at risk of discrimination or denial of #healthcare coverage. Denying #healthcare to those with pre-existing conditions actually costs everyone more in the end. Emergency rooms would be flooded with people waiting to get care, and those costs would be astronomical. Health care rates for all of us could increase. This morning in Portland, I stood with Senator @RonWyden in defense of pre-existing condition protections. A person’s medical history should not be used to discriminate against them. Since 1960, drilling was banned in the the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Then, in 2017, a provision was added to President Trump’s tax bill that opened part of the refuge to development. Learn more here →   with @BillWeirCNN #ProtectTheArcticpic.twitter.com/z63UKxKzyo #LWCF is one of the most successful conservation tools we have. We must permanently reauthorize the Land & Water Conservation Fund before time runs out!pic.twitter.com/KbWpZkqmyU We want patients in Washington state to be protected. America’s patients, hospitals, doctors, and nurses are all weighing in: Denying people insurance is a bad idea. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge stands to conserve animals and plants, and continues to provide preserve the livelihoods of for traditional hunters and gatherers. It is the largest national wildlife refuge in the country.    #ProtectTheArcticpic.twitter.com/21kISjcPap The #healthcare of millions of Americans is at risk. Here in Washington, people with everyday issues like asthma or diabetes could be affected by the changes that President Trump is calling for. WATCH: The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is essential to the survival of hundreds of thousands of caribou, who travel across the plains each year. It is known to the native Gwich’in people call the coastal plain “the sacred place where life begins.”  pic.twitter.com/AwjHXnowRB We want to make sure patients are not denied access to #healthcare just because of diabetes or asthma or some other pre-existing condition. "This is the 3rd time Sen. Cantwell, ranking member of @EnergyDems has written to President Trump to express concerns about Russia's ability to target U.S. energy facilities, pipelines & other critical infrastructure. The White House has never responded." … ICYMI: In a letter written to @RealDonaldTrump, @SenatorCantwell calls for greater action from the federal government to defend the U.S. energy grid from #cyberattacks. Read More →  pic.twitter.com/g3mhbHHgmX The most effective way to reduce #fuel costs, both nationally and individually, is to beat the #OPEC monopoly with some good old-fashioned competition at the pump. … Americans should be able to fill up their gas tanks with homegrown #biofuels instead of the Saudi or Russian crude. We should continue to push for #electric vehicles and lower operating costs for consumers. We should look at using #affordablehousing to improve the effectiveness of other federal programs & improve life outcomes for people in Washington & across the country. My #bipartisan legislation creates a task force to do just that. The more crude oil we've pumped in the U.S., the harder OPEC and other producers like Russia have worked to make sure that prices stayed high. It's very hard for us to drill our way out of this problem. BREAKING: "In a letter to the White House Wednesday, Washington Democrat @SenatorCantwell & South Carolina Republican Lindsey @GrahamBlog write that they are "concerned about Russia's capabilities with respect to cyberattacks on our energy infrastructure." … As the top Democrat on the Senate Aviation Subcommittee, I will continue to prioritize smart investments in infrastructure throughout the Northwest, especially in our rural communities. Read more here:   … In tight oil markets, we see the opportunity for volatility and potential for manipulation. We must continue to find ways to protect consumers & make sure that we're breaking monopolies at the pump. This ‘drill at all costs’ approach is wrong for our economy and wrong for the environment. … I've requested a thorough analysis of what steps the Trump administration is taking to combat Russian #cyber warfare capabilities & intrusions into our energy facilities. I'm concerned about Russia’s capabilities with respect to #cyberattacks on our energy infrastructure. I'm concerned about Russia’s capabilities with respect to #cyberattacks on our energy infrastructure. @DHSgov & @FBI confirm our reason to be alarmed, citing a "multi-stage intrusion campaign by Russian government cyber actors who targeted small commercial facilities’ networks." The fact that the Trump administration places no value on the booming recreation economy that generates over $887 billion annually is no surprise to those who have been watching their shameful record of exploiting our public lands over the last 2 years. … I've requested a thorough analysis of the scope of Russian capabilities to use #cyber-warfare to threaten our energy infrastructure & the extent to which they’ve already attempted cyber-intrusions into our electric grid, pipelines & other important energy facilities. I am concerned about Russia’s capabilities with respect to #cyberattacks on our energy infrastructure. The federal government needs to take stronger action prioritizing #cybersecurity of energy networks and fighting cyber aggression. … I sent a #bipartisan letter to President Trump today with @LindseyGrahamSC, calling for greater action from the federal government to defend the U.S. energy grid from #cyberattacks. … Pullman-Moscow Regional Airport received $16 million from @USDOT's Airport Improvement Program to pave, flight check, and open a new runway for full service in the fall of 2019. This will make the #Palouse more attractive for job creation & economic opportunity for everyone. I wrote to @SecAzar to urge @HHSGov to move forward with a proposal to address skyrocketing drug prices. This proposal would benefit seniors by providing transparency and immediate savings at the #pharmacy counter. Given the profound impact higher fuel prices have on family budgets & our economy, we need to take aggressive action on all fronts to make sure we’re policing these gas prices & markets. The federal government needs to take stronger action prioritizing #cybersecurity of energy networks and fighting #cyber aggression. There is a need for additional cybersecurity resources to address our fundamental concerns. I'm pleased to announce that the Pullman-Moscow Regional Airport received more than $16 million in funding for construction of a new runway.  This new runway will make the #Palouse more attractive for job creation & economic opportunity for everyone. With respect to our #energy infrastructure, more information must be provided to Congress to address our specific concerns about Russian capabilities or interference. … This summer, every gas station fill-up costs Washington drivers about $8 more than it did last summer. Everyone is paying more, which means less take-home pay for hard-working families. We need to do whatever we can to protect consumers during the expensive summer driving season. The Tukwila Village project is a win-win situation for our seniors, for the @CityofTukwila, and for the development jobs that were created by the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit. #LIHTC … This ‘drill at all costs’ approach is wrong for our economy and wrong for the environment. … I just sent a letter to President Trump with @LindseyGrahamSC, calling for greater action from the federal government to defend the U.S. energy grid from #cyberattacks. We are concerned about Russia’s capabilities with respect to cyber attacks on our energy infrastructure.pic.twitter.com/MGm1Aaxlpn The current run-up in #gas prices is effectively a tax on every American family’s discretionary budget, particularly in Washington state where drivers pay the 3rd highest gas prices in the nation.  I recently joined a #bipartisan group of 20 Senate colleagues to send a letter to @SecAzar urging @HHSGov to increase transparency & take steps to lower prescription drug prices for Washington seniors. High #gas prices are a burden on every American family & business, and they threaten our nation’s continued economic growth & global competitiveness. We need to do whatever we can to help lower the price at the pump & protect consumers during the expensive summer driving season. The fact that the Trump administration places no value on the booming recreation economy that generates over $887 billion annually is no surprise to those who have been watching their shameful record of exploiting our public lands over the last 2 years. … Across the country, summer #gasoline prices are averaging $2.87 per gallon, 53 cents higher than last summer. We need to do whatever we can to help lower the price at the pump & protect consumers during the expensive summer driving season. #Diesel fuel, essential for transporting American goods to market, has increased an average of 66 cents this summer, to $3.20 per gallon. We don’t want to see the price of oil get any more expensive.pic.twitter.com/dQKKDvokux The Tukwila Village project is a win-win situation for our seniors, for the @CityofTukwila, and for the development jobs that were created by the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit. #LIHTC  In the GOP tax law, oil companies got a $4 billion dollar tax break (on top of a lower corporate tax rate). And yet here we are, months later, paying higher gas prices. What did Washingtonians get out of those tax breaks? I don’t think that’s fair use of taxpayer money. Aside from the fact that we’re continuing to put unsustainable levels of carbon into the atmosphere, America’s increase in #fossilfuel production seems only to be padding the bloated oil economy profits rather than helping the household budgets of many consumers. Record-level oil production here in the U.S. isn’t providing relief at the #gas pump, despite the fact that just last week we reached a new production record of 11 million barrels per day. It's very hard for us to drill our way out of this problem. Because #gasoline prices are up, the average Washington household will pay $149 more in fuel costs this summer. We don’t want to see the price of oil get any more expensive. According to @EIAgov, #gasoline prices are higher this summer than during the last 4 summers. High gas prices are a burden on Washington drivers & threaten our nation's continued economic growth & global competitiveness.pic.twitter.com/gjJwR2woNW People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the #ACA and the provisions that protect coverage for pre-existing conditions. … The Tukwila Village project is so unique. Increasing #affordablehousing is something we must do & we must be smart about it. #LIHTC  I’ve sent a #bipartisan letter to President Trump, underscoring the importance of the #polysilicon industry to local economies across the country, including Moses Lake right here in Washington. This ‘drill at all costs’ approach is wrong for our economy and wrong for the environment. … Fair and open access to the Canadian market will further support the Washington #wine industry’s critical contributions to our state’s economy. … LIVE NOW: I’m examining factors that are impacting global oil prices, and yes, the price at the pump.  Watch here:   … COMING UP: Watch live at 7am PDT as I question experts about what can be done to bring relief at the #gas pump to Washington state drivers.   … WATCH SOON: @SenatorCantwell to question expert witnesses at hearing about what can be done to bring relief at the pump →  pic.twitter.com/pteQo0IUnz It was great to be in @CityofTukwila to help open a new #affordablehousing building. #LIHTC  We can't allow one of our most successful conservation tools to continue to flounder in uncertainty. We must permanently reauthorize the Land & Water Conservation Fund. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/BS67tNYoH3 I've joined @PattyMurray & @RepNewhouse to shine a spotlight on the devastating impact of Chinese #tariffs on polysilicon materials. These tariffs have negatively affected #polysilicon manufacturers in Moses Lake, hurting its local economy & job market. The task force created by my #affordablehousing legislation would work to evaluate the impact that a lack of affordable housing has on other areas of life. These include impacts on education, employment, income level, health, nutrition & neighborhood #poverty levels. The fact that the Trump administration places no value on the booming recreation economy that generates over $887 billion annually is no surprise to those who have been watching their shameful record of exploiting our public lands over the last 2 years. … We in Washington state have witnessed firsthand the disaster of #wildfires and what the aftermath means for people living in affected communities. Our heroic #firefighters do everything they can to be ready for the fire season, and we need to do the same. Canada is a top market for Washington #wines, and this announcement is a significant step forward in allowing our world-class wines to reach consumers in British Columbia.   … I've visited #affordablehousing developments at events all across our state. From Seattle, Tacoma, Spokane & Vancouver to Walla Walla, Longview, Kent, Bremerton & Bellingham, more needs to be done to get to the root causes of the housing crisis. NEW from Ranking Member @SenatorCantwell --->pic.twitter.com/cNdv24xSuC I want to make sure that #firefighters have every tool available to help fight these #wildfires. We need to make sure they are as safe and efficient as possible.pic.twitter.com/uGA6Npii8q We are all saddened to hear of Archbishop Hunthausen's passing. His compassionate leadership will be missed in the Northwest. He made inclusiveness a hallmark of his time in Seattle and it should be remembered. -MC … In my efforts to prioritize affordable housing, I've been glad to work with more than 2,200 national, state, and local #affordablehousing advocates (known as @HousingACTION). We need to better understand & respond to America's #housing crisis. According to the @nwcouncil, President Trump's proposal to sell off @bonnevillepower assets could raise electricity rates by as much as 40%. I've called on the administration to abandon its misguided plan to sell federal transmission lines. In March, I secured a 12.5% increase in the Low Income Housing Tax Credit over the next 4 years—the first increase in over a decade. This expansion will allow Washington state to build 20% more #LIHTC-financed #affordablehousing developments in 2018 alone. I've joined @ChrisVanHollen, @SenRubioPress & others to sponsor bipartisan #election security legislation. Our bill would establish reporting requirements, prohibit actions by foreign governments, require specific sanctions on Russia & harden our defenses against future attacks. Almost half of Washington state renters are cost burdened, spending over 30% of their income on rent. There are only 29 affordable & available homes for every 100 extremely low income families. More needs to be done to get to the root causes of the #affordablehousing crisis. I’m glad that the @Interior Department is being very aggressive about using #drones on wildland fires. This new tool is so critical for information about fire size, starts, safety, and the security of our #firefighters. The #affordablehousing crisis is very real in Washington state. Since 2010, median rents have risen by 19.7% – almost 7% higher than those nationwide. I'm prioritizing #affordablehousing in my work in the Senate because so much more needs to be done. Selling off @bonnevillepower wires and abandoning cost-based rates would raise electricity rates and throttle the Northwest economy. Some of what President Trump & his administration have proposed is downright dangerous. There is currently a nationwide shortage of 7,200,000 affordable rental homes in the United States, according to @NLIHC. I've introduced legislation that seeks to better understand & respond to America’s housing crisis by creating a bipartisan #affordablehousing task force. Deterring foreign enemies from attacking our #election systems and other critical infrastructure is just the first step we must take to protect our national security and democratic institutions. #DETERact Over the next decade, more than 1,000,000 #affordablehousing properties will exit the market. Increased demand & shrinking supply has resulted in a significant deficit of affordable housing. We have to do better. President Trump's proposal to sell off transmissions from @bonnevillepower would hit middle class families in the pocketbook & hinder small business growth across the Northwest. What @SenatorCantwell is doing to increase election security and deter foreign interference in the 2018 election>>  From 2005-2015, more than 9,000,000 new renters joined the market—the largest increase on record—but #affordablehousing options continue to dwindle. More needs to be done to get to the root causes of the affordable housing crisis. The conclusion of American intelligence agencies is crystal clear: Russian interference in our elections is a fact. We must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. #DETERact It’s great to be in @CityofTukwila today to help open one of the largest #affordablehousing complexes for seniors in Washington state. As rents continue to skyrocket, we have to keep up our efforts to address the affordable housing crisis.pic.twitter.com/ek8I2lw2t5 The #affordablehousing task force I'm seeking to create with a #bipartisan group of colleagues will provide recommendations to Congress about how to increase affordable housing options to improve the effectiveness of other federal programs, ranging from education to #healthcare. When it comes to #wildfires, we just can’t work fast enough. The changing #climate and environment is making fire more challenging for our @ForestService, for our wildland firefighters, and for our communities. We need to do so much more. Research shows that an inability to access safe & affordable homes leaves families with fewer  to spend on #healthcare, groceries & other expenses—further trapping them in the cycle of #poverty. More needs to be done to get to the root causes of the #affordablehousing crisis. Some of what President Trump & his administration have proposed is downright dangerous. At the top of the list is the idea to sell off transmissions from @bonnevillepower. Research shows that an inability to access safe & affordable homes jeopardizes educational performance & economic mobility. We need to better understand & respond to America's #housing crisis. My bipartisan #election security legislation uses the threat of powerful sanctions to dissuade hostile foreign powers from meddling in our elections. It ensures they know well in advance that the costs will outweigh the benefits. #DETERact For millions of Americans, a lack of #affordablehousing has profound, negative, and lasting consequences. More needs to be done to get to the root causes of the affordable housing crisis and show that the Low Income Housing Tax Credit is cost-effective & creates jobs. #LIHTC This year we were able to boost the Low Income Housing Tax Credit, which has built 90% of #affordablehousing in our country. More needs to be done to get to the root causes of the affordable housing crisis and show that #LIHTC is cost-effective & creates jobs. The Land & Water Conservation Fund is the key tool we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve #recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of our land. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/qKL9pNBeVR So proud of these Washington students from Junior State of America for engaging in our democracy. Even @SenatorCardin wanted to snap a photo with you!pic.twitter.com/efmdEZpxKo This #wildfire season, making sure that those on the fire line have the best possible information is critical. … I’ve again called out the Trump administration's proposal to sell off @BonnevillePower power lines & other assets. Some of what the president & his administration have proposed is downright dangerous. I’ve cosponsored #bipartisan legislation that would send a powerful message to Russia & any other foreign actor seeking to disrupt our #elections: if you attack American candidates, campaigns, or voting infrastructure, you will face severe consequences. I've joined @SenToddYoung and a #bipartisan group of colleagues to introduce legislation that seeks to better understand & respond to America’s #housing crisis by creating an #affordablehousing task force. It’s so inspiring to see young people engaged in the conversation around #climate and environmental justice. Thanks to @ThisIsZeroHour for stopping by my office and sharing your passion! #ThisIsZeroHourpic.twitter.com/kJ7SXuujbD I've joined @ChrisVanHollen, @SenRubioPress & others to sponsor bipartisan #election security legislation. Our bill would establish reporting requirements, prohibit actions by foreign governments, require specific sanctions on Russia & harden our defenses against future attacks. Today, I again called out the Trump administration's proposal to sell off @BonnevillePower power lines & other assets. Some of what the president & his administration have proposed is downright dangerous. #Agriculture is critical to our state’s economy. It was great to discuss this with the @WSUPullman agriculture coalition today.pic.twitter.com/n0K5PuKHdt I've urged @SecretaryZinke to abandon his proposal to weaken a rule that's critical to protecting our coasts from #oilspills. Instead he should focus on prioritizing the health & safety of our economy & #environment. #ProtectOurCoast Deterring foreign enemies from attacking our #election systems and other critical infrastructure is just the first step we must take to protect our national security and democratic institutions. #DETERact We need to reauthorize the Land & Water Conservation Fund now so we can continue to explore our beautiful state & protect some of its most precious lands, while helping keep our economy humming & providing 227,000 Washingtonians with good jobs. #SaveLWCF … The conclusion of American intelligence agencies is crystal clear: Russian interference in our elections is a fact. We must take immediate action to protect and secure our elections from future meddling by Russia or anyone else. #DETERact Instead of throwing out common-sense safeguards, we should be working to incorporate more lessons learned from tragedies like #DeepwaterHorizon to improve safety, oil spill prevention, and response. #ProtectOurCoast It was my pleasure to meet @WWFH_WA today to discuss ways to ensure our #healthcare system is affordable & accessible to all. #WWFH2018pic.twitter.com/wtgC9ofJQ5 My bipartisan #election security legislation uses the threat of powerful sanctions to dissuade hostile foreign powers from meddling in our elections. It ensures they know well in advance that the costs will outweigh the benefits. #DETERact In the 3 years after the Affordable Care Act was implemented, average rate increases in our state's individual health insurance market dropped. With President Trump’s #healthcare sabotage, we are seeing those rates go up again. Message to Trump: Making our #energy rates  is just crazy.pic.twitter.com/6deYvgEi09 Today I cosponsored #bipartisan legislation that would send a powerful message to Russia & any other foreign actor seeking to disrupt our #elections: if you attack American candidates, campaigns, or voting infrastructure, you will face severe consequences. Rolling back critical protections created to prevent oil spills is not only irresponsible, it is dangerous. @SecretaryZinke's proposed rollback of these protections is not in the best interest of workers, taxpayers, or the environment. #ProtectOurCoast I’m glad that the @Interior Department is being very aggressive about using #drones on wildland fires. This new tool is so critical for information about fire size, starts, safety, and the security of our #firefighters. I will continue working with my colleagues to make sure we provide access to this vital funding that enables communities throughout Washington to plan for the future. #PILT … With time running out to reauthorize LWCF, @SenatorCantwell has introduced bipartisan legislation to permanently reauthorize the LWCF. #SAVELWCF  pic.twitter.com/dy0vB2yoFF The Trump Administration proposed rolling back a rule that set minimum standards for the oil & gas industry to meet when conducting drilling operations. This endangers oil workers, threatens the environment & imposes enormous potential liability on taxpayers by ignoring safety. "You are literally hampering what is critical outdoor recreation & economic development..." -@SenatorCantwell #SaveLWCF   via @jeremydillonCQpic.twitter.com/y9wPtGzloP The individual health insurance market is an important source of coverage for more than 260,000 Washingtonians. With President Trump’s #healthcare sabotage, we are seeing average rate increases in our state's individual market go up again. .@SenatorCantwell slams administration’s proposed reorganization for @Energy and @Interior →  pic.twitter.com/en3dlypOjz The Trump Administration’s proposed rule rollback would erode key safety and #environmental protections, which I fear would put our $150 billion dollar American coastal economy at great risk to oil spills. #ProtectOurCoast Local governments in rural communities throughout Washington depend on #PILT (Payment in Lieu of Taxes) money to fund critical services & strengthen the community. … I’ve led a group of 23 senators in a letter to @SecretaryZinke opposing the Trump Administration’s proposal to rollback a rule that’s critical to improving the safety of offshore oil and gas operations and protecting our coasts from oil spills. #ProtectOurCoast .@SenatorCantwell & 23 Senate Democrats wrote to @SecretaryZinke opposing @RealDonaldTrump's proposal to rollback the Blowout Preventer Systems & Well Control Rule, which is critical to the safety of offshore oil & gas operations →   #ProtectOurCoastpic.twitter.com/xklwapbwKZ WATCH SOON: @SenatorCantwell at hearing to examine @Interior and @Energy reorganization and modernization proposals  →    Whether in politics, art, or culture, the contributions of the Korean American community have made Washington state a better place to live, work, or raise a family. I was so glad to talk with this group of Washingtonians from the Korean American Coalition.pic.twitter.com/qfZ21p4fOT The Affordable Care Act’s pre-existing condition protections apply to all Americans with private #health insurance & all who will ever get private insurance. If the pre-existing protections in the law are struck down, millions of people would be at risk. We can’t let that happen. In the foothills of the Cascades and in the shadows of Mt. Rainier, the Land & Water Conservation Fund has helped us continue to preserve great resources and great assets. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/tyh3mB892p Meeting with people from home is always the best part of my week. Come join us for some coffee and a tour of the U.S. Capitol!pic.twitter.com/Lol2gilAfm Under the Affordable Care Act, you can't be denied insurance or charged more because of a #health issue you had before signing up. We need to protect these provisions & ensure everyone can access affordable #healthcare regardless of medical history. #ACA … The Affordable Care Act made a number of improvements to #health insurance, including protecting people with pre-existing conditions from being denied insurance or charged more on the basis of their health status. We must defend this provision of the law. These impressive students from Seattle and Tacoma stopped by my office as part of the @CloseUp_DC program. Thanks for your great questions!pic.twitter.com/0MF2hW3AmL Republican state attorneys general & @TheJusticeDept are seeking to invalidate the Affordable Care Act in a case pending in federal court. I stand with the Democratic state AGs (including @AGOWA) who are intervening to protect #healthcare for millions of Washingtonians. Great to meet with Rep. Mary Dye yesterday with Mark and Michele, trustees of the #ColumbiaBasin Development League, to talk about the Columbia Basin Project and how important water delivery is to our entire state’s economy.pic.twitter.com/tWBXnUDL6s Republican state AGs have filed a lawsuit asking a federal court to strike down the entire Affordable Care Act, including protections for people with pre-existing conditions. We can't return to the days when insurers could deny coverage or charge more due to your medical history. Great to meet this group of Washington special educators from @KennewickWA, @CityofPuyallup, #SnoqualmieValley, and @CityofIssaquah. Thank you for your commitment to our students!pic.twitter.com/fPGxbXlz8u The Affordable Care Act made a number of improvements to #health insurance, including protecting  people with pre-existing conditions from being denied insurance or charged more on the basis of their health status. We must defend this provision of the law. As a lawsuit threatens to undermine critical coverage for the millions of Washingtonians living with pre-existing conditions, I continued my conversations with people living with these conditions & #healthcare providers this weekend in Everett. … I really enjoyed meeting this group of @RESULTS_Tweets volunteers from Washington state today. Thank you for your passionate advocacy and work toward ending #poverty. #Voices4RESULTSpic.twitter.com/sHgNTNwBzO We continue to fight for the permanent reauthorization of the Land & Water Conservation Fund, which has created treasured outdoor recreation spaces for all. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/jenFph56Ah Earlier this year, Danny House was selected as Washington state’s Small Business Person of the Year. Today I got to congratulate him in person. Congrats to Dan the Sausageman of @Burien for 30 years of delicious snacks! #DantheSausageman #SmallBizpic.twitter.com/tTnOfBDYzP 133 million Americans under age 65 have a pre-existing condition. Someone's medical history should not be used to discriminate against them. It was wonderful to meet these outstanding students from Quincy who visited my office with the @4H program.   …pic.twitter.com/oIqQCOEf9E This weekend, I continued my conversations with people living with pre-existing conditions, #healthcare providers, and patient advocates at a roundtable discussion in Everett. People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. … Putin again denied Russian interference in our elections and President Trump again refused to call him out. The foundations of our democracy are at risk and the American people deserve better.pic.twitter.com/LbyR2jK74X People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the provision of the Affordable Care Act that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions. As a lawsuit threatens to undermine critical coverage for the millions of Washingtonians living with pre-existing conditions, I continued my conversations with people living with these conditions & #healthcare providers this weekend in Everett. … This is a major step forward for job growth, commerce, and tourism in the #Wenatchee Valley.  And it’s one the local community has worked hard to make happen. … #DidYouKnow: In Snohomish County, 316,000 Washingtonians under age 65 have a pre-existing condition. People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. … Putin again denied Russian interference in our elections & Trump again refused to call him out. The foundations of our democracy are at risk & the American people deserve better. We must work harder than ever to ensure the cybersecurity &integrity of our free & fair elections. Free and fair elections are the bedrock of our democracy and they must be fiercely defended. The President should have addressed this issue today. Russian interference in our elections is not a question but a fact. President Trump should be listening to the unanimous conclusion of American intelligence agencies. This weekend, I continued my conversations with people living with pre-existing conditions, #healthcare providers, and patient advocates at a roundtable discussion in Everett. People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history.pic.twitter.com/21AMwu4fVl So many Americans have been able to access & enjoy our treasured #outdoor places thanks to the Land & Water Conservation Fund. Future Americans deserve the same chance. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/A7sqwCGwCI We're fighting for the inclusion of people, not prejudice against those with pre-existing conditions. Someone's medical history should not be used to discriminate against them. If people don’t have #healthcare insurance or can’t pay for it, they don’t just disappear. They end up needing emergency care at a very high cost. We can't go backwards, as President Trump wants, by striking down protections for pre-existing conditions. We must go forward. When primary care is successfully managed, costs on the entire #healthcare system are reduced. Make no mistake: If the provision of the #ACA that protects Americans with pre-existing conditions is struck down, it would lead to more chaos. Millions of people would be at risk of discrimination or denial of #healthcare coverage. I am deeply troubled by the Trump Administration’s utter lack of preparedness to reunite children that it separated from their parents at the southern U.S. border and the callous manner in which it is treating this issue. #FamiliesBelongTogether Today I’m at @Prov_Health in Everett to talk with patient advocates & health providers about the importance of protecting critical coverage for the 3,034,000 Washingtonians who live with a pre-existing condition. FACT: Under the Affordable Care Act, you can't be denied insurance or charged more just because of your medical history. It has expanded coverage and driven down #healthcare costs. #ACA I will continue working with my colleagues to make sure we provide access to this vital funding that enables communities throughout Washington to plan for the future. #PILT … In Snohomish County, 316,000 Washingtonians under age 65 have a pre-existing condition. I’m in Everett today to stand with the 3 out of every 4 Americans who know we need to keep critical protections for pre-existing conditions. Although a federal court has ordered the Trump Administration to reunite separated children with their parents, the administration is reportedly trying to be released from its obligation to reunite children whose parents have already been deported. #FamiliesBelongTogether Local governments in rural communities throughout Washington depend on #PILT (Payment in Lieu of Taxes) money to fund critical services & strengthen the community. … FACT: #Premium increases for families with work-based insurance dropped a cumulative 18% in the 6 years after the Affordable Care Act became law, compared with the previous years. #ACA The Trump Administration has reportedly lost or destroyed some of the records linking separated children to their parents. This is particularly troubling given that children as young as 3 months old have been separated from their parents under Trump's "zero-tolerance" policy. There are those, including @TheJusticeDept and attorneys general from various states, who are trying to strike down protections for pre-existing conditions. We don’t want to return to the days when insurers could deny you access or charge you more. Retweet if you agree: People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the provision of the #ACA that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/3k6RlSHrzO I am gravely concerned that the Trump Administration is unprepared, and possibly unwilling, to handle this crisis in a timely, thoughtful, and humane manner. #FamiliesBelongTogether … I will continue working with my colleagues to make sure we provide access to this vital funding that enables communities throughout Washington to plan for the future. #PILT … The American people deserve a Senate hearing on one of the most pressing issues facing our country. @SenJudiciary has a duty to conduct proper oversight of how the Trump Administration is going to fix the crisis it created & reunify separated children with their parents. In Clark County, 188,400 people under 65 have a pre-existing condition. If President Trump gets his way, they too could be faced with the unfortunate situation of having an insurer discriminate against them—denying them access to #healthcare or making it more expensive. Denying #healthcare to those with pre-existing conditions actually costs everyone more in the end. Emergency rooms would be flooded with people waiting to get care, and those costs would be astronomical. Health care rates for all of us could increase. This week, @HHSGov missed a court-imposed deadline to reunite children under age 5 with their parents. I’ve again urged @ChuckGrassley to hold an oversight hearing on the administration's process of reuniting these separated children with their parents. … In 79 days, we face the deadline of the #LWCF, a key tool that allows us to continue to recreate, hunt, fish, and hike. I hope we can work together in a bipartisan fashion to get the Land & Water Conservation Fund reauthorized. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/99I0Pz0yk3 Local governments in rural communities throughout Washington depend on #PILT (Payment in Lieu of Taxes) money to fund critical services & strengthen the community. … I’ve joined @MazieHirono and 7 other Senate Democrats to urge @ChuckGrassley to convene an oversight hearing on family separation and the Trump Administration’s haphazard plan to reunite immigrant children with their parents. Today's indictments show why Congress needs to do more to safeguard the bedrock of our democracy, our election infrastructure. That’s why I worked to secure $380 million in funding for election security grants to help states, including Washington, protect their election system. These indictments confirm the intelligence community’s unanimous finding that the Russian government directed cyber espionage in order to influence the 2016 presidential election. That is unacceptable. Today’s indictments reflect the depth of Russia’s attack on our electoral system. The investigation must continue. No one is above the law. I've joined 8 Senate Democrats in respectfully urging Senator @ChuckGrassley to hold an oversight hearing on the Trump Administration’s process of reuniting separated children with their parents. #FamiliesBelongTogether The American people deserve a Senate hearing on one of the most pressing issues facing our country. @SenJudiciary has a duty to conduct proper oversight of how the Trump Administration is going to fix the crisis it created & reunify separated children with their parents. Although a federal court has ordered the Trump Administration to reunite separated children with their parents, the administration is reportedly trying to be released from its obligation to reunite children whose parents have already been deported. #FamiliesBelongTogether I will continue working with my colleagues to make sure we provide access to this vital funding that enables communities throughout Washington to plan for the future. #PILT … I am deeply troubled by the Trump Administration’s utter lack of preparedness to reunite children that it separated from their parents at the southern U.S. border and the callous manner in which it is treating this issue. #FamiliesBelongTogether … It’s not every day you get invited to #goatyoga! Here’s my reaction when Rachael and Matthew of Lost Peacock Creamery in Olympia stopped by my office to extend the invitation.  pic.twitter.com/tmUHBRb2Rs FACT: Under the Affordable Care Act, you can't be denied insurance or charged more just because of your medical history. It has expanded coverage and driven down #healthcare costs. #ACA I am gravely concerned that the Trump Administration is unprepared, and possibly unwilling, to handle this crisis in a timely, thoughtful, and humane manner. #FamiliesBelongTogether … Retweet if you agree: People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the provision of the #ACA that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/lMyqABWjhj Local governments in rural communities throughout Washington depend on #PILT (Payment in Lieu of Taxes) money to fund critical services & strengthen the community. … The Trump Administration has reportedly lost or destroyed some of the records linking separated children to their parents. This is particularly troubling given that children as young as 3 months old have been separated from their parents under Trump's "zero-tolerance" policy. Our Democratic colleagues in the House are taking up the fight for an open and free internet. But now it’s time for House Republicans to decide: will they stand with big cable or will they stand with consumers, entrepreneurs, and small businesses? #NetNeutrality If protections for pre-existing conditions are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could be denied coverage or not have #health insurance because it’s too costly. Washington state was one of the first in the nation to have paid family leave, and as someone who worked in the high-tech sector, I saw the great benefits of it. Both parents want to take family leave and I’m proud that our state was one of the first to provide it. #PFLpic.twitter.com/B1ScBXuUa6 “I know the Internet Association. We’re going to work hard together at facing the challenges and threats for cybersecurity... protecting an open internet with net neutrality laws... and dealing with the privacy challenges.” - @SenatorCantwell … If anybody thinks that denying people #health insurance is going to be more cost effective, they’re wrong. We already know that covering more people on the Medicaid expansion and covering pre-existing conditions is driving down costs. VIDEO: @SenatorCantwell accepts the Internet Freedom Award at the 2018 #IAGala for her continued leadership on safeguarding and strengthening a free and open internet for consumers, innovators, and entrepreneurs. … Make no mistake about it – #NetNeutrality is an economic empowerment issue. In an information age, information is the critical tool, whether you’re seeking an education, seeking to participate in commerce, or seeking information in #healthcare.pic.twitter.com/6mDx6hkhRn In our state, Republicans and Democrats came together to #SaveTheInternet and protect #NetNeutrality. Why can’t we see this same bipartisanship in the U.S. House? I have twice written to Senator @ChuckGrassley to respectfully request a @SenJudiciary oversight hearing regarding the Trump Administration’s “zero-tolerance” policy, which resulted in the traumatic separation of children from their parents. #FamiliesBelongTogether It was great to meet this @GirlsWhoCode group from Washington. I enjoyed learning about their coding projects and seeing their passion for #STEM education!pic.twitter.com/FuwiqywTmf We need to make sure the traveling public is safe, and that both situational awareness and the best available technologies are implemented. We should be doing everything in our power to address train safety issues as quickly as possible. … Yesterday, @HHSGov missed a court-imposed deadline to reunite children under age 5 with their parents. I’ve again urged @ChuckGrassley to hold an oversight hearing on the administration's process of reuniting these separated children with their parents. … The successful and widely supported South Puget Sound Coastal Forest project is a perfect example of why I am fighting to reauthorize the Land & Water Conservation Fund. #SaveLWCF … I’ve joined @MazieHirono and 7 other Senate Democrats to urge @ChuckGrassley to convene an oversight hearing on family separation and the Trump Administration’s haphazard plan to reunite immigrant children with their parents. Heartbreaking events like the derailment in DuPont serve as an all too frequent reminder that train safety must be a priority issue. We need to make sure the traveling public is safe.   … With a growing cluster of technology companies in the #Wenatchee region, this  route would provide an important link that would allow for continued economic growth, as well as boost tourism around the area’s many recreational opportunities. … The Land & Water Conservation Fund is critical to protecting public lands, working forests, clean air, & clean water throughout our country. #SaveLWCF  … This is a major step forward for job growth, commerce, and tourism in the #Wenatchee Valley.  And it’s one the local community has worked hard to make happen. … Today, Republicans in the House voted to allow long-term detention of immigrant children whose families are seeking asylum in the U.S. This policy is contrary to American values. Our government has a humanitarian duty to the children and families seeking a better life in the U.S. … Washington state was one of the first in the nation to have paid family leave, and as someone who worked in the high-tech sector, I saw the great benefits of it. Both parents want to take family leave and I’m proud that our state was one of the first to provide it. #PFL Protecting our lands, waters & history is an American tradition. We need to #SaveLWCF for our future generations.pic.twitter.com/jT9FniBV25 I'm so pleased that @PangbornAirport in #Wenatchee is receiving a $750,000 grant to help establish much-needed nonstop air service to the San Francisco Bay Area. This route would boost business and leisure travel between the two regions. pic.twitter.com/GMSbOmGh6D Earlier this month, the Trump Administration escalated its deliberate attempts to take away Americans’ #healthcare & insurance protections when @TheJusticeDept announced it would not defend the Affordable Care Act's pre-existing condition protections.pic.twitter.com/zWEXuA5lpE We have 80 days to #SaveLWCF one of the most important programs for the protection and preservation of our National Parkspic.twitter.com/5qTvk1Ndns Congratulations to Dana and Grant, from Mercer Island and Shoreline. These standout students represent Washington as this year’s @usedgov 2018 U.S. Presidential Scholars. It was great to meet you both and recognize your terrific success. Keep it up!pic.twitter.com/by8MoLninW Surging #oil prices have made gas station fill-ups more expensive. I’ve called on President Trump to use all his authority to lower prices at the pump. … If people don’t have insurance, or can’t pay for it, their demand for #healthcare doesn’t just go away. Chances are it’s absorbed by the rest of the community and becomes more expensive.   … It’s always such a privilege to meet with Washingtonians in my DC office. Come join us for coffee and conversation! pic.twitter.com/ycpUiMXsDY There are those, including @TheJusticeDept and attorneys general from various states, who are trying to strike down protections for pre-existing conditions. We don’t want to return to the days when insurers could deny you access or charge you more.pic.twitter.com/Q6HQYBI5sW Thanks to this great group of @AlkiWolves from Vancouver for your sharp questions and interest in our civic process!pic.twitter.com/vZYrVzxQh2 We need to fight for Roe v. Wade in every state in America and show people we are going to fight for reproductive rights. … I was so glad to welcome Thomas to the U.S. Senate for his day as a U.S. Senator. Thanks to @MakeAWish and @SenGaryPeters for introducing us to this bright young man!pic.twitter.com/MAlogs9UI8 We're fighting for the inclusion of people, not prejudice against those with pre-existing conditions. Someone's medical history should not be used to discriminate against them.pic.twitter.com/nlixG43LJD FACT: #Premium increases for families with work-based insurance dropped a cumulative 18% in the 6 years after the Affordable Care Act became law, compared with the previous years. #ACA Surging oil prices have made gas station fill-ups more expensive. I’ve called on President Trump to use all his authority to lower prices at the pump. … The @2018USAGames have come to a close in Seattle, but I remain inspired by the strength & determination of every athlete. I’m especially proud of Devon, a @SpecialOlympics ambassador & former intern in my office, for taking home the gold in stand-up paddle boarding! #RiseWithUspic.twitter.com/CcCuT15hU7 Denying #healthcare to those with pre-existing conditions actually costs everyone more in the end. Emergency rooms would be flooded with people waiting to get care, and those costs would be astronomical. Health care rates for all of us could increase.pic.twitter.com/GVsBvlVtre Retweet if you agree: People should not be discriminated against because of their medical history. We must defend the provision of the #ACA that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/zrk3HHjZk4 Even if you have coverage with a major employer, if we roll back this provision, you could be at risk of an insurance company basically discriminating against you based on your prior medical history. … If people don’t have #healthcare insurance or can’t pay for it, they don’t just disappear. They end up needing emergency care at a very high cost. We can't go backwards, as President Trump wants, by striking down protections for pre-existing conditions. We must go forward.pic.twitter.com/Tu5xjOZ0dH Make no mistake: If the provision of the #ACA that protects Americans with pre-existing conditions is struck down, it would lead to more chaos. Millions of people would be at risk of discrimination or denial of #healthcare coverage.pic.twitter.com/9DuVhZMoJ1 I'm anxious to hear what President Trump's #SupremeCourt nominee has to say. Is the president able to pardon himself? Do you believe in the emoluments clause? What do you think of the Mueller investigation? These are monumental questions. #WhatsAtStake This is a major step forward for job growth, commerce, and tourism in the Wenatchee Valley, one the local community has worked hard to make happen.  Read more about the investment here:   … I'm pleased to announce that @PangbornAirport in Wenatchee is receiving a $750,000 grant to help establish much-needed nonstop air service to the San Francisco Bay Area. This route would boost business and leisure travel between the two regions.  Last week in Spokane, I met Jake, a high school student with Type 1 diabetes. He told me that pre-existing conditions like his don't care who you are or if you can afford coverage—you either have one or you don’t. Why should he be treated differently by an insurer?pic.twitter.com/pxDxP7ARqj President Trump should pick someone who will uphold years of precedent on the U.S. Supreme Court. One great thing about our nation is the independent judiciary. We're going to do everything we can to defend protections for pre-existing conditions. We're going to stand by the #healthcare community in Spokane and across our state. … This #SupremeCourt discussion is critical for a whole host of issues, including women's right to choose, access to #healthcare, and whether suddenly a pre-existing condition is no longer covered and you have to pay more for health insurance. #WhatsAtStake When primary care is successfully managed, costs on the entire #healthcare system are reduced. FACT: Under the Affordable Care Act, you can't be denied insurance or charged more just because of your medical history. It has expanded coverage and driven down #healthcare costs. #ACA In Clark County, 188,400 people under 65 have a pre-existing condition. If President Trump gets his way, they too could be faced with the unfortunate situation of having an insurer discriminate against them—denying them access to #healthcare or making it more expensive. If people don’t have insurance, or can’t pay for it, their demand for #healthcare doesn’t just go away. Chances are it’s absorbed by the rest of the community and becomes more expensive.   … When you take this oath of citizenship, you are representing years of hard work to get to this point. Your stories become the American story. It’s your turn to write the next chapter of American history. … The stakes were raised in the fight to protect #healthcare with the recent retirement on the U.S. Supreme Court. President Trump now has the opportunity to provide a lifetime appointment to a justice who could undermine health care access & protections for millions of Americans. The stories of immigrants become the American story. Nordstrom and Amazon and Microsoft and Boeing all have benefited from the immigrants who have come to these shores and to our state. … Recently in my office, a mother & her 11 year old child came to visit. This brave girl traveled to Washington, D.C. to speak on behalf of her brother & sister with sickle cell anemia. They shouldn't have to go all the way to DC to advocate for basic #healthcare—we can do better. The voice of these new citizens is loud and clear: Diversity in the United States is celebrated. … Earlier this month, the Trump Administration escalated its deliberate attempts to take away Americans’ #healthcare & insurance protections when @TheJusticeDept announced it would not defend the Affordable Care Act's pre-existing condition protections. In Wenatchee, I joined tree fruit industry leaders and growers who fought hard to get the market access they have. We live in one of the most trade-dependent states in the country. … If protections for pre-existing conditions are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could be denied coverage or not have #health insurance because it’s too costly. If anybody thinks that denying people #health insurance is going to be more cost effective, they’re wrong. We already know that covering more people on the Medicaid expansion and covering pre-existing conditions is driving down costs. I was recently honored to accept the 2018 Internet Freedom Award from the @InternetAssn. I will continue working to face threats to our #cybersecurity and protect the open #internet. … In Clark County, 188,400 Washingtonians under age 65 have a pre-existing condition. I was in @VancouverUS to stand with the 3 out of every 4 Americans who know we need to keep critical protections for pre-existing conditions. … We live in one of the most trade-dependent states in the country. 40% of jobs in Washington are tied to international #trade, representing roughly 1.5 million jobs. When we welcome #immigrants, we strengthen, reaffirm, and renew the American spirit and everything that makes our country so great. Together we can keep striving to build a more perfect union and make sure the promise of America endures.pic.twitter.com/ssG5S9dAm5 This week I joined local fruit growers and ag industry leaders in Wenatchee to discuss the importance of foreign #trade to Washington state #agriculture and the impact of retaliatory tariffs on the industry. I was so proud to spend the #4thofJuly at this #naturalization ceremony in Seattle, welcoming nearly 500 new American citizens from more than 80 different countries.pic.twitter.com/vwhng3SN4A Here in Washington, people with everyday issues like asthma or diabetes could be affected by the changes President Trump is calling for. #Healthcare for millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions is at risk.  I look forward to considering the nomination of an @EPA Administrator who will respect taxpayer dollars and stand up for the environment. Environmental stewardship is not a part-time job – it requires constant vigilance. The fact that @EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt actively did the opposite makes his resignation today a great day for salmon, clean air, and mother earth. … Today in Vancouver, I’m joined by patients and patient advocates to demand the Trump Administration stop its efforts to get rid of protections for people with pre-existing conditions.  Watch LIVE on Facebook now:   … Did you know 41% of Washingtonians under 65 have a pre-existing condition? And yet President Trump and his administration are trying to take away their coverage. Wishing everyone across Washington a happy and safe #4thofJuly!pic.twitter.com/q6QHWvuZ9F 3 out of 4 Americans say they would like to keep critical protections for pre-existing conditions. We want to keep this as law because if these protections are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. I couldn’t be prouder of Devon, a @SpecialOlympics ambassador and a former intern in my office. She won gold in stand-up paddle boarding at the @2018USAGames yesterday in Seattle. You go Devon!  #RiseWithUs #2018USAGames #ChooseToInclude … If anybody thinks that denying people #health insurance is going to be more cost effective, they’re wrong. We already know that covering more people on the Medicaid expansion and covering pre-existing conditions is driving down costs. Last week in my office, a mother & her 11 year old child came to visit. This brave girl traveled to Washington, D.C. to speak on behalf of her brother & sister with sickle cell anemia. They shouldn't have to go all the way to DC to advocate for basic #healthcare—we can do better. We need to defend the provision of the #ACA that protects coverage for pre-existing conditions. It should continue to be the law of the land. That’s why I’m sending another letter to President Trump, asking him to protect coverage of pre-existing conditions. Many different groups are asking to defend coverage for pre-existing conditions. @AmerMedicalAssn, @AmerAcadPeds, @AmericanCancer, @AmDiabetesAssn, @American_Heart, @ahahospitals, and @AAMCtoday are all speaking loudly & clearly because they know exactly what we’re fighting for. I sent a letter to President Trump, asking him to tell @TheJusticeDept we need to fight to cover pre-existing conditions, not stand on the sidelines or allow other attorneys general to fight against them. We want patients in Washington state to be protected. America’s patients, hospitals, doctors, and nurses are all weighing in: Denying people insurance is a bad idea. If protections for pre-existing conditions are rolled back, more than 3 million Washingtonians could be at risk. That means 3 million Washingtonians could either not have #health insurance because it’s too costly or just be denied coverage. On June 7th, the Trump Administration’s @TheJusticeDept refused to defend the Affordable Care Act's pre-existing conditions provision in court. Even though these protections are the law of the land and should be enforced & upheld by any administration, they aren’t doing that. President Trump and his team are basically saying they want to undo the very protections that allow patients get access to #healthcare even if they have a pre-existing condition. This leaves 3 over million Washingtonians at risk. Just a few years ago, people were commonly denied #health insurance for pre-existing conditions. If they didn’t get a denial, they got some exorbitant rate. That could mean the difference between getting care and not getting care. We want to make sure patients are not denied access to #healthcare just because of diabetes or asthma or some other pre-existing condition. WATCH LIVE: I'm at @MultiCareHealth in Spokane to demand the Trump Administration stop its efforts to strike down important patient protections for the millions of Washingtonians living with pre-existing conditions.   … I’m at @MultiCareHealth in Spokane this morning to join patient advocates & health providers to call on the Trump Administration & Congress to protect coverage for the millions of Washingtonians who have a pre-existing condition.  Watch live at 11 am PDT:  … In Washington state, 4 in 10 people under age 65 have a pre-existing condition. That's 864,000 people in King County alone who could receive a notice someday saying they're no longer covered because of their #preexistingcondition. In Spokane County, 201,300 Washingtonians under the age of 65 have a pre-existing condition. I'm at @MultiCareHealth in Spokane this morning to demand the Trump Administration stop its efforts to undermine health care for Washingtonians living with pre-existing conditions. People with everyday health issues could be affected by the #healthcare changes that President Trump is calling for. They include various pre-existing conditions like asthma, diabetes, arthritis, allergies, dementia—even becoming pregnant and having a baby. The #healthcare of millions of Americans is at risk. Here in Washington, people with everyday issues like asthma or diabetes could be affected by the changes that President Trump is calling for. Super pleased to be involved in a press conference regarding #ACA protections with Suzanne Anderson, President, Virginia Mason Medical Center, Eunice Hostetter, 15 year cancer survivor and of course US .@SenatorCantwell Great people doing good work.@ronsims there too!pic.twitter.com/XdRduIbGbn RT @JJusseroKIRO7: .@SenatorCantwell spoke earlier today at @VirginiaMason in #Seattle on healthcare. Hear her thoughts on the Affordable Care Act & why she is sending a letter today to @POTUS @realDonaldTrumppic.twitter.com/zdmZRFzV8g .@SenatorCantwell speaking at @VirginiaMason in #Seattle on health care. … The stakes were raised in the fight to protect #healthcare with the recent retirement on the U.S. Supreme Court. President Trump now has the opportunity to provide a lifetime appointment to a justice who could undermine health care access & protections for millions of Americans. #DidYouKnow: More than 3 million Washingtonians under the age of 65 have a pre-existing condition, which can include conditions ranging from allergies, asthma & high blood pressure to cancer & diabetes. Earlier this month, the Trump Administration escalated its deliberate attempts to take away Americans’ #healthcare & insurance protections when @TheJusticeDept announced it would not defend the Affordable Care Act's pre-existing condition protections. This morning, I’m joining patient advocates & health providers at @VirginiaMason in Seattle to call on the Trump Administration & Congress to protect coverage for the millions of Washingtonians who have a pre-existing condition or will need this critical coverage in the future. .@SenatorCantwell  says she would "love" if the SCOTUS vote was delayed until after the election, to give the Senate more time to debate #MTP EXCLUSIVE: Democratic senator warns colleagues of 'career-ending' Supreme Court vote  pic.twitter.com/kfj7RbsULn WATCH: I just finished my interview with @chucktodd this morning on @MeetThePress. Tune into your local NBC channel to watch, it's still coming up on Ch 23 in Yakima, Ch 6 in Spokane, and Ch 8 in Vancouver.  THIS MORNING: Be sure to tune in for our EXCLUSIVE interviews with @LindseyGrahamSC, @SenatorCantwell and @Ocasio2018 #MTP #IfItsSundaypic.twitter.com/QxuTiQcsiW Tune in to NBC tomorrow morning as I join @chucktodd on @MeetThePress. #IfItsSunday THIS SUNDAY: Exclusive interviews with Sen. @LindseyGrahamSC, @SenatorCantwell and Democratic nominee for New York's 14th Congressional District @Ocasio2018 on @MeetThePress with @chucktodd. #MTPpic.twitter.com/SmZXdbxADt I’m looking forward to joining @MeetThePress tomorrow morning. … THIS SUNDAY: I'm looking forward to talking about immigration and the upcoming Supreme Court vacancy this Sunday with @chucktodd on @MeetThePress. #IfItsSunday Learning to write and read #code is critical to creating and innovating in cyberspace. In high schools, fewer AP exams are taken in #computerscience than any other STEM subject area. While 58% of new STEM jobs are in computing, only 8% of STEM graduates are in computer science. By reducing the costs of establishing #compsci curriculum, the main barrier to entry for high schools to provide quality #coding classes, my legislation will help prepare the next generation of computer scientists to meet the demands of the #hightech workforce. Our #agriculture industry is facing unprecedented barriers as American farmers seek to export their products. Increased funding for well-established export programs is what our #farmers need. In Washington state, only 1,212 students graduated from college with #compsci degrees in 2015, leaving more than 16,200 computing jobs unfilled today. We need to prepare the next generation to meet the demands of the #hightech workforce. Increased foreign competition, along with trade policies that directly harm U.S. agricultural products, puts our #farmers at a disadvantage and at serious risk of losing out in the foreign #agricultural marketplace. Today’s students should be exposed to the computer skills of the 21st Century. By ensuring high school students can access #computerscience and #coding education, we can close the skills gap and boost our country’s competitive position globally. As federal support for @USDA's export programs remains stagnant, foreign competitors are increasing funding for #agricultural export programs to grow their international presence. Increased funding for well-established export programs is what our #farmers desperately need. FACT: The family separation & detention policy adopted by the Trump Administration is not required by U.S. law. Under Section 212 of the Immigration & Nationality Act, @DHSgov is legally allowed to provide #humanitarian parole to asylum seekers awaiting immigration proceedings. In our state & across the nation, our tech industry is booming & creating jobs every day, but curriculum isn't keeping up. By ensuring high school students can access #compsci and #coding education, we can close the skills gap & boost our country’s competitive position globally. As American #agricultural products face increasing competition & barriers to entry in markets around the world, funding for effective agricultural export programs is an important tool for American agriculture to remain competitive & continue its role as a driver of the economy. pic.twitter.com/pV0aW7NtSF pic.twitter.com/W6yHODLMck pic.twitter.com/5RHo5Omndc I joined @hardball this afternoon to discuss the U.S. Supreme Court vacancy created by Justice Kennedy’s retirement. The most important thing about this whole thing is that President Trump's views are out of the mainstream of the American public.  TUNE IN: @SenatorCantwell plays #Hardball!pic.twitter.com/5dZDRWFOW3 WATCH SOON: I’m joining @HardballChris to discuss the U.S. Supreme Court vacancy created by Justice Kennedy’s retirement. Watch live on @MSNBC. #SCOTUS We want people with criminal backgrounds to be stopped before they even get into the United States. But we don't want those who are seeking asylum to end up in a detention center, never to be heard from again. #Hanford is a big priority for our state. We need to make sure that clean-up happens, that contractors are accountable, and that our workers are protected. Today I released the following statement on the U.S. Supreme Court vacancy created by Justice Anthony Kennedy’s retirement:pic.twitter.com/qPr9jR2JjH I am disappointed with the Court’s decision today, which undermines the ability of public sector workers to bargain collectively and undoes 40 years of established law. #Janus … I've introduced legislation that creates grants for local high schools that allow students to take a #coding class in place of a mathematics, science, or foreign language class in order to fulfill a graduation requirement. The U.S. #agricultural industry is a key economic driver throughout the country. In 2017, agricultural product exports totaled $138 billion in revenue and helped create over 1.1 million jobs. We want due process, we want people to be understood, but people seeking asylum should not be treated the same way as some criminal.  I intend to continue to pursue making sure all our colleagues at the Department of @Energy understand the very terrible idea the Trump Administration is putting forward in trying to sell off assets from the @BonnevillePower Administration and @TVAnews. Oversight of immigrant children separated from their families falls under @HHSGov's Office of Refugee Resettlement, which exists to help assist in the relocation process and provide needed services to individuals granted asylum within the United States. In Washington state, #energy efficiency has delivered over & over again. There's a whole block in @SpokaneCity that plans on being a net zero energy block. I want that economy to move forward in our state and in our nation. Yesterday, I introduced legislation to help high schools throughout the country establish or expand #coding education programs by creating a new grant program within the National Activities Fund at @usedgov. As the Senate #FarmBill moves to the floor for consideration, I've urged the #Agriculture Committee’s strong support for the @USDA's export programs & asked it to increase funding for the Market Access Program (#MAP) and the Foreign Market Development Program (#FMDP). Today I pressed @SecAzar on the Trump Administration’s family separation immigration policies and asked about the department’s plans for reunifying children with their parents.  I am committed, now more than ever, to work towards the kind of country we all know we can be—where everyone is treated equally, no matter who they are or who they love. #EqualityForward #PrideMonth I disagree with @SecretaryPerry's proposal to subsidized high-cost #coal to compete with natural gas in #renewable markets. I've introduced legislation to great a competitive grant program that would be available for local high schools to advance #computerscience and #coding skills that are critical to the jobs of the future, national security, and the economic competitiveness of the United States. Yesterday @SenAngusKing & I led a bipartisan group of 13 senators to call on the Senate #Agriculture Committee to increase #FarmBill funding for 2 programs that help thousands of family #farms & small- to medium-sized ag enterprises export their products to international markets. We must continue to fight all forms of discrimination that #LGBTQ people continue to face and ensure that there are comprehensive federal nondiscrimination protections in place. #EqualityForward #PrideMonth In our state, Ms. Ibis Obeida Guzman Colindres is an asylum seeker from Honduras being held at SeaTac prison. She has not seen her son in over a month. Today I pressed the Trump Administration on its plans for reunifying Ms. Guzman Golindres with her son. … Today I questioned Trump Administration nominees for the Department of @Energy. Watch our exchanges here:  In Washington state, we are hikers, bikers, anglers, climbers, skiers, and so much more. We need to reauthorize the #LWCF now so we can continue to explore our beautiful state by protecting some of its most precious lands. #SaveLWCF … Three years ago today, the U.S. Supreme Court took an important step towards ending discrimination against many families across our country. #EqualityForward #PrideMonth #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/3pIEwP2CZQ Today, I secured a commitment from @SecAzar to ensure all immigrant parents and children held separately from each other have the ability to communicate.pic.twitter.com/18sqYNqza8 “Coming from a state where energy efficiency has delivered over and over again for us…I want that economy to move forward in my state and in our nation.” Read more here →  pic.twitter.com/FbfvjmqB74 WATCH SOON: @SenatorCantwell to question @ENERGY nominees  →  pic.twitter.com/uE8YKiJgvQ While limited media reports and Senate hearings have shed light on President Trump's “zero tolerance” policy, its exact scope & impact remains unclear. This cruel treatment of children & families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. Our cheap hydro system has been the backbone of our economy for decades, allowing many industries to flourish because of low electricity rates. The Trump Administration's proposal to privatize @bonnevillepower is a bad idea that has been soundly rejected before and will be again. The Senate must seek answers from the Trump Administration on the standards of care provided to the children rendered unaccompanied by the “zero tolerance” policy, including staffing ratios, credentials for contractors & background checks for individuals caring for the children. The Trump Administration's proposal to privatize @bonnevillepower is a terrible idea. Replacing cheap cost-based power with more expensive energy is bad for consumers and bad for business. … I’ve requested an oversight hearing regarding the Trump Administration’s new “zero tolerance” family separation policy. This cruel treatment of children and families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. In the foothills of the Cascades and in the shadows of Mt. Rainier, #LWCF has helped us continued to preserve great resources and great assets. The Trump Administration's proposal to privatize @bonnevillepower is a terrible idea. Replacing cheap cost-based power with more expensive energy is bad for consumers and bad for business. We are faced with a deadline in less than 100 days of this key tool that allows us to keep public open space so we can continue to recreate, hunt, fish, and hike. I hope we can do everything to work together in a bipartisan fashion to get this #LWCF reauthorized. The Senate must seek answers from the Trump Administration on the standards of care provided to the children rendered unaccompanied by the “zero tolerance” policy, including staffing ratios, credentials for contractors & background checks for individuals caring for the children. People might go out of business while the Trump Administration is creating this trade war. So I would just say, @SecretaryRoss: trade wars are not good. For the state of Washington, they are very damaging.  While limited media reports and Senate hearings have shed light on President Trump's “zero tolerance” policy, its exact scope & impact remains unclear. This cruel treatment of children & families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. When we have #tradewars, it impacts the Washington economy in a major way. Trade wars are not good. And for the state of Washington, they are very damaging. … I’ve requested an oversight hearing regarding the Trump Administration’s new “zero tolerance” family separation policy. This cruel treatment of children and families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. Every June, Washingtonians gather to celebrate and honor the contributions of the #LGBTQ community. Together we will continue the march towards full equality. I wish everyone across our state a happy and safe #PrideMonth.pic.twitter.com/uPJcd2Q6e8 In the foothills of the Cascades and in the shadows of Mt. Rainier, #LWCF has helped us continue to preserve great resources and great assets. #SaveLWCF  From Stonewall to marriage equality, the #LGBTQ community has made tremendous advances in the struggle for equality. But the march continues. #PrideMonth People who are farmers, who own small businesses, who fight every day to get access to Asian markets, to India, to Canada, to Mexico--they believe in a #trade policy that keeps moving forward. American #agriculture can still win.  Every June, Washingtonians celebrate our proud #LGBTQ community, honor its contributions, and recommit ourselves to ending discrimination and prejudice. This #PrideMonth, we reaffirm that our march towards full equality will never stop. Our cheap hydro system has been the backbone of our economy for decades, allowing many industries to flourish because of low electricity rates. The Trump Administration's proposal to privatize @bonnevillepower is a bad idea that has been soundly rejected before and will be again. We need to reauthorize the #LWCF now so we can continue to explore our beautiful state by protecting some of its most precious lands, while helping keep our economy humming and providing 227,000 Washingtonians with good jobs. #SaveLWCF … In the foothills of the Cascades and in the shadows of Mt. Rainier, #LWCF has helped us continued to preserve great resources and great assets. When we have #tradewars, it impacts the Washington economy in a major way. Trade wars are not good. And for the state of Washington, they are very damaging. … The Trump Administration's proposal to privatize @bonnevillepower is a terrible idea. Replacing cheap cost-based power with more expensive energy is bad for consumers and bad for business. We are faced with a deadline in less than 100 days of this key tool that allows us to keep public open space so we can continue to recreate, hunt, fish, and hike. I hope we can do everything to work together in a bipartisan fashion to get this #LWCF reauthorized. The Senate must seek answers from the Trump Administration on the standards of care provided to the children rendered unaccompanied by the “zero tolerance” policy, including staffing ratios, credentials for contractors & background checks for individuals caring for the children. People might go out of business while the Trump Administration is creating this trade war. So I would just say, @SecretaryRoss: trade wars are not good. For the state of Washington, they are very damaging.  While limited media reports and Senate hearings have shed light on President Trump's “zero tolerance” policy, its exact scope & impact remains unclear. This cruel treatment of children & families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. In the foothills of the Cascades and in the shadows of Mt. Rainier, #LWCF has helped us continue to preserve great resources and great assets. #SaveLWCF  I’ve requested an oversight hearing regarding the Trump Administration’s new “zero tolerance” family separation policy. This cruel treatment of children and families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. People who are farmers, who own small businesses, who fight every day to get access to Asian markets, to India, to Canada, to Mexico--they believe in a #trade policy that keeps moving forward. American #agriculture can still win.  I've called on the Trump Administration to halt the implementation of a #healthcare proposal that could threaten access to quality, affordable care for Americans—especially those with pre-existing conditions. .@SecretaryRoss, I want you to hear me: Apples and cherries are getting hurt. Now seafood, which is also on short margin, is going to be in the same spot. When we have #tradewars, it impacts the Washington economy in a major way. … Our cheap hydro system has been the backbone of our economy for decades, allowing many industries to flourish because of low electricity rates. The Trump Administration's proposal to privatize @bonnevillepower is a bad idea that has been soundly rejected before and will be again. We need to reauthorize the #LWCF now so we can continue to explore our beautiful state by protecting some of its most precious lands, while helping keep our economy humming and providing 227,000 Washingtonians with good jobs. #SaveLWCF … I joined my Democratic colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee to demand answers from the Trump Administration on these and other questions. We are awaiting @SecAzar’s response.  Read more here:   … What is the process for reuniting children separated from their parents at the border? Is it different from the process for other unaccompanied children? What is the administration doing to proactively find the parents of detained children and help them make contact with their children? Does the administration have a system to ensure parents in federal custody can speak with their children on a daily basis? Does this system extend to parents who have already been deported from the United States? Does the administration ensure parents and relatives who are non-English speaking are provided with materials and instructions in their native language, or are translation services provided? Does the administration have a system to ensure parents or their attorneys can locate their children? How many children are in the custody of @HHSGov who were separated from their parents at the border and have not yet been reunified with their parents or released to local family members? While we are encouraged that President Trump has signed an executive order to stop the unnecessary and cruel separation of children from their families, by no means is this crisis over. Here are some of the outstanding questions I still have for the Trump Administration: Individual businesses that fight every day to get access to Asian markets, to India, to Canada, to Mexico —believe in a #trade policy that keeps moving forward. Why? Because they gain access to a middle class around the globe. … Yesterday I had the pleasure of meeting with chef @erickson_renee, @leighhabegger of @SeaHarvesters, and the @EnvDefenseFund. Thank you all for being such passionate advocates for the sustainability of our fisheries and maritime economy.pic.twitter.com/9ZoCbBlPSK Thank you @FremontBrewing for joining our fight to #SaveLWCF! … “With a fall deadline looming, lawmakers need to get this legislation moving.” We must work to #SaveLWCF. … Apples and cherries are getting hurt. When we have #tradewars, it impacts the Washington economy in a major way.   … The #LWCF is the key tool that we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve #recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of the land. #SaveLWCF We look at trade wars as very 1980s retro policy. 1 in 4 jobs are related to trade, so whether it’s #aerospace, #agriculture, or now #seafood that’s going to be impacted, when we have #tradewars it impacts the Washington economy in a major way. … Yesterday I pressed Commerce @SecretaryRoss on the Trump Administration’s #trade policies, which have resulted in retaliatory #tariffs with detrimental impacts on Washington state’s agriculture, seafood, and maritime industries, among others. … The #LWCF is the key tool that we use to help communities, the state, and our nation preserve #recreation opportunities and make the most cost-effective use of the land. … Apples and cherries are getting hurt. Now seafood, which is also on short margin, is going to be in the same spot. When we have #tradewars, it impacts the Washington economy in a major way. … The Trump Administration’s proposed #healthcare rule would create a permanent market for bare-bones health insurance plans—allowing insurance companies to skirt requirements that protect patients with #PreExistingConditions. I’ve requested an oversight hearing regarding the Trump Administration’s new “zero tolerance” family separation policy. This cruel treatment of children and families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. #DidYouKnow: This season, Washington #apple growers have shipped over 10 million cartons of apples to Mexico, making up 27% of apple exports.  It should be a priority to shield our specialty crop growers from retaliatory actions in the form of #tariffs or other #trade barriers. This year, Congress provided a $414 million increase in @NIH #Alzheimer’s research funding. I strongly support increased @NIH funding, including increased funding for Alzheimer’s research. #EndAlz President Trump has targeted children for budget cuts, needlessly putting their access to health coverage at risk. #CHIP is about giving families the ability to take care of their needs by making sure they have coverage. This week I wore purple, the color of #Alzheimer’s awareness, along with @ALZ_WA & the @alzassociation. Thank you for keeping up the fight against this disease. #EndAlzheimers @alzimpactpic.twitter.com/3IDmcF6l8A FACT: The Affordable Care Act stops companies from charging women more than men for the same health care plan. #ACA While limited media reports and Senate hearings have shed light on President Trump's “zero tolerance” policy, its exact scope & impact remains unclear. This cruel treatment of children & families arriving to the United States demands immediate and direct Congressional oversight. The American people are demanding immediate answers on immigration policy, and accountability from the Trump Administration. I stand with @AGOWA. … China responded to Trump's #tariffs with new tariffs on apples, pears, cherries, and wine.  For Pacific Northwest #cherries, China is the top export destination.  If these tariffs remain, the financial impact to Washington’s growers will be very harmful. The Senate must seek answers from the Trump Administration on the standards of care provided to the children rendered unaccompanied by the “zero tolerance” policy, including staffing ratios, credentials for contractors & background checks for individuals caring for the children. President Trump has proposed $7 billion in cuts to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. We must never forget what the #CHIP program means for millions of children and their families. In Washington state, about 110,000 individuals have #Alzheimer’s, and in 2008, more than 3,000 deaths were attributed to this disease. We must continue to invest in Alzheimer’s research. #EndAlzheimerspic.twitter.com/L3OWQkuNuW #DidYouKnow: More than half of non-elderly Washingtonians have a pre-existing condition. Now, the Trump Administration is asking a federal court to strike down pre-existing condition protections even though they are the law of the land. 