My statement on the latest allegations against Judge Kavanaugh:pic.twitter.com/avna9t6hR1 International family planning assistance protects millions of women across the globe, but there are still 74 million unintended pregnancies each year due to a lack of contraception. I’ll keep advocating for US international family assistance on #WorldContraceptionDay & every day. This is absolutely right, @SenatorMenendez & @Madeleine. Refugees flee unimaginable dangers, and they contribute to our economy and communities every day in America.  It’s #NationalVoterRegistrationDay – there’s no better day to sign up ahead of the midterm elections this November! It’s important that we all make our voices heard, regardless of political party or ideology, and participate in our democracy.  Congratulations to Rob Scully of Souhegan High School for being recognized as the NH High School Principal of the Year! Thank you for your dedication and your focus on each student’s learning experience.pic.twitter.com/lvGTP7RMQx One more reason why Sec. Nielsen should resign. This memo proves what we’ve known all along: that the Trump admin had a clear policy of indefinite family separation. There was no plan to reunite parents & children. Children are still in detention & experiencing incredible trauma. … Every day is a good day to support NH lobstermen, but especially so on #NationalLobsterDay! I hope Granite Staters get a chance to treat themselves to a lobster roll today! The Senate has a constitutional obligation to fully vet Judge Kavanaugh. It’s egregious that there still hasn’t been an FBI investigation into the serious claims brought against him. @SenFeinstein is right to call for hearing postponement to get to the bottom of these allegations .@SenatorShaheen is the only woman on 2 committees.  “It doesn’t necessarily feel different; it feels frustrating,” she tells me. … What an honor to present Roger Campbell with the Congressional Gold Medal last Friday for his heroism during WWII. At 97, he is one of fewer than 100 OSS officers still alive today. Watch @WMUR9 on his service.pic.twitter.com/I9pwyhyH3j Great afternoon with farmers, stakeholders, and cows at Stuart Farm! NH dairies are closing at an alarming rate, and I will continue to fight for protections for these local farms.pic.twitter.com/ha8wtEGzWb As a survivor who didn't share my own assault for 40 yrs I believe Dr. Ford & understand the difficulty of coming forward due to stigma placed on survivors. @realDonaldTrump comments are reprehensible. If you/someone you know needs support visit @NHCADSV   … During the war, he served in Burma – one of the most challenging locations in the Pacific theater, collecting intelligence and assisting in war efforts. It was wonderful to join him and his family this morning in Wolfeboro. Thank you, Roger, for your service to our nation.pic.twitter.com/0x7MDPzYk6 I was honored to present Roger Campbell with the Congressional Gold Medal for his heroic service as part of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) during World War II. The OSS was the precursor to the CIA and, at 97, Roger is one of fewer than 100 members still alive today.pic.twitter.com/WYNufPrL05 As the President continues to escalate his trade war, the damage to small business keeps getting worse. The admin needs to wake up and reverse this policy.  Congrats @RedSox for clinching your third straight AL East title! Proud to be part of the #RedSoxNation, and looking forward to an historic year.  The President's tweet is disturbing. This is why survivors of sexual violence fear coming forward–they'll be called liars, dismissed & discredited. @POTUS should put down his phone & call for an FBI investigation if he really wants to get to the bottom of Prof Ford's allegations. Did AG Sessions recuse himself from implementing President Trump’s order to declassify FBI docs?pic.twitter.com/SV92JJrD30 I am absolutely thrilled that Nathalia was finally reunited in Manchester with her family. Nathalia was separated from her family because of the Trump administration’s cruel family separation policy. I will continue to do all I can to help parents reunite with their children.pic.twitter.com/9x8XO1jUvn I’m urging the FBI to make every attempt during this process to ensure that any documents released do not expose the sources and methods of intelligence collection or impede ongoing investigationspic.twitter.com/4ebEKQerAb I remain incredibly concerned about President Trump’s order to declassify select information on the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. The Senate should not repeat history. Republican leadership should do the right thing and we should get to the bottom of the allegations brought forward by Professor Ford without arbitrary deadlines.pic.twitter.com/3vFRJZrvFL My bipartisan legislation with @SenCoryGardner, which was signed into law, will ensure that we continue to understand the economic impact of outdoor recreation, and I’ll continue to prioritize legislation in Congress to build on that effort. This report shows that outdoor recreation is an economic powerhouse – underscoring the need to continue investing in measures that preserve our environment & access to public lands. Expanding outdoor recreation & protecting our environment is fundamental to NH's tourism industry. … I will continue to work across the aisle to increase federal support to turn the tide of this epidemic in NH. We cannot let up as long as Granite Staters are suffering without access to the care they desperately need. Too often, Granite Staters who are struggling with substance use disorders can’t get access to the treatment they desperately need. This investment will bolster our state’s response to the opioid epidemic by helping to provide more resources which will save lives. Very pleased that NH’s application for federal opioid response grants has been approved: NH will receive $22.9M for each of the next 2 years. This substantial increase is the product of long-term efforts in Congress to increase fed support for states hardest hit by this crisis. People who aren’t telling the truth typically don’t call for an FBI investigation into their claims or take a polygraph. The Senate has failed women who have come forward in the past. Professor Ford’s claims must be taken seriously and investigated. Professor Ford’s request for an FBI investigation is completely reasonable. Senate Republicans want to rush this hearing and have set an arbitrary deadline for Monday. That’s no way to vet these accusations or confirm a lifetime appointment to our highest court. Shameful. This roll back caters to big oil & gas industries at the expense of public health, a clean environment and innovative economy. … Fact check: The FBI can investigate Dr. Blasey Ford’s allegations as part of its background investigation – that is their job. To say otherwise is FALSE.  It investigated Anita Hill’s allegations of sexual harassment against Clarence Thomas. It should investigate this too. Absolutely right. … We will not stand for the continued victimization and smearing of Dr. Blasey Ford. All of us must work to end this kind of treatment of survivors who bravely share their experiences.pic.twitter.com/kgJtRUK0Hq Wishing everyone celebrating #YomKippur in New Hampshire and across the world an easy fast. Grateful every day for the men and women who protect us in the @USAirForce. Happy Birthday! #AF71 … We must listen to Professor Ford. We must treat this survivor with empathy. We must evaluate this new information. Anything less for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court would be an abdication of the Senate’s constitutional role and it would be absolutely wrong. Professor Ford has shown great courage in speaking out, and like too many before her, she is being attacked for doing so. These serious allegations must be investigated, and the Senate cannot repeat the mistakes of the past. Professor Ford must be treated with dignity. Women often don’t come forward to tell their stories of abuse because they know they’ll be discounted, demeaned and then ignored. The Senate must not repeat history and truly listen to Professor Ford. Women deserve to be heard. This is despicable. Important for all to remember the lessons of the past and not minimize or mischaracterize Professor Ford’s account. She deserves to be heard and respected. … To turn the tide of the opioid crisis, we need a comprehensive approach & substantial investment. This legislation has critical NH priorities that I fought for, and I’ll continue working across the aisle to ensure it becomes law. … I agree. The President is trying to undermine an active investigation through reckless declassification. We need an independent DOJ to do everything possible to protect sources and methods. … Incredibly proud of my granddaughter, Elle, and the other five women for being cast in @TheHastyPudding, ending nearly 200 years of male-only productions. Can’t wait to watch you all perform!  Escalating this trade war will be disastrous for NH. Already the President’s tariffs have cost American jobs and hurt NH small business, and China’s inevitable retaliation will harm them even more. The President must end this now. … No wonder this decision was taken without the consultation with Congress that is required. Don’t tell me this is for national security – refugees are among the most securely vetted travelers to the U.S. Congress is supposed to be consulted. Outrageous. The decision to reduce an already all-time low on refugee admissions is the opposite of what we stand for as a nation. It harms vulnerable families who face near-certain dangers and weakens our hand on the world stage. … I admire the courage of these Granite Staters for their rescue efforts during #HurricaneFlorence & ongoing work to get families to safety. Keeping all those impacted & first responders who are helping with recovery missions in my thoughts. … NH families impacted by PFAS contamination need answers about the potential health effects facing their loved ones. That’s why securing funding for the 2nd year of the study was a top priority for me. I’ll keep working to ensure this bill becomes law.  These Kremlin tactics are not new. Glad Sec. Mattis is in Skopje to express bipartisan support for the future Republic of North Macedonia and its accession to NATO. … The Senate Judiciary Committee should delay the vote on the Kavanaugh nomination until the sexual assault allegations made against him can be fully examined. Great to meet with regional #FAA and #NATCA leadership in Merrimack. Their work is critical to the safety and security of air travel throughout New England, and I’ll continue fighting to fund and reauthorize the FAA in the Senate.pic.twitter.com/Z0ezflWNS5 A gorgeous NH day at Pawtuckaway State Park! #LWCF provides critical resources to conserve Pawtuckaway and other lands across the nation, protect our environment & invest in our outdoor recreational economy. I’ll keep fighting to permanently reauthorize this program.pic.twitter.com/gDZWx09spe We're ranked in the top third of the nation’s universities for 2019 according to @usnews. Read more    #ThisIsUNHpic.twitter.com/AgfNEeP7oT The shoaling of Hampton Seabrook Harbor is extreme-it’s both a safety and an economic issue, affecting over a thousand ships depending on it for their business. Glad to see this bill move forward. I’ll keep pushing until the emergency dredging is complete.  Thank you to NH first responders answering the call & coming to the aid of our neighbors in MA. Keeping those impacted in my thoughts & urge those in the area to heed the warnings of our public safety officials.  … Welcome to NH, @Action_Brownson. Your trailblazing is inspirational! Proud to have you coaching at @DartFootball. … Horrifying. These are children. We need to do better. … My full statement here:   America’s national security interests and humanitarian values should be the guiding principles for any military action or assistance that the U.S. government pursues, and I am afraid that today’s certification demonstrates otherwise. We need to hold allies to a higher standard. Unfortunately this certification fails to do so. My legislation w/ @SenToddYoung established firm benchmarks on avoiding civilian casualties-the coalition hasn't met them. The admin is deliberately sidestepping congressional oversight. … Great to see Granite Staters helping out in advance of #HurricaneFlorence. To everyone who is in its path – please take extra precautions to ensure that you and your family stay safe.  Glad to share that the PFAS health-impact study is moving forward & efforts are underway to deliver answers to NH families who have been affected by PFAS contamination in their water. I’ll keep fighting to get Granite Staters the information they deserve.  The Kremlin is steadily increasing its aggression towards the United States and I believe it will continue to do so until we respond with clarity and strength. Republicans and Democrats must be united in condemning these attacks and defending U.S. personnel stationed around the world. If we fail to do so, hostile actors will continue to see our lack of unity as a free pass to increase their aggression. In light of the attacks in Cuba, I’m calling for a congressional investigation to get to the bottom of these ongoing assaults.  From @SenatorShaheen and @SenToddYoung: The United States has leverage to end the Yemeni civil war. Use it.  This short-sighted decision will accelerate the impacts of climate change, which will be disastrous for NH’s economy and environment. Instead of doing the bidding of oil and gas lobbyists, the admin should protect the American taxpayer and our public health. … The United States has leverage to help end Yemen’s civil war. @SenToddYoung and I are urging the Trump administration to use it. Our op-ed in @PostOpinions this morning:  We will #NeverForget the attack on our country on 9/11. We will never forget the lives lost, especially those from NH and the first responders who sacrificed their lives to save those in jeopardy. We will never forget coming together to declare that this can never happen again.pic.twitter.com/KUbFKQ4z0t Department of Defense transfer $10 million to ATSDR for first ever national health study on PFAS exposure created by Sen. Shaheen's legislation  … @seacoastonline There are far too many Granite Staters who have taken their own lives. On #WorldSuicidePreventionDay we remember these victims. Check up on your friends and loved ones, and if you or someone you know is struggling, call 1-800-273-8255.   North Korea has escalated its nuclear program, following an age-old pattern of deception on denuclearization. The Trump policy of appeasement is endangering our national security. Time to get tough.  Our firefighters put their lives on the line to protect us every day. Wonderful to meet with Londonderry FD to discuss a major grant that will allow them to hire additional firefighters, as well as the Firefighter Cancer Registry that became law in July.   After careful consideration of his record and reviewing the limited documents made available to the U.S. Senate, I have come to the conclusion that I cannot support Judge Kavanaugh’s #SCOTUS nomination.  … Today, hundreds of children are still alone, frightened, separated from their parents, and suffering unimaginable psychological damage. Instead of searching for leakers and op-ed writers, the admin should be searching for the parents of hundreds of children they have imprisoned. Great to have @SenatorShaheen visiting @LondonderryFD today to announce a $700k @fema grant for the purpose of hiring additional personnel for our growing community!pic.twitter.com/m0vLBQgGQG .@SenatorShaheen, outside Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, discusses President Trump’s proposed pay freeze for federal civilian workers. She came out strongly against it last week. @seacoastonlinepic.twitter.com/bz9FU5Qa3I By creating jobs, saving businesses and consumers on energy costs, and decreasing pollution, energy efficiency is strengthening our economy. We need to continue to invest in this sector and help create a more sustainable future for NH.  President Assad and Russia are exploiting the fact that the U.S. doesn’t have a strategy in Syria. That needs to change immediately. It’s time for Congress to pass the Syria Study Group.  John McCain was an American hero and a giant in the Senate. We are working across the aisle to honor his legacy, and the new NATO headquarters should carry his name.  Very relieved for NH’s Indonesian community. I'll do everything I can to ensure these families have permanent asylum. The Seacoast has been a safe haven — deporting them to a place where they could be persecuted is not consistent with American values. … We need Kavanaugh’s complete White House records. We owe it to the American people to evaluate Supreme Court nominees in a fair process. I’m urging the WH to make his full record available immediately.pic.twitter.com/5r7hxRPxAI Great to join @JoeLieberman to discuss foreign policy challenges facing our nation @TheStudyOfWar. The Senate must continue to work across the aisle to bolster national security. #ISWsc18pic.twitter.com/3tjzW2uXwH Opioids have devastated NH. That’s why turning the tide of this crisis is my top priority. During #NationalRecoveryMonth we recognize the local orgs on the front lines helping those struggling w/ substance use disorder. Thank you to our community partners.   Agree with Mark Vigliotta, Pres. of Metal Trades Council: "… [the pay freeze] definitely puts a sour mood on everybody’s plate. (Trump) gave a big tax break to the big corporations, but then wants the federal workers to try and make up the difference.”  These guardsmen and their families deserve answers on precisely what factors have contributed to these cancers on the Seacoast. There are too many heartbreaking stories like Michael’s.  By fast tracking this nomination, Republicans are preventing the Senate from performing its constitutional duty to advise and consent. The Trump administration is withholding 100,000 documents necessary to review the President’s nomination of Judge Kavanaugh. This is not normal. The Senate & the American people need to be informed of Kavanaugh’s record.  Congressmen, like the President, are not above the law … On #LaborDay we celebrate the success of the labor movement & honor union members who took a stand for workers. The labor movement changed the course of American history. However, our work isn’t done. We will create a stronger economy together by rebuilding a secure middle class.pic.twitter.com/wc0QMqH92H On International Overdose Awareness Day, we remember all those lost to the devastating opioid epidemic. As many continue to struggle with substance use disorders, we must continue to make every effort to end this crisis. Inspiring to see SSG Kelly lead from the front as the first enlisted woman to graduate @USArmy Ranger School. She’s one of many women fighting to break through the “brass ceiling” & prove that women are equally capable to fill combat roles as men.  This new pay freeze is a major blow to civilian workers at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard & Pease Air National Guard base. Disingenuous for @realDonaldTrump to ask workers to pay for ballooning deficits that are largely the result of recent GOP tax cuts for the wealthy. … .@seacoastonline is absolutely right: Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is vital to NH. In the Senate I continue to work to expand the Shipyard’s capacity and role, and protect workers from unfair policies.  Betsy DeVos’s proposal to arm teachers is so wrongheaded. It’s the opposite of a sensible approach to keep our children safe. I’m urging her to reverse course and work with us on real policy to protect our schools.  These tariffs have driven up costs significantly for local newspapers, threatening journalism that is vital for our communities & democracy. Pleased to see ITC reverse this misguided decision. I’ll keep urging @POTUS to end his reckless trade war before more businesses are hurt. … Unbelievable. Sec. DeVos should be protecting survivors of sexual assault, not making it harder for them to get justice. … Americans need quality health care, not junk plans that would lead to higher premiums and threaten coverage for millions with pre-existing conditions. I’m joining @SenatorBaldwin in introducing legislation to overturn the admin’s efforts to sabotage our health care system. Congratulations to former Manchester Police Chief Nick Willard on being confirmed to serve as U.S. Marshal for NH. I was proud to support his nomination and I look forward to working with him on public safety issues affecting our state. North Korea has once again fallen back on a predictable pattern of behavior. The U.S. clearly cannot expect cooperation in good faith and must not continue to make concessions without significant and meaningful progress towards denuclearization in return.pic.twitter.com/ZsKm9YTqee Senator John McCain was an American hero.pic.twitter.com/SsfZ3TchIe Thank you, @StephenCurry30 for this important message from a father on behalf of your daughters & teaching your son the importance of fighting beside women. "...to be a true supporter of women’s equality – it’s not enough anymore to be learning about it. You have to be doing it.” … Cancer clusters in NH are deeply concerning. David and Gary’s stories are heartbreaking, and underscore the acute need for all NH families to get answers about the potential health implications from PFAS exposure.  Grateful for @ACLU & other orgs working to reunite separated families. Unbelievable that the Trump admin has tried to push the work of family reunification onto the ACLU. This was the Trump admin’s abhorrent, immoral policy and they created this crisis.  An incredible moment in Wolfeboro showing exactly who Senator John McCain was: an American hero dedicated to our country, our service members, and those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. Thank you, John.pic.twitter.com/yxdJ2fQooB I’m demanding action from the VA following a report that it denied 1,300 claims of PTSD for survivors of military sexual trauma. This is a life-altering traumatic experience that often dramatically impacts the physical and mental health of service members.  Renaming the Russell Senate building after John McCain would be a very fitting tribute to this extraordinary statesman.  Senator McCain was a titan in the Senate who understood the indispensable role this institution plays in leading the nation. He believed in spirited and principled debates, and the importance of putting country ahead of party. One significant reason the @USArmy is the most lethal fighting force in the world is because we recruit the best talent regardless of gender. Women have served with distinction since 1775 and serve worldwide today. They are invaluable members of our team. #WomensEqualityDaypic.twitter.com/NpE9FJ3tca In New Hampshire, his ‘second favorite state,’ John will always be remembered and beloved. Billy and I join with all Granite Staters in keeping the McCain family in our thoughts and prayers. A titan in the Senate, John never shied away from a tough debate and always stuck to his principles. He was a patriot in the best sense of the word, whose contributions as a naval officer and public servant made us a better country and people. I’m heartbroken by the passing of my friend and colleague, Senator John McCain. Today, our country lost a great American hero. John faced his battle with cancer the same way he faced all challenges in his life – with profound strength and determination. Powerful morning greeting participants in the Solidarity Walk for Immigrant Justice in Epping. I thanked them for their advocacy, including for members of NH’s Indonesian community who are being threatened with deportation. We must live up to our values as a nation of immigrants.pic.twitter.com/AQwJVJRkmy We still don’t know what Trump promised Putin in Helsinki. @SenatorMenendez & I are demanding @SecPompeo make the cables, memos, and interpreter notes available to the Senate for confidential review. We need to know what Trump agreed to on our behalf.pic.twitter.com/qY01f47k7M What did President Trump discuss with Putin in Helsinki?  @SenatorMenendez and @SenatorShaheen are asking @SecPompeo for access to interpreter’s notes and other documents to find out.pic.twitter.com/g2lUuVh8ng You are all in my thoughts and prayers. … In June I questioned Betsy DeVos on the high rate of school shootings in the U.S. She refused to discuss the role that guns play in school violence. Now she’s proposing MORE guns in schools paid for by U.S. taxpayers. Insanity. Our students and teachers deserve safe schools.pic.twitter.com/aZeQgZqpvd This was an outrageous attack on women and that’s why I stood with the bipartisan majority and defeated it. We are not going back to the days when men made women’s healthcare decisions for them. In NH, & across the US, Planned Parenthood plays a critical role in women’s health. … An evasive and cynical response from Director Mulvaney. Our troops deserve answers, not excuses. … Mindboggling. Sec. DeVos won’t direct DOE to study the role lax gun laws play in school shootings but wants to misuse taxpayer dollars, intended to help low income schools, to instead arm teachers. Schools should be gun free zones. This proposal should be stopped in its tracks. … Kavanaugh has been nominated for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court and would rule on any such case pertaining to the President. The Senate needs to fulfill its constitutional responsibilities and fully vet this nomination. To that end, the Senate should be provided all necessary records related to Kavanaugh’s nomination, particularly those that indicate his views on executive power. In light of yesterday’s events, the Senate should delay hearings on Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. There must be checks and balances on this President. This IG report documents complete systemic failure by the VA for many victims of sexual abuse. I will be writing to the VA to account for how these victims were denied the care they desperately needed & demand that reforms be made.  Unconscionable. The administration is knowingly pursuing a policy that puts the wellbeing of the fossil fuel industry over American lives.  This is a capitulation policy. This is exactly what President Putin wants. What in the world could Russia possibly offer that is worth the United States selling out democracies like this?  Rather than picking winners and losers, they need to end the trade war now. Businesses across NH are hurting just like this one in SC. They need relief from these terrible trade policies too. It’s shameful that members of this admin are lobbying for home-state exemptions to the trade war that they created.   My heart breaks for the family of Cpl. Jonathan Currier. I’m grateful for his service to our nation and extend my deepest condolences.  The GOP Congress cut taxes for the wealthy, busted a hole in the deficit & now wants to plug that hole by raiding Medicare and Social Security. Over my dead body. Asking seniors to pay more so billionaires can pay less is shameful. We need a new Congress.  Gene Connolly committed his life to educating & inspiring the next generation. He was also a tireless advocate for ALS patients & research. His memory and legacy will live on in all the lives he touched. My condolences to his family, friends, and students.  It was unfair that struggling fishermen were forced to pay for at sea monitors. This policy would have devastated NH's commercial fishing industry. Pleased to see funds released & will continue to fight so fishermen do not have these costs in the future.  The Trump administration should not be abandoning its duty to protect our servicemembers and their families. I am joining @SenJackReed in urging the administration to maintain protections for U.S. troops from predatory lending & financial fraud. … Turkey is an important NATO ally but isn’t acting like one. I joined @SenatorLankford on @Morning_Joe to discuss our bipartisan call for Turkey to release detained Americans and help get our relationship back on track.pic.twitter.com/dEHRWlXmC1 President Trump is punishing his detractors. It’s undemocratic and it’s un-American.pic.twitter.com/t7Qj7BHFc4 Aretha Franklin will be profoundly missed. Her music is exceptionally powerful and resonates with Americans of every generation. She was an unflinching advocate for civil rights and women, and her legacy will live on in her music forever.pic.twitter.com/RzDRz4Yafq Joining @Morning_Joe to discuss Turkey and my bipartisan efforts to free Pastor Brunson with @SenatorLankford. Tune in! 700,000 DREAMers were brought here by their parents, have been protected through #DACA & contributed to America. The admin decision to end DACA is a moral outrage - this is their home. GOP leaders in Congress need to finally start negotiations to give them a path to citizenship. Let's be clear: the President is punishing his detractors for exercising their First Amendment rights. This is a dangerous abuse of power that's undemocratic and un-American. We need more Republicans to be outspoken regarding Donald Trump's denigration of the Presidency. … This new data further underscores the importance of a robust federal response that can meet the challenge of the opioid epidemic. Every overdose is a tragedy and every community in NH has been impacted.  This available funding is a significant down payment on improving treatment access in NH & was the product of bipartisan, good-faith negotiations in Congress. Working across the aisle to secure additional opioid response resources remains one of my top priorities in the Senate. … NH’s commercial fishing industry is operating on razor thin margins & needs relief from at-sea monitoring costs. Negotiating federal funding to cover them was a top priority. I’m pleased to see the funds released & I’ll keep fighting for local fishermen. … Pleased to announce that repeal is now the law.  The DOD’s per diem policy unfairly impacts Portsmouth Naval Shipyard workers. I fought for its full repeal so shipyard workers in Portsmouth & across the country are no longer burdened with high out-of-pocket costs when they work at other shipyards. Defense Authorization Act for 2019 includes another $10 million secured by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen for the first-ever study on the health effects faced by people exposed to PFAS chemicals. … NH families deserve answers on the potential health effects of consuming PFAS-contaminated water. That’s why I fought for an additional $10M to support the 2nd year of the PFAS health impact study & am pleased the authorization of these funds was signed into law yesterday. … Pleased to see the defense bill signed into law. This law will grow NH’s role in support of our national defense & address concerns including funding research of PFAS contamination & reversing an unfair policy impacting Portsmouth Naval shipyard workers.   Great morning breaking ground on the new Revision Advanced Warfighter Equipment Development Center at Pease. This center will bring new jobs and opportunities while continuing NH’s legacy of contributing to our national defense.  Groundbreaking at Revision Military’s Advanced Warfighter Equipment Development Center in #Portsmouth. The new facility is expected to employ between 50 and 75 people and can expand.pic.twitter.com/JdS8UvIhwN The Trump admin must withdraw this immoral proposal IMMEDIATELY. They should be enforcing—not tearing down—protections for servicemembers & their families from financial fraud & predatory lending. These families defend the U.S. We need to have their backs!  I agree. Ending this crisis is in Erdogan’s hands. … This is horrific. The US has high expectations of our allies -- the murder of children is indefensible. My bipartisan legislation to influence Saudi-led operations & protect innocent civilians will soon become law & I’ll keep fighting for efforts to alleviate the crisis in Yemen. … Entrusting the health and wellbeing of millions of veterans to a secret group of the President’s country club friends is reckless & completely unacceptable. There needs to be accountability & transparency in this administration, especially when it comes to veterans’ health care. … A great discussion at my town hall in Plymouth—so many important and insightful questions. Thank you to all who attended and drove from far and wide. And a big thank you to @PlymouthState for hosting.pic.twitter.com/Saqwd8fxPn Great turnout at my town hall in Plymouth. Thank you @PlymouthState for hosting!pic.twitter.com/l4UMcF6HdX Congrats to Roy Moffitt, who teaches science at Maple Street Elementary in Hopkinton & was selected to participate in @NOAA’s Teacher at Sea program this month. Roy will work beside scientists in the Arctic Ocean. Looking forward to following along!  Great to catch up with local leadership in Berlin on economic development issues and projects in the area. Looking forward to our continued work together to bring good-paying jobs to the region.pic.twitter.com/JIhfSaGCyF What a touching tribute to Christa McAuliffe. This is a wonderful way to carry on her legacy and inspire children of today and tomorrow to see the excitement and opportunity that comes w/ STEM education & programs. … Hearing about the incredibly important care being provided by Coos County Family Health to help mothers and their children impacted by the opioid epidemic. These staff members are on the frontlines and need continued resources.pic.twitter.com/fEXeWmCQS7 U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen met with patients and staffers at Lamprey Health Care in Newmarket to discuss pre-existing medical conditions under the Affordable Care Act. … Today I spoke with providers and patients at Lamprey Health Care about providing affordable health care for all Granite Staters. The admin must stop its sabotage of the ACA and come to the table to work with Congress to stabilize the marketplace and lower costs for NH families.pic.twitter.com/9aKQXrxGIE This sends a strong message of unity against the Kremlin.  I’m introducing a new sanctions bill with @LindseyGrahamSC, @SenJohnMcCain, @SenatorMenendez, @SenCoryGardner, & @SenatorCardin in response to Russia's continued interference in our elections & international aggression. Very disappointed. These women’s rights activists should not be imprisoned in Saudi Arabia and neither should their family members.  Topline summary of the new @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCardin @SenCoryGardner @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorShaheen Russia sanctions package released today:pic.twitter.com/YWD8FetyxN NH’s pediatric cancer rate is alarming and we need to understand underlying factors so we can protect our kids. Pleased that the Senate passed my amendment to bolster research on pediatric cancer & conduct public outreach so we can get NH families answers.  It was great having breakfast and talking @USArmy Readiness with @SenatorShaheen. Thanks for all you do to support our Soldiers!pic.twitter.com/Ag0Ygg0uoR My friend Rep. Bob Walsh Jr. was a dedicated public servant. He leaves behind a legacy of advocacy for Manchester and for families across NH. My condolences to his family, friends, and community. He will be missed. A Trump admin official described child detention centers today as “more like summer camps.” This is deeply disingenuous. Splitting families indefinitely has traumatized kids. Hundreds of families remain separated. We need accountability for this heinous policy not deceptive spin. … More tax breaks for the wealthy is the epitome of misplaced priorities. We shouldn’t be asking the middle class and small businesses to pick up the tab. Worse yet, the Trump admin wants to sneak this through without Congress approving it. The last thing the wealthy need is another tax break, especially after getting a windfall in the Republican tax bill that’s contributing to trillion-dollar deficits. You just can’t make this up: Wages for the middle class have gone down this year, yet the Trump admin is planning another enormous tax break for Wall Street and the very wealthiest Americans.  America’s diplomatic capabilities must be prioritized as crises around the world continue to emerge. That’s why I introduced legislation that would strengthen our diplomatic corps to advance U.S. interests & promote peaceful resolutions on foreign policy challenges.pic.twitter.com/PibKqAHHA4 Pease’s efforts to respond to PFAS-contamination should serve as a model for other communities similarly impacted. I appreciated touring the water plant & I will keep working across the aisle to prioritize research on the potential health effects of emerging contaminant exposure. … For 53 years, #Medicaid has helped Americans from every walk of life access necessary health care. In NH, Medicaid expansion has been instrumental in our efforts to turn the tide of the opioid epidemic. I’ll keep fighting to preserve this coverage. #Medicaid53 Ken was a champion for economic & social justice throughout NH. I’m grateful to have known him & for the opportunity to work w/ him and ensure working families always have a seat at the table. My condolences to his family, friends & labor community. He will be missed. … Joining @margbrennan on @FaceTheNation. Tune in! WATCH: "It would be, I believe, a real terrible reversal of policy for us to leave those folks after what we have done and to turn them over to the Russian or to Assad's forces"  TOMORROW: @margbrennan questions @SenatorShaheen on @FaceTheNation  pic.twitter.com/BNGSlT6ddw SUNDAY: we'll hear from @SenatorShaheen on @FaceTheNation  pic.twitter.com/Pq445kUKN3 Failing to meet this deadline is shameful. More than 700 children remain separated from their parents & 450+ parents have reportedly been deported without their children. The admin must expedite efforts to reunite families. There must be accountability.  Appreciated the tour of the new water treatment plant at Pease today. NH families deserve safe drinking water & need answers on potential health effects from PFAS exposure. I’ll keep prioritizing research on emerging contaminants & funding to push the health-impact study forward.pic.twitter.com/eFp5zo6znb .@WMUR9 On April 13, 2018 Construction was completed on Site 8 a PFAS ( polyfluoroalkyl substances ) Mitigation site. Today @SenatorShaheen toured the facility and saw first hand how it works. The site helps extract the #pfas molecules from ground water #EPApic.twitter.com/5xGsqVeyW6 Small businesses in NH and across the country are suffering because of this trade war. Disappointed that the Trump administration is not making them a priority.pic.twitter.com/qgBQx3NtG1 This morning @USTradeRep told me there is no aid planned for small businesses harmed by the administration’s trade war. It is harming NH businesses and jobs and needs to end now.  This is a step in the right direction. However, Turkey still needs to allow Pastor Brunson to safely return to the U.S.  My #Yemen provision with @SenatorShaheen was successfully included in the #NDAA Conference Report: … Today I questioned @SecPompeo on why the Trump admin continues to leave Congress and the American people in the dark regarding the President’s private meeting with Vladimir Putin.pic.twitter.com/M0hMG2MpHM Absolutely right. The importance of trade with Canada and Mexico for NH can’t be overstated. That’s why I am so concerned about the President’s trade war. More in the @UnionLeader:   .@SenatorShaheen: "I am concerned, Mr. Secretary, because it's been a little over a week since the Helsinki summit between President Trump and Vladimir Putin and yet other than the brief description you just gave us, we don't really know what was discussed in that meeting."pic.twitter.com/uaL77L593a Today on #outnumberedot.  Lawmakers expected to question Secretary Pompeo about the President's Russia and North Korea summits.  We'll talk to both sides with @SenatorShaheen and @SenJohnBarrasso at 1pm.  Join @HARRISFAULKNER on #OT!pic.twitter.com/0LR8RIo8Yp I’ll continue to work to reunite children with their parents, and hold the Trump administration accountable for this abhorrent policy. And I’ll do all that I can to help Jessica and Mario stay in the U.S. so that they can be with their family in New England. This was an unimaginable nightmare for the Garcia family but their strength and steadfast love for one another has been inspiring throughout this ordeal. No family should have to go through what they just experienced. Jessica and Jafet were separated by President Trump’s inhumane policy of taking children from their parents at the border. I’m so relieved that Jessica has finally been reunited with her son Jafet.   The provision I authored with @SenatorShaheen to delay delivery of F-35s to Turkey was included in the final NDAA. The U.S. expects Turkey to uphold its obligations as a NATO ally, including respecting the due process rights of American citizens. … The President’s irresponsible trade war is hurting businesses and families across America. I joined @Morning_Joe to discuss the harm we’re seeing in New Hampshire.pic.twitter.com/7Hb12ObD0H No parent should have this fear. It is a moral failure that the Trump administration refuses to defend the healthcare of millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. @SenatorHassan and I will continue to fight to protect NH families.  NOW on @ConMonitorNews Deodonne Bhattarai, mom of a 4-year old Concord boy who suffers from a rare neuromuscular disease, says "I fear for my son" as she joins @SenatorShaheen @SenatorHassan to target @realDonaldTrump push to weaken #Obamacare  … #NHpoliticspic.twitter.com/gC6P88KfpH Paula is absolutely right. Why New Hampshire? @HHSGov must look into the underlying factors in order protect NH’s children.  Granite Staters are paying too much out-of-pocket for healthcare. But, the Trump admin is intentionally causing chaos in the market, and refusing to defend protections for pre-existing conditions. @POTUS must stop playing politics with New Hampshire’s health and wellbeing.pic.twitter.com/C9rBDTaonn President Trump has said that trade wars are good and easy to win. That’s wrong. His misguided tariff polices are harming NH’s local jobs & businesses. @MoonlightMead has already lost a big contract & has had to lay off staff. More here:   President Trump’s reckless trade war has forced @MoonlightMead to lay off workers. These anti-trade policies are already hurting NH businesses and threatening our economy. I’ll continue working across the aisle to advance bipartisan legislation to stop this misguided trade war.pic.twitter.com/4zdS4PDAwV When women have the resources they need, they not only support themselves and their families, but their communities as well. I’m introducing bipartisan legislation with @JohnBoozman, @MarcoRubio & @SenatorCardin to empower women-led enterprises & spur progress around the world. Excited to see the Loudon Race kick off— wishing everyone a safe and fun weekend! … I strongly believe that we are stronger with our allies. Great conversation at @CSIS with @SenThomTillis on our efforts to push critical diplomatic priorities as co-chairs of the Senate NATO Observer grouppic.twitter.com/lkW5T0NGjX Alarming to learn that NH had the highest pediatric cancer rate in the country between 2003-2014. I’m pushing the Trump admin to examine underlying factors so we can protect New Hampshire families.  I question this approach, given the decision by a Turkish court to keep Pastor Brunson in prison. … Wow. Inspiring to see these women standing strong, together. A heartbreaking reminder of the scale of Larry Nassar’s abuse. We can never let this happen again – to our athletes, or anyone. … The only information we have on President Trump’s meeting with Putin is coming from the Kremlin. That’s not good enough for the American people and Congress. I joined @PoppyHarlowCNN to discuss my call for a hearing with the interpreter present this morning on @CNN.pic.twitter.com/vfKOurkazd This is appalling. What is the point of bringing babies to court? It’s government sanctioned child abuse and it must stop. #FamiliesBelongTogether … "Congress needs to understand what happened at that meeting" - @SenatorShaheen on why she's leading the push to interview Trump-Putin interpreterpic.twitter.com/60NILRBRiV .@SenatorShaheen: "The Russians seem to know what was said and what was agreed to. I think it's important for Congress to know that as well."pic.twitter.com/5g3LxgNLbv .@PressSec Here’s a better answer: NO! We don’t take prosecutorial advice from a dictator who brutally murders his own people. @POTUS & his admin have a duty to protect former ambassadors. McFaul & Browder are being targeted for confronting Putin, something @POTUS should do. … Countless intel briefs say the same thing: the Russians have in the past and continue to target elections.  President Trump is either not reading his intel briefings or willfully disregarding the information in them.  The Kremlin is touting an agreement reached privately between President Trump & Putin. Yet Congress, the American public & most of the admin still have no details. Congress needs to hear from the interpreter who was present to determine what @POTUS agreed to on our behalf. … It’s unacceptable for ICE to remove clergy members from a federal public building without explanation or justification, and to interfere with pastoral support. I’ll keep demanding answers for our community members.   Democrats call on President Trump's interpreter from his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin to testify before Congress  pic.twitter.com/wkBFdVChWr As Governor, I worked to establish the NH State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen to honor those who have served our country, and I am inspired every time I visit. Pleased to announce a $2.5M grant to fund its expansion, ensuring that service members will continue to be honored.pic.twitter.com/3ozInpewmr I’m calling for a hearing with the U.S. interpreter who was present during President Trump’s meeting with Putin to uncover what they discussed privately. This interpreter can help determine what @POTUS shared/promised Putin on our behalf. In a few minutes, I’ll discuss President Trump’s disgraceful actions in Helsinki. We’re not going to let Putin unravel the international order that WE built. #TuneIn   NH had the highest pediatric cancer rate in the country between 2003-2014, per CDC. I’m urging the Trump admin to prioritize pediatric cancer research & examine the factors leading to the high pediatric cancer rate in NH.pic.twitter.com/VEafSjLbvX I see it! Love this. … President Trump is willfully ceding global leadership & stature to a brutal dictator whose intent is to unravel the international order that has been instrumental to maintaining prosperity & peace throughout the democratic world. It’s absolutely shameful that @POTUS cannot bring himself to confront Putin’s attacks against the U.S. & our democracy. Instead, he chose to vilify our intelligence community charged with protecting us against the very adversary responsible for interference in our elections. The DOJ indictment of 12 Russian intel officials reaffirms the assessment of our intel agencies that Russia interfered in our elections. At his summit w/ Putin, President Trump must confront him regarding evidence of Russian interference. My statement:  … .@GovChrisSununu just sent an unmistakable message to young people in NH that, rather than listening & responding to their concerns, they should be hindered from democratic participation. The Governor should have kept his word. My statement:  … #nhpolitics Granite Staters impacted by PFAS contaminants deserve answers. That’s why @SenatorHassan & I are urging Acting EPA Admin Wheeler to take the appropriate steps to understand & immediately address the water contamination affecting our state & families.  It was my honor to recognize Captain Martin Gelb of Derry with the Congressional Gold Medal for his heroic service behind enemy lines during World War II. He is truly a hero among us.pic.twitter.com/2OA3ksmSh1 Unfortunately, this legislation threatens to dissuade and intimidate Granite Staters from voting and risks tarnishing our state’s revered reputation. I hope the Governor will keep his promise to veto this bill. I’m very disappointed that the New Hampshire Supreme Court made this ruling. New Hampshire, home of the first-in-the-nation primary, is a model for political and civic engagement.  Today, I joined my co-chair of the Senate NATO Observer Group @SenatorShaheen at the #NATOSummit in Brussels and participated in a panel discussion focusing on the importance of the United States’ role in NATO. … I’m pleased to see the Dept. of Labor award NH $5M to help Granite State workers affected by the opioid epidemic get their lives back on track through training & access to treatment. This crisis affects our public health & economy, and this grant will deliver much needed support. The civil war in Yemen is the world’s worst humanitarian crisis & I’m urging Congress to act to help end it. This week I sponsored a photo exhibit w/ the Yemen Cultural Institute for Heritage & the Arts that is on display now in the U.S. Capitol to raise awareness of this tragedypic.twitter.com/Rm1n2052xq There are many areas of need in NH to battle the opioid epidemic. I encourage all Granite Staters to weigh in on how to best use new federal funds set aside for NH. This $23M to address the substance misuse epidemic is long overdue & will help save lives.   Senator Jeanne Shaheen says she was “disappointed” in the President’s comments on NATO: We want to “remind our NATO allies that we in the Senate, and we in Congress, recognize the importance of the alliance.”   pic.twitter.com/WUaJrEnngu Only 4 kids under 5 years old have been united w/ their parents-- that is just completely unacceptable! The Trump admin separated these families w/ no procedures in place for reunification. There must be accountability for admin officials responsible.  Navigators help Americans find the right health care plan & sign up for coverage. By slashing funding for Navigators the Trump admin is trying to keep Americans in the dark about their health care options & prevent access to affordable coverage. This is disgraceful & indefensible Wonderful! The whole world is celebrating this rescue. Thank you to the brave men and women from around the world who made this possible. … My statement on President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the Supreme Court.pic.twitter.com/FsUpdpm9mr It’s unconscionable that this inhumane policy was carried out. The Trump admin created this crisis & must fix it immediately. Another day is too long for these kids to be separated from their parents. … This is alarming. This latest effort to sabotage the ACA could spike premiums for millions of Americans. The admin must immediately provide a plan to renew risk adjustment payments in the near term, or they will create even more uncertainty in the market. … Appreciate the opportunity to share my story w/ @bustle about the impact that Navy Cmdr. Emily Bassett & Gen. Lori Robinson have had on me & how they’re showing an entire generation of girls how to “lead from the front.”  I voted against Scott Pruitt for putting corporate interests ahead of public health, & he ignored our environmental safety throughout his tenure while abusing taxpayer dollars & breaking the law. I look forward to working with the next Administrator to protect NH. I urge President Trump to immediately release the frozen funds for Syria or risk unwinding the stability achieved. I traveled to Syria to meet and thank our troops & assess the security situation in and around Manbij. I was impressed with what I saw. Yet, even with progress made, military support can only go so far without humanitarian assistance and a strategy.pic.twitter.com/M4C4ch42JO Grateful for the opportunity to join over one hundred new American citizens during the US naturalization ceremony at Strawbery Banke. Immigrants have, and will continue to make our country stronger.pic.twitter.com/5qCpbqOyHe Today in Portsmouth, 102 immigrants  from 48 different countries will officially become United States citizens. Below, @SenatorShaheen greets one of them. @seacoastonlinepic.twitter.com/yunkUDvPNa On this beautiful NH morning, I’m grateful to celebrate #IndependenceDay with my family. Thank you to the generations of service members who secured & have continuously defended our freedom.  Yesterday I was in Baghdad— Grateful for the opportunity to meet & thank our troops in person, as well as coalition partners for their service and immense progress made on security post-ISIS. It wasn’t long ago that ISIS was approaching Baghdad city limits.pic.twitter.com/PwvG9kTQfN SCOTUS’ ruling to impose a mandatory internet sales tax collection requirement could unleash a tsunami of red tape on NH small businesses. This ruling is wrong, but the fight isn’t over. I’ll keep working to protect NH businesses impacted by this decision.   Concerned by the latest departure of one of our most experienced diplomats. Thank you, Ambassador Melville, for 3 decades of service to the US & for your tireless efforts to preserve diplomacy & promote democratic values abroad. You will be greatly missed.  Appreciate the opportunity to raise this concern w/ President Erdogan & will keep working to better US-Turkey relations & secure the freedom of Brunson and all detained Americans and embassy employees. Pastor Andrew Brunson has been unjustly imprisoned & kept away from family for over 1 year. Today I met w/ him and his wife & yesterday appealed directly to President Erdogan for his release. I’m in Turkey to help build a constructive dialogue with President Erdogan on the cases of Americans wrongfully arrested and other issues of mutual concern. President Erdogan was receptive to my and @LindseyGrahamSC’s concerns. NH families should never have to worry about the safety of their drinking water. I’ll keep fighting for more research on PFAS contamination & will keep pushing @EPA to act and heed our community’s recommendations to get our residents the answers they need. … Pleased to see the Senate Farm bill that passed w/ bipartisan support maintains crucial funding for SNAP, keeping more than 90,000 Granite Staters from going hungry. I fought efforts to restrict access to these benefits & will continue to oppose actions that threaten NH families. Proud to see Granite Staters at ArgenTech Solutions honored with the 2018 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. Well deserved recognition of your support of employees in the National Guard & Reserve, & your contributions to our national defense. Incredibly, the Capital Gazette is still planning on publishing a paper tomorrow which is a profound demonstration of dedication to journalism & the local community. I can’t imagine how hard this must be after being terrorized by a mass shooter. My heart goes out to the Capital Gazette & the families of the victims. Gun violence cannot become normalized & we must continue to call for commonsense legislation. Very pleased to see Chief Willard approved by the Judiciary Committee with unanimous bipartisan support to serve as U.S. Marshal for NH. Looking forward to his confirmation in the full Senate so he can begin work on issues critical to NH’s safety & security. The callousness of the separation policy is just unconscionable. Every last child must be reunited with their parents w/o delay. Nothing less is acceptable. The Trump admin must answer for why they separated children from their parents with no plan in place to reunite them. Are we to conclude that there was no intention to reunite these families? This is a moral outrage. Thousands of children are still separated from their parents.  The Trump Admin must immediately reunite all of these families.pic.twitter.com/N6FwGNMGFO Thank you, Lt. Nicole Ledoux of the Manchester PD & Lara Quiroga from the Manchester Community Health Center for speaking with @SenateDems this morning about NH’s ongoing efforts to combat the opioid crisis. Together we will turn the tide of this epidemic. This ruling is absolutely right. The Trump admin created this crisis and they need to fix it immediately! These children are suffering trauma with each passing day and desperately need to be reunited with their parents.  My statement on the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy:pic.twitter.com/wOV08DHrHE Organized labor & NH’s working men & women are the core of our state’s economy. NH rejected Right to Work because it’s wrong for our state. Today’s #SCOTUS #Janus ruling hurts workers in NH & across the country. Allowing these centers to misrepresent women’s #reprohealth options is dangerous & prevents women from making informed decisions about their health care.  Very concerned by #SCOTUS ruling to allow facilities to disguise themselves as health centers so they can impose an anti-choice agenda & withhold critical health information from women about their #reprohealth options. Celebrating #PrideMonth by remembering the momentous celebration when marriage equality became the law of the land. There is still so much to do, however, & I will keep pushing Congress to pass the Equality Act to protect our LGBTQ community. #EqualityForward  There are no winners in trade wars, Mr. President. There are only losers and it will only get worse from here. Granite State businesses are already feeling the impact. It’s time to de-escalate this trade war now. … NH’s seasonal economy depends on temporary workers. NH business owners have reached out to me because the Trump admin’s H-2B visa cap is preventing them from hiring the workers they need. Peak season is upon us & this unnecessary policy is hurting NH.  The SCOTUS ruling on President Trump’s travel ban that targets muslim-majority nations allows a policy that is antithetical to American values & tramples on our founding principle of religious freedom enshrined in the First Amendment. My statement:pic.twitter.com/yeT3ihsl74 Donald was such a gift to his fellow Granite Staters, and to people across the world. He will be greatly missed, and his words will live on forever.   This morning I had the honor of presenting Captain Martin Gelb with the Congressional Gold Medal for his service to our country during WWII. As part of OSS, the precursor to the CIA, Martin had to keep much of his heroic service a secret until recently. He is a hero among us.pic.twitter.com/xA65hvrovq This public meeting at Exeter High School with EPA officials is a great opportunity for Granite Staters to have their voices heard. I encourage anyone impacted by PFAS water contamination to consider attending.  Sen. Jeanne Shaheen presents Congressional Gold Medal to former Captain Martin Gelb for his service in WW2. Gelb served in the OSS. @WMUR9 via @RayBrewerWMURpic.twitter.com/rSqy92oiLO Heartbreaking to learn Skylar’s story. Such a beautiful girl, and gone far too soon. If you are a victim of bullying or see bullying, please speak up. If you are struggling or know someone who is struggling, please call the Suicide Lifeline: 800-273-8255.   If Secretary Nielsen can't produce a plan to reunite every child with his or her parents, she should resign. My statement:pic.twitter.com/UwobKH3my1 Wrong, Mr. President. This internet sales tax will be devastating for New Hampshire small businesses. … Congratulations to L3 Technologies! This contract award allows L3 to continue NH’s legacy of contributing to our national defense, and hire hundreds more workers in Londonderry. Well deserved.   Glad the admin finally heeded our bipartisan call in Congress & released studies on potential health effects from PFAS exposure. NH families need answers & I’m going to keep fighting for them.   Happy Birthday, New Hampshire! 230 years after joining the union and you’re still as beautiful as ever.pic.twitter.com/OeROxqiPeE This decision creates mountains of red tape for small businesses in NH and across the country, hurting their ability to grow and create jobs by selling on the internet. This is a disastrous decision for NH's economy & does not take into account the day to day challenges of running a small business. NH small businesses do not have the time or resources to become tax collectors for other states.  This is just unconscionable. At any time, President Trump can reverse HIS policy and he must do so now! President Trump’s executive order provides no resolution to the family separation crisis. Children will still be held in detention facilities. Thousands of children are still in cages & will be for foreseeable future since Trump admin has no plans to reunite them w/ their parents Glad to see @usairforce announce 1st delivery of KC-46 aerial refueling tankers slated for 10/2018 to McConnell AFB. These aircraft are critical to future U.S. air operations. I fought for Pease to be a new home for these tankers & now we’re 1 step closer.  I’m demanding answers from the Trump administration as to why local clergy are barred from supporting NH’s Indonesian community. Clergy have been providing pastoral and interpreter services and shouldn’t be obstructed. … My statement on the executive order President Trump just signed. #KeepFamilesTogetherpic.twitter.com/VpQ8v2pOU9 Corey Lewandowski should apologize immediately. His callous disregard for the welfare of a child with disabilities is deeply disturbing. … Abolishing slavery was a watershed moment in our nation’s history. On #Juneteenth we celebrate this momentous occasion and continue working towards justice and equality. This is President Trump’s policy and he can change it at any time. The time is now. … Proud to see @DonnaSoucy’s Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights signed into law in NH. Survivors deserve a transparent process to seek justice, & this law will replicate my federal legislation on a local level to ensure our justice system prevails. This is a moral stain on our nation. … The President & his administration aren’t telling the truth: there is no law requiring family separation. I’m fighting for the #KeepFamiliesTogether bill to block this decision by the Trump administration & urging R Senators to join. This is not who we are. DHS just told Congress the stats on #FamilySeparation: 2,342 children were removed from their parents in just over a month. That’s about 70 children a day. This is abhorrent and a living nightmare for these families. “It is immoral. And it breaks my heart.” Thank you, @LauraWBush for standing up for American values & advocating to #KeepFamiliesTogether.  What a game! Incredibly proud of my grandson, Will, and his team. Can’t wait for next season!  … Happy Father’s Day, Billy! The girls and I are so lucky to have you. Hope everyone is having a wonderful day with their families today.pic.twitter.com/xBe3pdDMD3 NEW on @ConMonitorNews - Big boost for NH as @SenatorShaheen @SenatorHassan announce a 7-fold increase in federal funding for the state to battle #OpioidCrisis  - $22.9 million thru end of this fiscal year  … #NHPolitics #OpioidEpidemicpic.twitter.com/hq09QXfo9m .@SenatorHassan & I have just announced $22.9M in additional federal funding for treatment in NH to help battle the opioid epidemic. My statement and more info here:  …pic.twitter.com/foh5BSKRlZ When will enough be enough for this Administration? It’s past time for Scott Pruitt to be fired.pic.twitter.com/9yDjQt9GuC Local newspapers inform our communities & civic discourse. But import taxes on groundwood paper have costs skyrocketing, threatening papers and publishing jobs. I'm cosponsoring legislation to suspend these taxes & encouraging the admin to save these jobs.  I appreciate the VA New Hampshire Vision 2025 Task Force’s efforts and thoughtful consideration of the best path forward to ensure our veterans have the best quality care available. My statement on the Task Force’s report:pic.twitter.com/dz2cOOb7g1 Shaheen Joins Bid For Release of CDC's Withheld Chemical Study:   #nhpoliticspic.twitter.com/hRnSPUsDJW Students from Moultonborough Academy came by my office while they were in Washington for the @NationalHistory Day Contest. I loved hearing about your projects, and it was great to see you in the Capitol! #NHD2018pic.twitter.com/lIjbvQYwi9 This is not who we are. The admin’s shameful policy will send women like Blanca directly into harm’s way. I’ll keep pushing the Trump admin to reverse this heinous policy immediately. … Scott Pruitt’s unethical behavior is just staggering. Every day he remains in office the more meaningless “Draining the Swamp” becomes.  This is an important step & I'll continue to advocate for Hampton Harbor dredging until the Army Corps has restored it to being completely operational & safe. It’s urgent. Shoaling is so extreme that boats can't get through during certain hours of the day.  In 2017, Planned Parenthood facilities in NH performed more than 20,000 STD tests. The admin’s new regulations will strip them of their funding, undermining efforts to curb the STD epidemic. I’m urging them to reverse this decision now. #NoGagRule  My statement on the #TrumpKimSummit.pic.twitter.com/HmocInWkcS I’m joining @PoppyHarlowCNN to discuss the #TrumpKimSummit on @CNN shortly. #TuneIn Thrilled to see the Army Corps of Engineers include funding to move emergency dredging efforts forward for Hampton Harbor. The shoaling is extreme. This port is critical to our seacoast economy & I’ll keep pushing until the dredging is completed.pic.twitter.com/QHvUmhTcwq #NetNeutrality repeal officially begins today. NH small businesses have told me this will create uncertainty and remove protections they need to conduct business online. We passed a bipartisan resolution to #SaveTheInternet in the Senate, & it’s time the House does the same. My heart goes out to every family that has been affected by suicide. If you or someone you know needs help, please reach out. You are not alone.pic.twitter.com/t7k3VezqrA This is every parent’s worst nightmare – it’s despicable that this is U.S. policy. The Trump administration must stop separating families immediately!  Happy #Pride to our LGBTQ community in the Granite State & across the country! Love is love. pic.twitter.com/cJolYcp2x6 The Trump admin must stop separating children from their parents at the border. It’s a living nightmare. It reflects horribly on our nation & does nothing to improve border security. I’m co-sponsoring legislation to #KeepFamiliesTogether & I’ll keep fighting to end this policy. We need President Trump to begin repairing our key national security and trade relationships at the G7, not inflaming tensions with ludicrous proposals. #G7 It’s a shame the President’s decision comes without any compromise or commitment from the Kremlin to cease aggression toward the West and our allies, especially in the waning months until the mid-term elections. #G7 Advocating for Russia’s readmission is a policy of capitulation—Russia has only escalated their threats against the United States and other European nations since being expelled. #G7 THREAD: Russia was expelled from the G8 because it annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014. Its military still occupies Crimea today. #G7 Congratulations, @StefanyShaheen! Dad and I are incredibly proud of you as a daughter, a mother, and now an MBA graduate! #MIT2018pic.twitter.com/WYRbGCLsZG On #WorldOceansDay, we must work together to preserve our oceans. New Hampshire’s coastline is small but mighty, and we Granite Staters will continue to save it for future generations. Yesterday, I was on @MitchellReports w/ @SenThomTillis to discuss our effort to stall the transfer of F35’s to Turkey. Turkey claims to have purchased a Russian air defense system designed to shoot down F35 aircraft & is holding an American pastor hostage.  Here’s the joint statement on Yemen @SenatorShaheen and I put out today:pic.twitter.com/vfUZwY5iVR The Trump White House should release this report and be straightforward with the American people about the impact of a trade war  … #nhpolitics I applaud @truthinitiative, @AdCouncil & @ONDCP for their new ad campaign to educate young Americans on the dangers of opioid misuse. My statement:pic.twitter.com/0unNaYubq4 .@SenatorShaheen on the new Ambassador to Germany and her recommendation on his recall “Ambassador Grenell is doing something we don’t want them to do, getting involved in the domestic policy in the country they serve in.” TUNE IN at 12pm ET: @SenatorShaheen and I join @MSNBC's @mitchellreports to discuss our Turkey F-35 amendment and Pastor Andrew Bruson. #FreePastorBrunson New UN peace plan for Yemen should be vigorously supported by the U.S. This is a real opportunity to end the suffering of millions of innocent Yemenis.  Congress should consider revoking or rewriting USOC’s federal charter to include greater oversight & give 50% of its revenues to US athletes and teams. It’s imperative that the safety and security of Olympic athletes—now and in the future— remain the top priority.pic.twitter.com/6zKNh4O66o Popped by the #ExperienceNH event to say hi to my friend @SenatorShaheen and grab a bite of Michele’s Sweet Shoppe popcorn!pic.twitter.com/wtzrSjvjDM Very disappointed by the admin’s failure to prioritize honoring women & civil rights leaders on our currency. Delaying until 2026 & beyond is completely unacceptable. But I’m not giving up. I’ll keep pressing Pres Trump & @USTreasury until we honor them.  Great to have @SenatorHassan, @SenCoryGardner, @MargBrennan, @JRosenworcel, @EUAmbUS, & Dr. Fauci of NIH at NH Business Day to discuss federal programs, agencies, news of the day, and support for our Granite State businesses.pic.twitter.com/wWRvuMWaK8 When women are empowered to contribute, we all benefit. We’re seeing it more and more here in the Senate. And I’m proud to be part of that. Watch highlights from my first Senate floor speech here:pic.twitter.com/2wdl3NjOpj 74 years ago, thanks to the bravery of a few, the course of World War II, and world history, changed. Today we are thinking of all the soldiers who fought and died on that fateful day and those that defend our nation today. Thank you. #DDaypic.twitter.com/tWgONgkFD9 Our service members deserve the highest quality care when they get home, and I'm thrilled to see our bipartisan #VAMissionAct signed into law. This bipartisan law will help improve care for veterans in NH and across the country. Yesterday I welcomed Max the Moose and Kodak the Bear, of NH’s White Mountains, to my office for #ExperienceNewHampshire. Excited to show Washington the best NH has to offer tonight!pic.twitter.com/xQNUcDRH9b Amazing to see hundreds of Granite Staters competing in the Destination Imagination global finals. STEAM-based learning is so important for the next generation, and I'm proud to see these students representing our state! … Spotted in my Washington office: Max the Moose and Kodak the Bear, ambassadors of New Hampshire’s White Mountains, anxiously awaiting #ExperienceNewHampshire tomorrow night.pic.twitter.com/hXzhYZF663 NOW: @SenatorShaheen, testifying at a Senate hearing on Olympic athletes sex assault scandal, says it's "clear that USOC is not fulfilling its core mission to support & protect our Olympic athletes." Calls for revoking or re-writing of @USOlympic charter #NHPolitics #Olympicspic.twitter.com/xBvf0neakQ Don't be alarmed if you see a moose and a bear roaming the Senate office buildings. It's time for @SenatorShaheen 's #experiencenewhampshire event once again.pic.twitter.com/uAyGoGnaeD Since 2009 there have been 288 school shootings in the US compared with 2 each in Canada & France, 1 in Germany, 0 in Japan, Italy, or UK. I asked @BetsyDevos why we're failing & they're not. Do they arm teachers? Have fewer mentally ill individuals? Or more sensible gun laws? pic.twitter.com/TdBsz6puqp If Ambassador Grenell is unwilling to refrain from political statements, he should be recalled immediately. My statement:pic.twitter.com/ou7NZECgwA Sen Shaheen says Ambassador Grenell should be "recalled immediately" if he cant refrain from political comments:pic.twitter.com/OwNjpWR1No Sabrina Dunlap of @PPNHAF is right. The Trump admin’s gag rule is politically motivated & threatens healthcare access for thousands of Granite Staters. More in @ConMonitorNews #NoGagRule  White Mountain Attractions loaded up the truck this morning and are now headed to Washington for Experience New Hampshire! On Wednesday we’ll welcome over 40 NH businesses who will showcase their products to hundreds of leaders in DC.pic.twitter.com/V27QIfTDks Today’s SCOTUS decision, while disappointing, does not change the fact that states have the right to protect against discrimination based on sexual orientation in the marketplace. I signed those protections into law as Governor of NH in 1998. #OpenToAll #NotGoingBackward All the tweeting in the world will not change the fact that the President is not above the law. … Following @60Minutes Report, @SenatorShaheen Seeks Answers from FDA on Oversight of Gynecological Mesh Product   pic.twitter.com/XsCcmnCGKh These tariffs will also undermine our nation’s key strategic alliances. Trump admin must avoid damaging these critical trade & security relationships  … #nhpolitics Starting a trade war will hurt NH jobs and economy. Canada is NH’s largest trading partner (14% of total exports) and EU countries like Germany are big markets for NH exports. Urge the President to reconsider this reckless decision. #nhpolitics #TBT to last weekend aboard the #USSManchester. The ship is now a part of the navy fleet and set sail for San Diego on Tuesday, but it will always have a home here in New Hampshire.pic.twitter.com/ezw2P4ywhk A perfect New Hampshire day to commemorate those who made the ultimate sacrifice so that we can be free. Incredibly inspiring to be surrounded by so many veterans at the NH Memorial Day ceremony.pic.twitter.com/0v6hwM6s9C Excited to welcome Advanced Solutions Life Sciences to Manchester, where they will continue their efforts to develop and manufacture human organs as an ARMI partner. What you’re doing here offers hope for millions all over the world.pic.twitter.com/m1kcoN4iWK Freedom is not free, and throughout our history, brave Americans have died defending our independence and liberty. On #MemorialDay, and every day, we keep these patriots in our thoughts and prayers.pic.twitter.com/Cy7qhI0s8z After the commissioning, the crew worked through lunch and personally greeted the hundreds of people waiting to tour the #USSManchester. They take such pride in this ship, as do I. I’ll always be grateful for their service & continued dedication to NH.  … The #USSManchester is now part of the navy fleet, and it’s time to celebrate! So wonderful to share this experience with my family.pic.twitter.com/8RNIhJ3TtJ #USSManchester’s sponsor @SenatorShaheen gives the order to “man our ship and bring her to life!"pic.twitter.com/0VGkkm2t4a Tune in LIVE to witness the commissioning ceremony of the #USSManchester.  … Today’s the day! The official commissioning of the #USSManchester.pic.twitter.com/bc2uxRW2K7 I’ve been working with the crew of the future #USSManchester since 2011 and tomorrow is the big day: the official commissioning! Incredibly excited to attend this historic event and so grateful to our service members & community for making it so special. … Sen. Jeanne Shaheen secures another $10 million for first-ever PFAS national health study in Defense Authorization Act  … @seacoastonline Bipartisan defense bill bolsters our national security & includes critical NH priorities, relieving PNSY workers of unfair costs, securing authorization of funds for the PFAS health impact study & my legislation to establish a registry of PFAS exposure.   With the number of pregnant women struggling with opioid misuse climbing, we must provide dynamic care – both for their maternity and their substance misuse disorder. Great use of federal funding & appreciate @DarmouthHitch's effort to deliver this care.  Looking forward to being w/ the crew of the future #USSManchester (#LCS 14), ship sponsor @SenatorShaheen, & the wonderful people of New Hampshire as the Navy commissions the seventh Independence-variant #LittoralCombatShip this weekend in Portsmouth, N.H. … These are the 16 NH centers, servicing an estimated 18K Granite Staters, that are at risk of losing crucial Title X federal funding under the President’s new rule. This admin’s relentless assault on women’s health must stop.pic.twitter.com/LUvzVO00K6 An American pastor is being held hostage in Turkey. He has done nothing wrong, and this is a blatant attempt to blackmail the US. I joined @Morning_Joe with @SenatorLankford to discuss our efforts to pressure Turkish authorities to release him.pic.twitter.com/VKKddZYFN7 Climate change is real. It impacts New Hampshire every day. Ignoring the overwhelming evidence only sets us back further in addressing this serious threat.  Addressing sexual harassment policy in Congress shouldn’t be partisan, and I’m pleased that we were able to work across the aisle to get it done. I look forward to passing this legislation that I cosponsored this week.  President Trump needs to keep his hands off of women’s healthcare and let women make decisions for themselves. He is blatantly sacrificing the health and wellbeing of millions of American women just to score political points with his base.  It should be no surprise that our nation’s cyber vulnerabilities run deep but this is why we need to tackle this problem head-on. This should be a wakeup call and spur Congress to take more action to harden our federal agencies to foreign interference.  We should be thanking first responders and health care workers who are saving lives every day. And, we should come together in a bipartisan way to finally deliver the federal resources necessary to turn the tide of this epidemic. In 2016, 485 people in NH & over 63,000 nationwide died of drug overdoses. Nobody in Congress should be taking a bow.  Today my bipartisan legislation to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Yemen passed the Foreign Relations Committee. I’m urging Republican leadership to allow a vote in the full Senate. More here:   Pleased the @EPA will visit Portsmouth in June to see how PFCs have affected NH communities. NH has been on the frontlines, with emerging contaminants in our drinking water. This is a valuable opportunity for EPA to respond to concerns & incorporate suggestions into their plan. Recently caught up with students from Nashua’s @WorldAcademy_NH, who had some great questions about how we can get things done in Washington. Always a pleasure to see NH students in the Capitol!pic.twitter.com/HfTDbfTVpo It’s been a long journey for the crew of the #USSManchester. Today I was proud to join them for the ship’s arrival in Portsmouth. We’re incredibly excited for the official commissioning on Saturday – it’s been years in the making! Click here to learn more:  pic.twitter.com/1UDPIBxAM7 The Trump admin has held hearings & press conferences, released reports, & announced declarations – everything except deliver on the President’s promise to provide the treatment & emergency resources necessary to tackle this crisis. This needs to change!  Grateful to have had a few minutes to speak w/ Col. Kevin Jordan of NH Fish and Game at the NH Law Enforcement Officers Memorial ceremony yesterday as we honored the brave Granite State men and women lost in the line of duty.pic.twitter.com/q3C6BhUkOi Hampton Harbor is New Hampshire's largest commercial fishing port -- but it's facing a big problem...pic.twitter.com/BMPIRbD366 My statement on reports that the Trump administration will impose a domestic gag rule on women’s healthcare providers:  … Our children have come to wonder “when” not “if” their school will experience a shooting. Thoughts & prayers are not enough without meaningful action to end gun violence. Children deserve so much better. … Augustus Saint-Gaudens was one of America’s great sculptors. I’m thrilled that the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee is advancing my bill to make his home in Cornish the Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park!pic.twitter.com/A6yMpq3p74 As the opioid crisis grips our communities, there are few resources more helpful than naloxone – a life-saving overdose reversal drug. Hiking its price endangers the lives of patients in NH and across the country. Concerning editorial from @USAToday.  My statement on Gina Haspel's nomination to be CIA Director.pic.twitter.com/HGFds1Uups Today’s vote was a victory for small businesses in New Hampshire who need #netneutrality to compete online. But the fight isn’t over. I’ll keep pushing for the House to pass this bipartisan resolution to protect small businesses and consumers. 100 years ago, Congress established the White Mountain National Forest, a natural treasure spread out across NH. It supports the economy & draws tourists from across the world. One century later it’s as lovely as ever, & we're committed to preserving its beauty for generations.pic.twitter.com/oKH7SszrL3 We need #netneutrality so our small businesses aren’t forced to worry about whether or not they’ll be able to continue to do biz online. I’m voting to restore these protections today – because small biz shouldn’t be faced with uncertainty about their ability to compete online. Wow – Zachary is a hero. What an incredible story. Very grateful that everyone is safe. … Today on #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay, we honor both the NH officers who protect our communities and those who have fallen in the line of duty. We must remind their families that they’ll never be forgotten and pay tribute to their sacrifice. Having failed to repeal ACA, the Trump admin & R leaders in Congress are slowly undermining it, driving premiums up dramatically. It's incredibly cynical. We should work across the aisle to improve ACA, not tear it down. Must read @BostonGlobe editorial:  Shaheen and Hassan call on Trump administration to release PFAS health assessment which reportedly shows PFAS chemicals are dangerous at much lower levels than EPA thought, thousands exposed to PFAS in Portsmouth  … @seacoastonline Investigating claims of fraud against students cannot be swept under the rug. We need accountability and answers, and stopping these investigations provides nothing but cover for the for-profit universities responsible for this abuse.  According to @Politico a WH official was worried about “PR nightmare” of releasing PFAS health study. No! The real nightmare is not knowing how these chemicals have impacted the health of your children – a reality for many Seacoast parents. My statement:  pic.twitter.com/MdSYkAlEk5 Hampton Harbor desperately needs dredging – this is a real risk to safety and the local economy. I’m urging the Army Corps of Engineers and the White House Office of Management and Budget to prioritize the emergency dredging.pic.twitter.com/vdIJX7cQfr Being Stefany, Stacey & Molly’s mother is my favorite role. I’m so proud of the fierce & brilliant women they’ve become & proud of how they support & inspire my grandchildren each and every day. Happy #MothersDay to all the moms out there who celebrated with their families today.pic.twitter.com/9BNlNQwRJH No one living in the United States should be deported to a country where they could face extreme religious persecution. … Thank you for providing a sanctuary for survivors of domestic and sexual assault. … Though I’m glad to hear the President address prescription drug costs, I’m very disappointed that his proposal fails to include Medicare price negotiation. My statement:pic.twitter.com/n2450nGezt Sen Shaheen sees serious shoaling in Hampton Harbor - joined by fishermen & army corps of engineers @WMUR9 #wmurpic.twitter.com/5BE0eDAkZk Pease community in Portsmouth to kick off first ever mulit-site study on PFAS exposure after thousands exposed to contaminated water. Huge victory for Testing For Pease mom and U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen  … @seacoastonline @Testing_4_Pease @JeanneShaheen Mooshelle! What a sweet story & reminder of NH’s beautiful wildlife. … These projects will help NH coastal communities & our fishing industry. I’ll keep working across the aisle to ensure Congress sees them through.   Grateful that @SenJohnBarrasso & @SenatorCarper prioritized NH objectives in the bipartisan water infrastructure bill that supports projects at Hampton & Portsmouth Harbors. With Seasonal Hiring Pressure In N.H., Shaheen Pushes For Answers On Temporary Worker Visas   #NHPoliticspic.twitter.com/cAbBXVcxeD Many small biz owners have told me they fear what the future holds without #netneutrality protections – if they’ll be able to compete, expand & create new jobs. 6,000 small biz sent a letter asking us to protect them from the FCC’s decision to repeal. Now we're forcing a vote.pic.twitter.com/hMTawNP8A7 Small businesses are the backbone of NH’s economy, & #netneutrality protections have ensured they have a level playing field & can grow online. Repealing these protections threatens small biz's ability to do business, so we’re forcing a vote to restore protections for them.pic.twitter.com/L8RnEszC9d All you need is to take one ride with @_MealsOnWheels to see how integral this program is to the lives of thousands of Granite Staters. Thanks for all you do. … The official commissioning of the #USSManchester is on May 26 in Portsmouth. Get your tickets at   while they’re still available.pic.twitter.com/VF0mhPDLvu Very relieved that these 3 Americans who had been held in North Korea are now released and heading home. We must continue to do all that we can to return Americans unjustly held by foreign governments. Thank you to Secretary Pompeo and all who worked to secure their freedom. Too many grandparents and great-grandparents, like Edie, are raising their children’s kids because of the opioid epidemic. I have friends in this situation & frequently hear from grandparents across NH. Their stories show how this crisis affects everyone.  Insulin is the difference between life and death for millions of Americans with diabetes, & rising costs can have patients struggling to pay for treatment or rationing insulin, sometimes with tragic consequences. That's why today’s hearing was so critical. #MakeInsulinAffordable … President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Iran deal needlessly discards our only effective means of curtailing Iran’s nuclear capabilities and emboldens hardliners in Iran to resume nuclear weapons activity. My statement:pic.twitter.com/7D3Wg2Kvoo I agree, @seacoastonline. Bobby Candra has lived and worked in NH for 18 years. Separating him from his family, home, & community is cruel and unnecessary. Read full editorial here:  Reversing stigma is key to stemming the opioid epidemic … A good teacher can make an enormous difference in a child’s life. Grateful for teachers who inspire our kids. During #TeacherAppreciationWeek, I thank all the men and women who work so hard every day to educate NH students. As a former teacher, I know how hard the job can be. Applaud @Walmart for doing its part & taking meaningful steps to help curb the opioid epidemic. … I appreciate the First Lady’s attention to children impacted by the opioid crisis and I encourage her to visit NH. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/86U4IMFsVX Thrilled that Jeffery was selected to throw out the first pitch for the @RedSox. A well-deserved honor.   We must never forget the service of all who fight for our country & do everything we can to bring the fallen home. Very relieved for the Quinn family that Sgt. David Quinn is finally laid to rest in NH.   Dr. Brunson is being unjustly held by Turkey to gain leverage over the US gov't. This is reprehensible & undermines our NATO alliance. I’ve been working w/ @SenatorLankford & @SenThomTillis to release Dr. Brunson & will keep fighting to secure his freedom.  Leaders across the public and private sectors voiced their concerns about the disastrous effect of net neutrality repeal on Granite State small biz this morning during a special @SenateSmallBiz field hearing @UNH. I’ll keep working to fight the FCC’s decision. #SmallBusinessWeekpic.twitter.com/DgYek0t9aa Every time I visit the North Country and go through the notch, I always look for the Old Man.  Extremely glad that Bobby Candra was given this reprieve. Bobby has lived & worked in NH for 18 yrs. The Trump admin should use discretion & allow him to stay. There’s no reason to upend Bobby's life & separate him from his family & community. … Are you interested in attending one of our country’s prestigious military academies? Stop by the NH Military Service Academy Day on Saturday, May 12th in Pembroke. More details here:pic.twitter.com/adY3tPqmyu We should be helping small businesses create jobs, not forcing them to hire lawyers. The Trump admin should reconsider its tariffs today. The last thing NH small businesses need is a trade war that will cost jobs.  .@SenKamalaHarris, @SenSherrodBrown, @SenTinaSmith, @SenGaryPeters and @SenatorShaheen are all in on saving #NetNeutrality!  In just one week -- on Wednesday, May 9th -- we will officially file the petition to force a vote on the resolution to #SaveTheInternet.  #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/SKtAnRYGix Enough is enough. Scott Pruitt needs to go now.  Small businesses are the core of NH’s economy. On #SmallBusinessWeek, I encourage you all to visit and support your local small businesses.pic.twitter.com/BuOjue4dc5 For nearly 20 years, @BetteLasky has been a tireless advocate for Nashua & has helped improve the lives of all Granite Staters. Thank you for your dedicated service in the NH legislature. … This is a great idea to boost confiscation of unused & expired prescription drugs, which is so important for combating the opioid crisis. Read more in the @Keene_Sentinel:   On #SmallBusinessWeek I’ll be shining a light on the impact of #netneutrality repeal on NH’s small businesses at a special Senate field hearing this Thursday at UNH. More info here:   Medicaid expansion has made NH healthier by insuring thousands of Granite Staters who weren't previously covered, playing a critical role in treating substance use disorders & improving care for veterans. Great op-ed by Dominique Ruse in the @UnionLeader:   I’m glad we were able to secure funding for the first ever nationwide PFC Water Contamination study. NH communities need answers on how exposure to these contaminants will impact their health.  No one should be discriminated against or bullied for who they are. Every student deserves to feel safe and accepted in school, and I stand with LGBT students across the country on the #DayOfSilence, and everyday. Tomorrow is Drug Take Back Day & I urge every Granite Stater to find your nearest drop-off location and get all unused & expired medications out of your homes. By cleaning out cabinets of old prescription drugs, you’re protecting your family & community.   With some states slated to start announcing heath insurance rates for 2019 next week, @SenatorShaheen delivers the Weekly Democratic Address saying the Trump Administration & Republicans in Congress have sabotaged the ACA after they repeatedly tried & failed to repeal it.pic.twitter.com/D9qtoS5ope Gen. Lori Robinson, cmdr of NORAD & USNORTHCOM, & The Honorable @SenatorShaheen, Senator from New Hampshire, visit the 9/11 memorial outside the HQ bldng on Peterson AFB, Colo. Sen. Shaheen received various briefings on the unique missions of NORAD & USNORTHCOM during her visit.pic.twitter.com/FdTQsyfFwI My #TakeYourChildToWorkDay came with a bonus – two of my grandkids, William and Annah!pic.twitter.com/bZy5XBYy1a Millions of women are denied healthcare & assistance around the world because of the Trump admin’s global gag rule, so I introduced bipartisan legislation to repeal it with @SenatorCollins. Learn more in @ConMonitorNews editorial:  Great to see members of both parties working across the aisle to protect the Mueller investigation. We are a nation of laws and no one – not even the President – is above the law.  This is incredibly important work and I want to thank all law enforcement involved. It’s impossible to overstate the dangers of fentanyl and we have to get it off our streets.    Hands down, best meeting of the day. #WorldPenguinDay pic.twitter.com/z7d8n2ywHB I joined w/ @SenWhitehouse to send letters to 8 major banks requesting details on any actions taken following the Trump admin’s publication of the so-called “Oligarchs List,” a list of wealthy Russians with close ties to the Kremlin. More here:   The economic cost of the opioid epidemic in NH was over $5.34 billion in 2016. This is both a public health and economic crisis. Glad to see the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018 includes key NH priorities in response. ICYMI: I joined @SenatorLankford on @FoxNews last night to discuss our call for sanctions on Turkey in response to the imprisonment of American pastor Andrew Brunson.pic.twitter.com/syE9P0fpaz Encouraged to hear @EmmanuelMacron's global commitment to combat climate change to ensure our children & the generations that follow inherit a safe & healthy planet. I hope President Trump listens to our ally & reconsiders US participation in the Paris Climate Accord. Appreciate President Macron’s (@EmmanuelMacron) strong statement in support of women’s rights around the globe, recognizing that these rights are fundamental to the strength and development of societies. Treasury announced 2 years ago that they would honor Harriet Tubman by putting her portrait on the twenty dollar bill by 2020, but what progress has the Trump administration made towards this goal? I’ve written Secretary Mnuchin, asking #WhereAreTheWomen?pic.twitter.com/oMbZsuub2g Sen. Jeanne Shaheen called on the Treasury Department to prioritize the release of the Harriet Tubman $20 bill in a letter to Steven Mnuchin on Tuesday, after it was reported that the new bill could be delayed by the Trump Administration  Joining @SenatorLankford tonight on @foxnewsnight to discuss our call for sanctions in response to the imprisonment of Pastor Brunson, an American wrongfully held in Turkeypic.twitter.com/H8lGg5LPQB Great to meet with so many students from Stevens High School in Claremont today!pic.twitter.com/QIz2i0rTNv I urged Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson to do everything possible to transfer funding for a national PFAS study. We need to get our communities the answers & help they deserve.  Wishing a speedy recovery for President George H.W. Bush and continued strength for the Bush family. Exciting to see Jeffery of the Manchester VA being recognized for his hard work!   I hope the admin moves forward with these sanctions. The evidence of cooperation between Kaspersky Lab and the Kremlin is overwhelming. This is an appropriate next step.  The Trump admin is proposing an expansion of #JunkPlans that don’t cover prescription drug costs, maternity care, or basic health screenings, & could lead to higher costs for Granite Staters with pre-existing conditions. I'm urging the admin to immediately STOP this effort.pic.twitter.com/nzhoH1AzHf The State Department should reverse its ill-advised decision to remove women’s reproductive rights from its annual human rights report. A woman’s right to control her own body is a fundamental human right.  Another revelation of @EPAScottPruitt’s misconduct. It’s time for him to go.  Mr. President (@RealDonaldTrump), a substance misuse disorder is a disease and shouldn’t be used as an insult. … Prioritizing policies to combat climate change & investing in practices to safeguard our environment are essential to giving the next generation a safe & healthy future. On #EarthDay we are reminded of this responsibility to protect our planet.  These students are the future and they are demanding change. #Columbine … Turkish President Erdogan continues to violate trust between our nations by imprisoning Americans, like Dr. Andrew Brunson, on false charges. I am working w/@SenatorShaheen to sanction Turkish officials responsible for imprisoning these innocent Americans.pic.twitter.com/R2nUhzxDRm Applaud federal regulators for holding @WellsFargo accountable for their fraudulent actions. We need a clear signal that victimizing individuals and small businesses in NH & around the country will not be tolerated. … . So happy to have little Maile Pearl in the chamber with @SenDuckworth! … Sexual & gender-based violence remains pervasive around the world. Fighting this horrific abuse has been & will remain a priority for me in the Senate. I hope the alleged perpetrators in Asifa’s case are not shielded from justice.  I am proud that we were able to pass this bipartisan resolution last night. I will continue to work across the aisle to advocate for women and girls every day. … #TBT to 1946 and the commissioning of the original #USSManchester. Pictured here is Mayor Josaphat T. Benoit and Mayoral Secretary Madeleine Gladu, courtesy of the Manchester Historical Association. Get your tickets for the commissioning ceremony here:  .pic.twitter.com/di8AxlAkyT Coming up on #AMR: @SenBobCorker @SenatorShaheen @RepSwalwell @FrankFigliuzzi1 @kwelkernbc @RuthMarcus @samstein @RonaldKlain @rickwtyler and more on @MSNBC - Tune in 12ET! Today, I joined a group of 39 senators and 131 representatives in calling on @EPAScottPruitt to step down. This resolution sends an unequivocal message to the administration: the American people have lost faith in Pruitt, and it’s time for him to go. What an incredible act of kindness! Congratulations to Mattheus and Maria!  … Pastor Brunson is an innocent man, and this decision to keep him behind bars is indefensible. I'll continue to work across the aisle to hold those responsible for his unlawful detention accountable. Hostage-taking cannot be permitted, particularly by a NATO ally like Turkey. … The Northeast is leading the charge in reducing carbon emissions and fighting climate change – and our energy efficiency is strengthening our economy and lowering our bills.  This is dangerous and wrong. Women’s health – not ideology - should shape reproductive health policy priorities.  During Barbara Bush’s many trips to New Hampshire, we came to know and respect her principles and character. I offer my most sincere condolences to the Bush family and friends, and the American people, as we all mourn her loss. I cosponsored the bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response Act because it’ll extend the authorization of prescription drug monitoring & dedicate funding to hardest-hit states. Congress MUST prioritize relief for our communities on the frontlines. More here:   I cannot support Director Mike Pompeo’s nomination to serve as Secretary of State. My statement:pic.twitter.com/F9U3tMDWGR Granite Staters interested in attending any of our country’s prestigious military academies are invited to attend the NH Military Service Academy Day on Saturday, May 12th in Pembroke. More details here:   Thanks @Mariska for highlighting this. Rape kit testing and investigations should be basic and essential protections for survivors. Everyone deserves justice.  59% of small businesses think #netneutrality repeal will mean less traffic to their websites because providers will favor large corporations, per @Paychex. NH small biz shouldn't have to worry about losing website traffic. The admin must reverse this decision. On #TaxDay, the last thing our businesses need is more red tape. Hope SCOTUS will consider impact on NH small biz who sell online of dangerous effort to impose sales tax collection requirements.  Thanks for having me! It was great to celebrate social studies week with you all. … My statement on the President’s decision to backtrack on Russian sanctions:pic.twitter.com/wYGJJwXYpr Girls at Work in Manchester is empowering girls one woodworking project at a time. The results are uplifting and life-changing.pic.twitter.com/UDt1iaKSFY These spending laws are in place for a reason: to limit abuse of taxpayer dollars. This is egregious and it’s past time for Scott Pruitt to resign.  Given the stakes for the U.S. and our allies, Congress should pass this legislation and allow this important work to get underway. We need an honest, clear-eyed assessment of the conflict and recommendations for a path forward. There’s currently one hold on my Syria Study Group legislation (HR 390), preventing it from moving forward in the Senate. Recent events and the lack of an admin strategy further stress the need for a top to bottom review of our policy in Syria. Congrats to the Granite Staters and all the runners in today’s #BostonMarathon! On Marathon Monday, we celebrate today’s runners and keep those lost on that tragic day five years ago in our thoughts. #BostonStrong   My full statement on the President’s decision to launch US airstrikes on Syrian military forces:pic.twitter.com/OvHj96emdg Was happy to have @SenatorShaheen, @SenatorCollins, & @ChrisCoons join me in introducing bipartisan legislation this week that seeks to end Yemen’s civil war and address the world’s worst humanitarian crisis. … A fitting tribute to a true trailblazer. Congrats, Dudley Dudley! … This SCOTUS case could force NH companies to collect sales taxes for 9,600 taxing jurisdictions. It would deliver no benefit to NH, just increase costs for our small businesses. Agree with @MarieOhHuber of @eBay– SCOTUS must side with small businesses.  We will always remember the bravery and sacrifice of Chief Maloney, who lost life his protecting his community. Keeping his family and fellow officers in my thoughts today. … #TBT to 1833 when the first public library in the country opened in Peterborough, NH. All across the Granite State, libraries provide internet, government services, and community programs. I’m grateful for my hometown library in Madbury this #NationalLibraryWeek.  On Holocaust Remembrance Day we honor the survivors and those who were killed by the Nazi regime. It’s our collective duty to never forget and do all we can to fight against antisemitism and hate.pic.twitter.com/Te7y7XfUmu Tune in LIVE as a I question Mike Pompeo on his nomination for Secretary of State.   .@MarcoRubio is right. The aftermath of a chemical attack is not the time to block this bipartisan bill, which includes my provision to create a #Syria Study Group to issue recommendations on a US Strategy in Syria. We need a Syria strategy now. … 30 years – wow! Congrats, @TomGriffithWMUR. Thanks for all you do to keep NH informed. … From adding vital support to the fight against opioids to easing financial burdens on fishermen & funding the first nationwide PFAS health study, the government funding bill signed into law supports NH. I’ll continue to work across the aisle to deliver for our communities.pic.twitter.com/jrgQhZnCqq The NBRC has had a significant impact on northern NH communities, creating jobs & supporting projects that improve quality of life. My bipartisan bill will ensure the commission can continue its important work & expand its reach to more NH communities. … Empowering prosecutors to pursue websites that promote sex trafficking is vital to ensure reprehensible businesses, like Backpage, are brought to justice. I’m pleased that this bipartisan legislation I co-sponsored, aka #SESTA, is now law & I’ll continue to advocate for victims. Safeguarding women’s reproductive health is a human right. As El Salvador considers new legislation, I hope leaders will prioritize the health of mothers & protect victims of rape. I’ll keep fighting for US investments in women’s global health & family planning programs. … Wrong, Mr. President. It’s because the Kremlin is annexing sovereign nations, attacking Western democracies, using nerve agents to kill on foreign soil and supporting rogue, corrupt regimes around the world. … A trade war would be terrible for small businesses like @Graphicast in Jaffrey. I will continue to urge the President to reconsider his disastrous tariffs.pic.twitter.com/XNpFKg7xVS It takes women an extra 100 days to earn the same amount that men earn in a year. This is unacceptable. Women deserve #EqualPayForEqualWork. We can’t let up in our fight for equality. #EqualPayDay Nobody is above the law.pic.twitter.com/8nbRWZzyIG What she said  … It takes women an extra 100 days to earn the same amount that men earn in a year. This is unacceptable. Women deserve #EqualPayForEqualWork. We can’t let up in our fight for equality. #EqualPayDay There are a lot of questions that remain about how PFAS contaminated water could affect NH families’ health. That’s why this study is so important & why I’ll keep fighting to get our communities the answers they deserve.  Congratulations, @SenDuckworth! We are all so excited for you, Bryan & Abigail. Welcome to the world, Maile Pearl - we can’t wait to meet you! … .@SenatorShaheen visited the Salem CTE program on Friday and said the legislature should look at tax credits for businesses who employ teen interns   @EagleTrib @SalemHighSchool @SalemSchoolDist @AmandaSabgapic.twitter.com/QjbUYzilp1 Our service members are heroes to us all, but especially to their children. I was inspired by 12 year-old Jadyn Stevens of Rochester, who read me part of her book “Sergeant Major ‘Dad.’” Honoring Jadyn & all the brave moms & dads keeping America safe during this #MOMC #PurpleUp.pic.twitter.com/mvzEtthEgL I agree with the @UnionLeader – trade wars are not good. And nobody wins them. The President must listen to Granite Staters, business leaders & economists who are asking him to de-escalate this trade war.  … Jobs in STEM grew by over 24% over the last decade, but NH has a shortage of the trained workers needed to fill these positions. I spent the morning @SalemCTE discussing their recent success in a @SkillUSA competition & how they prepare Granite State students for the workforce.pic.twitter.com/lY0XDAhcCW Today’s sanctions should be a signal to Russia that the United States will not sit idly by while they repeatedly try to destabilize Western democracies, & I will continue to push for additional sanctions to hold the Kremlin accountable for its crimes. My statement:pic.twitter.com/TT5v3fynI5 Running an energy efficient company isn’t just helpful for the environment, it’s a smart business decision. Congrats to NH Core Utilities of Manchester & @Chinburg Properties of Newmarket for being recognized as @ENERGYSTAR Partners and for leading our state in energy efficiency. Drug overdoses can easily occur midflight without access to immediate medical personnel. I sent a letter with @SenBrianSchatz and @SenatorHassan urging the @FAA to equip airline Emergency Medical Kits with naloxone, which is critical in preventing overdose deaths.pic.twitter.com/Nh59Ui2579 I spent the morning in Jaffrey touring local business @GraphicastInc & discussed the serious consequences that the President’s new tariff policy could have on NH’s economy & jobs. The President is creating a trade war. It’s time for him to listen to Granite Staters & de-escalate.pic.twitter.com/I6752YZ6VF Welcome back, @mindykaling! Granite Staters are proud to call you one of our own. … On the 50th anniversary of his death, we honor the life & legacy of Dr. King & those who marched beside him in the Civil Rights Movement to demand social & legal justice. We honor that work and pledge to continue these efforts to ensure full equality for all Americans. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/fGvSXGTw2H Excellent op-ed by my former #USSenate colleagues @SenThomTillis & @SenatorShaheen. I’m very proud of their work re-establishing Senate #NATO Observer Group & fostering bipartisan support for Alliance’s modernization at critical time. @natopapress   Read: … Exciting to see a Granite Stater competing on @AmericanIdol. Good luck, Kay Kay!  … Ending #netneutrality rigs the internet against rural communities & small biz in NH where most people don't have the luxury of picking a different broadband provider. I'll keep pushing bipartisan efforts to reverse the admin’s decision to end open internet. … It’s heartwarming to see Pats players volunteering in our communities. I applaud Malcolm on his efforts, and we’re grateful to have him lending a hand in Dover. #PatsNation … This is unacceptable. There must be transparency from this admin & all conflicts of interest must immediately be disclosed. Mr. Pruitt’s behavior continues to raise concerns. There are serious questions that he needs to answer. … Our fishermen have enough financial burdens without the added cost of at-sea monitoring fees – that’s why I fought for federal funding to provide NH fishermen w/ much-needed financial relief. I’ll keep fighting to protect NH’s commercial fishing industry. … The future #USSManchester pays great tribute to the Queen City and New Hampshire’s long history of supporting our national defense. I’m excited to announce the commissioning date is May 26th in Portsmouth! … Commissions & declarations are not enough. The opioid crisis is out of control & we need a response that is equal to the challenge. 64k deaths in 2016--a 21% increase over '15. Every day 100's of families are losing loved ones. We cannot accept this. … Andy Soucy is a local legend and the Londonderry High music program he built is astounding. I told these students that one of my best friends to this day is someone that I met in band as a kid. These friendships will stay with you for life!pic.twitter.com/5NxUus48us Diabetes doesn’t just make patients’ lives difficult; the cost of this epidemic threatens to overwhelm our health care system. Thanks @WillCefalu for highlighting this important issue. … I thank @SecShulkin for his service & dedication to our veterans. Look forward to hearing about how Adm Jackson will invest in VA services & NH veterans, including improving service at the Manchester VA & through the Choice Program & fact-finding through ongoing investigations. The opioid epidemic is first and foremost a public health crisis, but it’s also an economic crisis. These sobering statistics, particularly the lives they represent, should inspire all of us to redouble our efforts to end this epidemic. … When it comes to accusations of voter fraud, it’s important to get the facts straight: there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud. Important reporting here by @NHPR. … As the US, NATO & other allies move against Russia over alleged nerve agent attack against a former Russian spy in Britain, bipartisan moves are afoot in Congress to strengthen US ties to NATO.   @SenatorShaheen @ThomTillis explain  from the US Senate … NH suffers the third-highest rate of death from drug overdose. Today, the NH delegation is urging President Trump to make sure our state gets a fair share of new funding we helped secure for hardest hit areas of the country. … You're right, Aly. We do need a thorough and independent investigation. … “We have a huge backlog of infrastructure investment in the country,” says @SenatorShaheen in Brentwood. “We need more people in the trades.” @seacoastonlinepic.twitter.com/1KnjnuaSQ8 Education is critical to preventing substance use. Today I met with SoRock members, and educators and students from Sanborn Regional High to talk about their programs that promote healthy lifestyles for young people. A great conversation about effective ways to prevent drug use.pic.twitter.com/glMbspLWVD I applaud the actions taken today by the Trump administration to expel Kremlin officials and shutter the Russian compound in Seattle. My statement:pic.twitter.com/AjlPbQVzyq Every year, millions of women throughout the United States experience domestic violence and sexual assault. I’ll never stop working to support programs for survivors, and I’m proud of the progress we made in the omnibus bill that was just signed into law. … Inspiring day at the Nashua #MarchForOurLives.pic.twitter.com/A3vmyCrSfz This is shameful and undermines our military readiness. The President’s policy violates our service members’ civil rights and discriminates against transgender Americans who want to serve our country. I stand w/ the transgender community & will fight this discriminatory policy. … Joined hundreds of passionate students and community members in Nashua to say that Congress needs to take action and help keep guns out of the wrong hands. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/tngpFkKxAx Securing assistance to combat the opioid crisis was my top concern in this government funding legislation, and now that this bill has been signed into law, it is up to the President to follow through on his promises. My statement:pic.twitter.com/Phl3orxqQL Coach supports my granddaughter, Elle, every day. Elle lives with Type 1 diabetes and he is her service dog trained to detect changes in blood sugars. He is so lovable and look how cute he is in his sweater! Happy #NationalPuppyDay to our Shaheen pup.pic.twitter.com/XudOFQV4Z1 Thanks @Patriots for helping these student leaders participate in democracy & have their voices heard. #MarchForOurLives  With the myriad of complex threats facing our country, the President needs sound, reasonable counsel. That’s not John Bolton. He has a very troubling record & I fear he’ll further undermine diplomatic efforts by prioritizing military engagement. On the 8 year anniversary of the #ACA it’s imp to look back on all our progress. Nearly 1 in 10 Granite Staters rely on coverage afforded by the ACA & Medicaid expansion has provided ~11k w/ access to treatment for substance use disorders. I'll always fight to #ProtectOurCare. I fought to include funding in the omnibus bill to protect young U.S. athletes. Congress must continue to listen & take action to address the culture of abuse in many sports and deliver accountability.  My granddaughter used to say all she wanted was a vacation from her diabetes, and I wish I could give that to her. Proud to join @SenatorCollins and @AmDiabetesAssn to advocate for every family impacted by Type 1 & 2 diabetes across the country.pic.twitter.com/4vDvCnTlBh NOW on @ConMonitorNews Massive budget agreement reached last night to fund federal govt. thru Sept. includes $3.3 billion this year in funding to fight #OpioidEpidemic - with $142 million set aside for hard hit states like NH  … #NHPolitics #opioidscrisispic.twitter.com/xsphTpDAjm My full statement on the funding secured for the nationwide health study on PFC chemicals in drinking water:  … #NHPolitics Government funding bill also includes funding for the first-ever nationwide health study on the impact of perfluorinated chemicals in drinking water. NH families have gone too long without answers about the health impact of emerging contaminants in their water #nhpolitics Here’s my full statement on opioid response resources in the newly released government funding bill:  … #nhpolitics Omnibus bill provides $3.3B in additional funding to respond to the opioid epidemic—a fulfillment of the agreement we reached in the Common Sense Caucus. $142 million is set aside for hardest hit states. This is a significant increase to the frontlines of this crisis #nhpolitics Small business development centers help thousands of NH small businesses grow and create jobs every year. Find out how SBDC can help your business or get your business dream up and running #SBDCDay  The Trump administration must use its discretion to allow Indonesians who fled religious persecution to remain in NH. This @Seacoastonline editorial demonstrates how integral these families are to their communities.  Sent letter w/ @SenatorShaheen urging USTR to support a full repeal of @USDA's wasteful & duplicative catfish inspection program  … Sen. Shaheen: I’ve been disappointed more Republican lawmakers aren’t speaking out to protect special counsel Robert Mueller from Trump: “No one is above the law in the United States, including the President.”  pic.twitter.com/Tpdp1bLF81 My statement on President Trump’s remarks on the opioid epidemic in Manchester:pic.twitter.com/FU3xq6wT6f This would lead to a full blown constitutional crisis. Congress must act to protect Mueller investigation. … To all new members, DM me for blacklist happy hour details … NH has a shortage of trained workers, and we need to address it. Great to discuss strategies w/ leaders this morning at the Lakes Region Workforce Dev. Resource Summit this morning.pic.twitter.com/zy4AUTXh5u Louise Slaughter was a fierce advocate for her district & a titan for women’s rights. She was an inspiration for many women to run for political office. My heart goes out to her family, friends, staff & constituents. She will be sorely missed.pic.twitter.com/6pSbVCha1Q How appropriate that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s birthday falls during #WomensHistoryMonth. Happy Birthday to one of the fiercest defenders of women.pic.twitter.com/lKpvEk8u41 UNH student @ncgrove_16 and #TeamUSA are going for gold in the sled hockey final! Proud to have you represent us on the ice. #Paralympicspic.twitter.com/Mp0lhxY0Hh These sanctions announced today are long overdue. My statement:pic.twitter.com/l9pctNyETM Public schools are the best opportunity for kids from all walks of life to get the education they deserve. Thank you to all of our teachers, superintendents, and staff, who work tirelessly for NH children. #PublicSchoolsWeek WOW! Not only was Vinjai a finalist, but he came in 7th place. Enjoyed meeting him this morning during constituent coffee, and I am amazed by his work. Watch out for the next generation of scientists!pic.twitter.com/3FfZ5AlmYF Grateful for your service & sacrifice, John. … Again and again, studies have found that policies to limit or ban abortion outright have the unintended consequence of dramatically increasing abortion overall.  When family planning services are accessible, rates of unplanned pregnancies and abortion go down. Just about every woman of my generation has a story about a friend or acquaintance who had to resort to this. We remember those days, and we refuse to be taken back. I remember the days prior to 1973 when abortion was against the law in most states. An est. 1.2 MILLION women each year resorted to illegal abortions, typically performed in unsanitary conditions by unlicensed practitioners, often resulting in infection, hemorrhage, even death. FROM MY REMARKS JUST DELIVERED ON SENATE FLOOR: We know from harsh experience that outlawing abortion does not end abortion, it simply drives it into the shadows and unsafe conditions. This is a pervasive cultural problem at the US Olympic Committee & many governing bodies – Congress needs to act to deliver answers & accountability.  Congress & President Trump need to listen to students in NH & across the nation demanding action on commonsense reform to end gun violence. To our students: I support your efforts & hear your call. Congress must stand up to the gun lobby & do the right thing. #NationalWalkoutDay … Thank you, Maureen, and all who contribute to @FITNH. This recognition for your work with homeless families is so deserved. I urge all of you to read this powerful report on Maureen’s life and work:   Thank you to all of our mail carriers, those working to clear the roads, and all who are working diligently through this weather. Stay safe out there! … "A deliberate cover-up"?: U.S. Figure Skating reckoning with sexual abuse allegations against Olympic coach.  pic.twitter.com/FhTE6VquW5 Let me take this opportunity to reiterate my fervent and undying commitment to New Hampshire’s first in the nation primary. My legislation w/ @SenToddYoung was written to withstand legal scrutiny and still influence Saudi military operations to save innocent lives. There’s bipartisan urgency to pass legislation in the Senate to help end civil war in Yemen. … While I often disagreed with Secretary Tillerson, I thank him for his service and wish him well in his next endeavor. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/C5fACVzHTd Congrats to Vinjai Vale of Manchester for being named one of just 40 finalists in the nation in #RegeneronSTS. New Hampshire is proud to have you represent us this week, and we’re excited to see what you do next!  pic.twitter.com/aWuSpM3eGj As proud alumni, @SenCapito, @SenDuckworth, @SenatorCollins & I are introducing a resolution to recognize the @GirlScouts’ 106th b-day. For more than a century, they’ve helped generations of girls rise up & accomplish their dreams. I’ll buy a box of Thin Mints to celebrate! Granite Staters – stay safe during tonight’s storm! To stay up to date, go to  , and to develop a family emergency plan go to  . Call 211 for shelter & warming center info. #ReadyNH We need a new Education Secretary. … Cheering on #TeamUSA and all of our athletes competing in the Paralympics. Granite Staters were especially proud to see alpine skier @tbone_walker of Franconia compete last weekend, and I’m looking forward to seeing him hit the slopes later this week!pic.twitter.com/RZALya9Nh7 It’s our hope that both the Sanders-Lee-Murphy resolution & our proposal be debated & voted on. U.S. policy in Yemen must be subject to congressional oversight and that is what our bipartisan legislation will provide Our legislation makes clear that U.S. support for our allies fighting in Yemen must be contingent on efforts to end the conflict diplomatically & improve the humanitarian situation THREAD: The humanitarian devastation caused by the conflict in Yemen is heartbreaking & Congress needs to take action. I have partnered w/ @SenToddYoung to find an effective means to save innocent lives Ending #netneutrality protections would rig the internet against rural communities and small businesses in New Hampshire. Today I heard from business owners and entrepreneurs at @AlphaSync in Portsmouth on the impact this would have on our state.  Glad to see some form of accountability in response to these heinous allegations, but it’s unconscionable that it took 2 decades. Why did it take so long? This is why we need a special committee to investigate USOC. … Too many American communities have been devastated by oil spills, and we can’t afford one near New Hampshire’s coast. The deadline to tell the Trump administration how you feel about its offshore drilling proposal is TONIGHT (11:59 PM ET). Submit here:   New Hampshire is supported by $4 billion in exports. I remain concerned about the significant impact that a tariff on steel and aluminum will have on our economy. My full statement on President Trump’s announcement:pic.twitter.com/1ApSiMA6fx With @amprog on #InternationalWomensDay to discuss my efforts to repeal the Global Gag Rule. The GGR denies assistance to the most effective health orgs that work in developing world & help millions of women & girls. I'll keep fighting to reverse this dangerous policy.pic.twitter.com/Igabqekk6X .@SenatorCollins and I introduced a resolution today designating March 8, 2018 #InternationalWomensDay to recognize women’s achievements around the globe & stress the urgent need to keep pushing forward. Our work goes on. It is incumbent upon all of us to continue to fight for equality so that the next generation doesn’t have to fight the same fights that we do. #InternationalWomensDay is both a reminder of how far we’ve come, but also of how far we have to go. These barriers are in large part because women are still not equally represented in governments at home and abroad. That must change. #InternationalWomensDay Women & girls account for +50% of the world population, yet numerous barriers prevent them from being fully equal and having access to education and necessary healthcare. #InternationalWomensDay THREAD: On #InternationalWomensDay we celebrate the achievements of women and girls around the world, but also recognize the real obstacles that still stand in our way for equal rights and opportunities. Glad to be joining @amprog on #InternationalWomensDay for a discussion on the need to repeal the Trump admin’s expanded Global Gag Rule, which puts family planning & women’s health at risk around the globe. Tune in at 12PM:  Love it!  … Granite Staters have an opportunity to weigh in on the Trump administration’s offshore drilling proposal. The deadline is this Friday – submit here:   The rate of overdoses from opioids continues to surge with a 30% increase across the country last year. States, including NH, are still not getting the support they need from the federal government to respond to this growing epidemic.  .@amyklobuchar & @SenatorShaheen asked 3 largest election equipment vendors whether source code/software were shared w/ Russian entities. They cite reports "indicating U.S. based firms operating on U.S. government platforms gave Russian authorities access to their software"pic.twitter.com/666f6bi0TH Elephants ARE NOT trophies! Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to sport hunting these beautiful & endangered animals. Follow through on your promise to reverse this policy:  Watch @SenatorShaheen, a lead sponsor of the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017, discuss how women's contributions can improve the effectiveness of U.S. security operations around the world:   #WomensHistoryMonth HB1264 is aimed squarely at young voters in NH to discourage participation. That’s disgraceful. Republican lawmakers should appeal to the concerns and interests of young voters, not block their access to the ballot box. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/JnUyMaMn6m My full letter to @SecElaineChao here:pic.twitter.com/YTT4J8KEAu Just spoke with @SecElainChao: Thrilled to share that $10 million in federal funding is coming to NH for the I-89 Lebanon-Hartford Bridge Project. I’ve been urging DOT to invest in this critical local infrastructure project. I am urging President Trump to reconsider his plan to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum. A trade war would be a disaster for New Hampshire. More in my full letter to the President:pic.twitter.com/yASOrIVmOA .@SenatorShaheen in letter to @POTUS urges reconsideration of steel, aluminum tariffs. Says “A trade war would be a disaster for NH,” cites Canada ties. Letter here #nhpolitics #WMUR  … .@SenJoniErnst & I join @MegynKelly shortly on @MegynTODAY to discuss our bipartisan resolution to establish a special committee to investigate the USOC & USA Gymnastics to get Nassar survivors the answers they deserve. Tune in at 9:10AM.pic.twitter.com/uDLqfgGs5O Sadly, even children are affected by the opioid crisis. This new study shows the # of kids sent to pediatric intensive care units doubled between 2004 and 2015. We need broad participation in drug take-back programs & prevention education.  Today I led a letter to the President urging him to hold two recently captured ISIS fighters accountable for the murders of American citizens, including NH resident James Foley. My full letter w/ @SenatorHassan & @SenBillNelson on behalf of the victims’ families here:pic.twitter.com/BdFjrLliHX NEW: @SenatorShaheen and @SenatorHassan of #NH join @SenBillNelson of #FL in sending letter to @POTUS. They say two #ISIS members captured in #Syria should stand trial for torture and murder of four American journalists, including NH resident James Foley. This morning, I joined @SenatorShaheen to tour @FITNH and talk to women who shared their stories of addiction and recovery.  As Mayor, I continue to remain dedicated to helping combat this epidemic and am grateful to everyone who has worked to provide care to those who need it.pic.twitter.com/e7Q5LLwo4u The Trump admin’s offshore drilling proposal is a direct threat to our regional economy & small businesses, & could do real harm to the environment. Today in Concord, starting at 3pm, there’s an opportunity for Granite Staters to make their voices heard.   Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act has helped nearly 11,000 Granite Staters access treatment for substance use disorders. I encourage you all to take some time and read Brian’s letter in the @NashuaTelegraph.  … It’s completely backward that middle-class families are funding a tax cut for big pharmaceutical companies. We must pass the End Taxpayers Subsidies for Drug Ads Act.   President Trump’s plan to impose steep steel and aluminum tariffs could negatively impact every sector of New Hampshire’s economy. My statement:pic.twitter.com/3LJZdHWiIv Proud to see the future USS Manchester delivered to the Navy. I look forward to the ship’s commissioning in Portsmouth!  The US Olympic Committee did nothing to prevent Larry Nassar from abusing U.S. gymnasts. I applaud @Aly_Raisman for pursuing accountability. Congress must be an ally in this fight and rigorously investigate and help change the culture at USOC … I was pleased to receive assurances from Trump admin nominee Kevin Moley to support Foley family plea and bring the killers of their son to justice.pic.twitter.com/Nh3G37nGpo Supporting the integrity of the State Department is a strong, bipartisan effort. Agree w/ @LindseyGrahamSC: our diplomats are absolutely critical to addressing our global challenges. We should support our career diplomatic corps, not hollow it out.  … Proud to stand with @SenatorShaheen @SenatorHassan & @RepSheaPorter in support of restoring #NetNeutrality protections. A free and open internet is critical for Granite State consumers and small businesses. Read more in @NHBR  … #SaveTheInternet Delighted former #USSenate colleagues have re-established the Senate #NATO Observers Group, demonstrating the deep bipartisan support @NATO enjoys across our nation. My team and I will assist @SenatorShaheen & @SenThomTillis in this important effort.  pic.twitter.com/CIQ92efy5r Glad to join @margbrennan for a discussion on women’s contributions to peace & security at the @CFR_org this morning.pic.twitter.com/DLq1i41hEr U.S. Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun’s resignation is long overdue. My statement:pic.twitter.com/x3pviSnLfH When we lift up women, we lift up families, and we lift up everybody. It was great to join @SenatorHassan on @WMUR9 to discuss the progress we’ve made in New Hampshire. … Joining w/ @SenThomTillis to launch the Senate NATO Observer Group. The NATO Observer Group will serve as a focal point for engagement between NATO & the Senate as these institutions strengthen transatlantic bonds & modernize NATO to respond to hybrid warfare & other threats.pic.twitter.com/GjBe1u4B6P We owe it to the next generation to protect our air, water and land & fight climate change. That’s always been a top priority for me & I’m proud to have a perfect score on the 2017 @LCVoters scorecard. Take a look:  Happy birthday to my friend and fellow Granite Stater in the Senate, @SenatorHassan!pic.twitter.com/azMIABYn3I #NetNeutrality is the key to a free & open internet. We can’t allow the Trump admin to rig the internet against NH rural communities & small biz. I’ll keep fighting for a level playing field for all small biz & work to safeguard #netneutrality protections.pic.twitter.com/zZwowjyW71 Glad to see the @DeptofDefense & @StateDept take action to combat Russian interference in US elections. I fought to free these funds to support this initiative & protect our democracy. This is an important step, but more work remains to protect the 2018 elections. … This further underscores the need for a special committee to investigate the USOC. Victims want answers from the institution that failed to protect them. USOC operates under a federal charter— the Senate has a responsibility to act.  This partnership between the Dept of Defense, VA, DEKA & @NextStepBandP is a great example of the public & private sectors working together on a solution for the greater good. Congrats to Dean Kamen and all who contributed for your ingenious work The Luke arm promises new freedom for those who have lost an arm. This is particularly promising for the men & women of our military who have paid a tremendous sacrifice for their country. … These reports are disturbing. USA Swimming should have taken action, but it appears they did nothing. We need a special committee, as called for by my colleagues @SenJoniErnst and @SenatorShaheen, to investigate these failures. … #NetNeutrality repeal is now going into effect. This is a real threat to business innovation in NH and the consumer experience online. I’m backing bipartisan legislation to reverse this Trump administration decision & protect a free and open internet. … What a game! A huge congrats to @UofNH grad @kbells22 & @NHSHuskies grad @cayla_barnes27 on their historic victory over Canada last night to win Olympic gold. You’ve thrilled NH and the nation. We’re all so proud! Moms in Recovery program is saving lives every day. Thrilled that fed resources provided through 21st Century Cures Act are helping expand this program across NH. This is why I fought for funding to be included in CURES. Fed dollars being put to good use: … Big congrats to Andy Soucy on his announced retirement. Andy has used music to inspired & enrich students for 46 years at @Londonderry_lhs. Andy has built one of the nation's best music programs. Thank you for your dedication & belief in your students  … Discussing Russian interference in our democracy at @ISTS_Dartmouth. Our challenge is to fully understand Russia’s attack on our democracy, expose Putin’s methods, tactics, and strategy, & do what's necessary to ensure it doesn’t happen again #nhpoliticspic.twitter.com/ekCUG7YfPo Happening TODAY: U.S.@SenatorShaheen's @dartmouth: 11 AM - Tuesday, February 20th at Alumni Hall @HopkinsCenter  "Russian Interference in American Politics and Cyber Threats to Our Democracy.”   … … #CyberSecurity #Hacking #security #cyberRisk #disruptionpic.twitter.com/A5ju5V5c1w Agree w/ Trump admin’s @Surgeon_General on need for multi-pronged approach to the opioid crisis including housing support. Hope @RealDonaldTrump is listening. Despite studies, commissions & recommendations, Trump admin has yet to take significant action … Spending $30 Million on an unnecessary military parade is just obscene. This funding would be much better spent helping treatment providers & first responders who are often overwhelmed as they battle the opioid epidemic. President Trump promised help--time to deliver #nhpolitics .@realDonaldTrump has just acknowledged Russia’s attacks on the US. There are no excuses for not imposing sanctions that Congress passed almost unanimously. Indictment paints disturbing picture of Kremlin methods. It’s time to demonstrate to Putin that we won’t stand for this. My heart goes out to the Parkland community as they endure this horrific tragedy. We cannot allow this to continue to be the status quo. Congress has a responsibility to take action and help keep guns out of the wrong hands. Still just kids on the beach. Happy Valentine’s Day, Billy.pic.twitter.com/aUiayrBXru Today more women serve in the U.S. Senate than ever before. Happy #GalentinesDay from all of us!pic.twitter.com/4EtA9zUjNT Today's @BEA_News preliminary report proves what NH already knows: outdoor rec is a powerful & growing sector of our economy. My bill required this regular report by law so policy makers will continue to have up-to-date data to make informed decisions about our economy & enviro. … .@BLittle14 & Bobby Butler take the ice tonight for #TeamUSA men’s hockey against Slovenia. The Rindge community and @UofNH will be cheering extra loud for you!pic.twitter.com/7DTDkspxvQ Tonight’s the night: @MikaelaShiffrin goes for gold. You may be a Coloradan, Mikaela, but NH and specifically the Lyme community are still very proud to count you as one of our own. Good luck tonight! #TeamUSApic.twitter.com/OmBHQ1klbl #TeamUSA defeats the Olympic Athletes from Russia, 5-0, to secure a spot in the semifinals! #WinterOlympics   Full recap to follow   pic.twitter.com/k1vSvdJXnu Cheering on #TeamUSA women’s hockey at 7:10AM EST as they take on the Olympic athletes from Russia. NH is rooting extra loud for @UofNH grad @kbells22 & @NHSHuskies grad @cayla_barnes27!pic.twitter.com/dDyiRMmL4u Good luck @idasargent & @dophed, two proud @dartmouth grads, in your race later today! NH is rooting for you & so proud to have you represent the Granite State for #TeamUSA in Cross-Country Skiing!pic.twitter.com/b4EeCsYN6a Very proud of #TeamUSA biathletes and @dartmouth grads Emily Dreissigacker and @SusanDunklee & @UofNH grad @BiathleteEgan for fighting hard in their competitions this weekend.pic.twitter.com/tf1Lxu2Owf ICYMI @SenJoniErnst & I penned an op-ed for the @UnionLeader & @DMRegister on the need for a special committee to investigate the USOC & USA Gymnastics. There needs to be accountability & justice for our young Olympians.   Looking forward to seeing Patrick (Lyme), Sean (Center Conway), Broc (Rindge) & Eric (Pelham) represent the Granite State in the @Olympics Opening Ceremony tonight! ALL of NH is excited to cheer for you & #TeamUSA!pic.twitter.com/RoASGjH8NJ Reports that the Trump administration has halted its investigation into Equifax--whose data breach put more than 145 million Americans at risk -- are alarming. That’s why I joined @SenBrianSchatz to ask for much-needed answers. Our letter:pic.twitter.com/kWGhyvqNQc We are proud to support this decision and uphold transparency, accountability for institutions, and justice for all survivors. … We must hold institutions accountable to address & end sexual violence. We stand with all survivors abused by Larry #Nassar & Stand with @SenatorShaheen & @SenJoniErnst in calling for an investigation of #USOC & #usagymnastics  … The @StateDept released it’s 6-month review of the Global Gag Rule implementation. The Trump admin’s reckless decision to reinstate & expand this dangerous policy demonstrates a shallow understanding of women’s health & puts women and families’ lives at stake around the globe. .@USDOL hid evidence showing the Trump admin proposal to change tip rules would allow employers to possibly steal billions from workers. That is unconscionable. Today I called on @SecretaryAcosta w/@SenateDems to share all info w/ the public & prioritize transparency:pic.twitter.com/LjkQmhyNFQ Last night, @SenatorShaheen and I spoke with @marthamaccallum about our call for a special committee to investigate the US Olympic Committee & USA Gymnastics and the importance of getting answers for the abused and their families. Watch:  "This is not a simple case of negligence or failed oversight," @SenatorShaheen said of Nassar's abuse. Survivors' parents say to @NorahODonnell on @CBSThisMorning "there's so much more to this that needs to be found out"  pic.twitter.com/W34vzaUKBV I joined @SenJoniErnst, @SenatorShaheen in a resolution establishing a Senate investigation into U.S Olympic Committee, USA Gymnastics.  pic.twitter.com/fQGcjRVMO1 Lives are at stake and we can’t afford to delay delivering resources any longer. President Trump needs to begin helping, not hindering efforts to reach bipartisan agreements in Congress, and follow through on his promise to help end this epidemic. Much more needs to be done to provide substance use disorder treatment to those who desperately need it. We still need a federal response to this epidemic that matches the national public health emergency we are facing. THREAD: Today’s budget agreement will substantially increase federal support for NH’s efforts to fight the opioid epidemic. It's the product of good faith bipartisan negotiations which I hope will continue to further address the opioid crisis & other challenges facing the nation. WATCH LIVE: @SenatorShaheen & I are unveiling our bipartisan resolution to establish a special committee to investigate U.S. Olympic Committee & USA Gymnastics following Nassar's decades of abuse.  … Look forward to joining @SenJoniErnst and @SenatorShaheen this morning for this important announcement. … At 11AM, @SenJoniErnst & I will announce our bipartisan resolution to establish a special committee to investigate the US Olympic Committee and USA Gymnastics. Survivors deserve answers & there must be institutional accountability. Tune in here:   This is disgraceful. R's & D's have been meeting for weeks to reach agreement on opioid & military funding, a long term budget, protections for DREAMers & other key priorities. President should help reach agreement, not cheerlead a government shutdown … New START is another shining example of diplomacy at work, making our country & world much safer. I look forward to working on the agreement’s extension through my position on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. … Granite Staters understand the importance of climate change and its impact on our lives. We need someone with expertise in this important position. … JUST NOW: @SenatorShaheen visits the upgraded and redesigned Women’s Health Clinic at @VAManchester #nhpolitics #Veteranspic.twitter.com/2mmNKnRx40 Congrats to the @Eagles. Enjoy the victory. We'll be back next year. #NotDone #GoPats It’s game day! Ready for history to repeat itself in another Pats-Eagles #SuperBowl #GoPats #NotDone Congrats to all the NH Job Corps graduates & the educators and family members who’ve helped them along the way.  I admire your success and achievement. This is just the beginning – NH expects big things from you!pic.twitter.com/68vnR3URJI If reports are true that US Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun knew of Larry Nassar’s abuse in 2015, @SenJoniErnst and I are calling for him to step down. This further highlights the need for a Senate special committee to investigate USOC & USA Gymnastics. Concerned for the thousands unjustly jailed across Turkey, including Taner Kilic, head of Amnesty International in Turkey. He's being held without a shred of evidence. His recent release & re-arrest is cruel & further highlights the lack of due process .@realDonaldTrump’s decision to declassify the partisan memo, made in cooperation w/ Congressional Republicans, is a dangerous attack on our justice system and the rule of law. Patriotic Rs & Ds must unite & defend the independence of @TheJusticeDept & @FBI. My statement:pic.twitter.com/8UCbL7ZHgL Encouraging news last night for the NH Indonesian community. I appreciate that time has been provided to reopen these cases. These families fled persecution and have become integral members of our society. I’ll keep urging the Admin. to do the right thing & let them stay in NH. … I congratulate Tom Shannon on his announced retirement & 35yrs of outstanding service. Tom’s expertise & knowledge have been a great asset to the State Dept, Congress & WH. He leaves behind a legacy. Hope more will be done by this Admin to preserve what’s left of Foreign Service I met w/ 3 of the brave gymnasts who testified against Nassar & promised to keep fighting for a bipartisan special committee w/ @SenJoniErnst to investigate USOC & USA Gymnastics. This news underscores the need for a special committee. There must be institutional accountability. … Disappointed to see the administration once again propose reckless cuts to EERE. Energy efficiency is America’s largest energy resource, contributing more to our nation’s energy needs over the last 40 years than any other fuel source. … The world is watching the protests and treatment of activists like Alexei Navalny. Every society should honor their citizens w/ the right to free speech & assembly, and all leadership should be held accountable under the rule of law. … Thank you to all who wore a purple ribbon at the #SOTU to bring awareness to substance use disorder & the ongoing opioid crisis. I hope @POTUS will match his words w/action. As always, I stand ready to work w/ him & deliver resources to the frontlines.  Hoping everyone traveling to the Republican retreat is safe & that there are no injuries from the accident. Thoughts are with everyone on the train & at the incident. … The President must finally begin fulfilling his promise to deliver treatment resources to NH & the country. Words are not enough to address the opioid epidemic. My statement on the #SOTU  … Tonight, I’m proud to show my support at #SOTU for 2 very important causes: a #TimesUp pin in solidarity w/every American fighting to end sexual harassment in the workplace, & a purple ribbon to raise awareness for those affected by the devastating opioid epidemicpic.twitter.com/FmPq6LQ8v9 Joining @SenatorShaheen & @SenatorHassan in wearing a purple ribbon during #SOTU to raise awareness about the opioid epidemic. It's disappointing that @POTUS declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency, but then did virtually nothing. #AYearofTrumppic.twitter.com/vSX9FntzOk On my way to #SOTU. I'm wearing a purple ribbon tonight in honor of those suffering at the hands of the #OpioidCrisis. Addiction touches all of us and it's time for real action to address this public health crisis.pic.twitter.com/eYINDYiKoP Tonight I’m joining my friends and colleagues @SenatorShaheen and @SenatorHassan in wearing a purple ribbon to the #SOTU to raise awareness about our country’s devastating opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/nxacvQfuCa .@edatpost on purple ribbon @Sen_JoeManchin was wearing: The purple ribbon is for essentially those lawmakers concerned about the opioid crisis in this country. Obviously, it's a big concern in states like West Virginia.  pic.twitter.com/VF6kg0Hem1 We cannot leave communities suffering from the #OpioidCrisis without help and without hope. Tonight, I am wearing this purple ribbon to the #SOTU to raise awareness about this national epidemic. I won’t stop fighting for funding for prevention and treatment programs.pic.twitter.com/XjeNl6vkA8 Fellow senators Hassan & Shaheen of New Hampshire invited me to join them in wearing this ribbon…   Tonight, @SenatorShaheen and I are wearing purple ribbons to the #SOTU to highlight the need to provide more federal resources and step up efforts to combat the opioid crisis.pic.twitter.com/mzqP5dH1cE The 2018 elections are in Putin’s crosshairs yet Trump admin has yet to issue ANY new sanctions authorized by nearly unanimously-passed bipartisan law. Instead of action, a list of Russians was cut & pasted from the internet& sent to Congress. Disgraceful! … .@SenFeinstein’s bill will help ensure serial predators like Larry Nassar are stopped, prosecuted & made to answer for their crimes. Additionally, the Senate should create a special committee to investigate the USOC & USA Gymnastics. My statement:pic.twitter.com/l7umn7PLog TUNE IN at 9 am: I'll join @BPC_Bipartisan to talk about how the financial system and @SBAgov can better serve #MainStreet and #SmallBiz. #BPCLive … .@SenatorShaheen & law enforcement officials sound alarm re: potential budget cut that could decimate regional anti-drug efforts  … #nhpolitics via @AdamSextonWMURpic.twitter.com/nght5Mw0vs .@SenateGOP ’s latest attack on women’s reproductive health to take away their choice and agency is something right out of a @HandmaidsOnHulu. Watch my full remarks here:   I'll be wearing a purple ribbon during the President's State of the Union to raise awareness about the opioid epidemic & substance use disorders. This is an important opportunity to send the message that more must be done to address this crisis.pic.twitter.com/2ag94G8JzP Congrats @DPLNH for being honored w/ a Special Recognition Award for your hard work providing passport services for NH residents. Great to see Cathy Beaudoin & Susan Dunker in Washington to celebrate this achievement & shine a spotlight on community services at Dover Library.pic.twitter.com/OR6x1qvUhK "It hits everybody," Jeanne Moser said of the loss of her son to a drug overdose in 2015. Listen to a gripping first-hand account, via @caseymcdermott for NHPR's #Crossroad #opioid report.   Moser is Sen. Shaheen's guest for the President's #SOTU speech:   pic.twitter.com/PttVSavF4H Appreciate the update from our federal & local officials at the New England HIDTA HQ on regional efforts to reduce trafficking and demand of illicit drugs. I’ll keep fighting to secure law enforcement the resources they need to stem the tide of this crisis.pic.twitter.com/WbQF3qXiON .@SenatorShaheen receives a briefing on efforts to combat drug trafficking from state & federal law enforcement officials at the New England HIDTA Headquarters #nhpolitics #WMURpic.twitter.com/MigVzhsgEl I agree with @SenatorShaheen. We need a Senate investigation to understand how this decades-long pattern of sexual assault against young gymnasts could have gone on and on. We should be supportive of our young athletes in this country, not allow them to be horribly exploited. … NEW: @SenatorShaheen - in calling for a congressional investigation into @TeamUSA @USAGym - tells @ConMonitorNews "unless they are pushed, they are not going to make the kind of reforms that are necessary"  … #nhpolitics #NassarSentencingpic.twitter.com/uKsgr5wIyr Had to stop by Blue Dolphin Screenprint & Embroidery in Somersworth to check out the AFC Championship shirts for myself! Congrats to Peter & Jay for being selected (again!) to print for the @Patriots. … NOW: the money shot of @SenatorShaheen showing off the @Patriots AFC Championship t-shirt where they were made, at Blue Dolphin Screenprint & Embroidery in Somersworth #nhpolitics #Patriots #SuperBowl2018pic.twitter.com/OEW60IHiwM .@CecileRichards, for more than a decade you’ve fought to ensure women from all walks of life have accessible & affordable healthcare. You’re a champion for women’s reproductive freedom. Thank you for your service at @PPFA & for your tireless advocacy on behalf of women’s health. … Glad to join NH education & biz leaders at @NHCUC’s NH Forum on the Future breakfast to discuss priorities for NH & country that Congress must prioritize in a long-term funding bill, from funding a response to the opioid epidemic to investing in our workforce.pic.twitter.com/c3OcLUBSrb Never too young to be an #entrepreneur! Congratulations to Dover’s Anna Blanchette on your TV debut. Thanks for caring for our environment  and keep up the good work. #STEM … I'm joining @SenatorShaheen in calling for a Select Committee to investigate the U.S. Olympic Committee & USA Gymnastics over decades of sexual abuse … Encouraged to have @SenJoniErnst’s support to establish investigation into the US Olympic Cmte & USA Gymnastics. We will soon be introducing a Senate resolution to establish a Select Committee to Investigate Sexual Abuse Within US Olympic Gymnastics.  The OSC report is alarming & highlights the importance of their investigation. @DeptVetAffairs must take immediate action.  I hope ongoing investigations will shed more light – our veterans deserve the best & most accessible care. I won’t accept anything less. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/hKrc1w5c7w We need a Select Comte. to investigate the US Olympic Committee & USA Gymnastics now. These orgs created the perfect environment for a predator. Those abused by Nassar deserve answers. We risk the safety of others w/o institutional accountability. My letter to Senate Leadership:pic.twitter.com/z79YnEdr8w U.S. senator calls for congressional probe into USOC, USA Gymnastics over handling of Larry Nassar  .@SenatorShaheen, who led calls to ban Kaspersky products: "I fear that access to our security infrastructure - whether it be overt or covert - by adversaries may have already opened the door to harmful security vulnerabilities." … Absolutely. I will be calling for appropriate subpoena power to secure all necessary internal communications. @Aly_Raisman & all abused deserve answers.  … I agree w/ @sallyjenx. I'm drafting a letter to Senate leadership calling for an immediate investigation into how these horrific abuses were allowed to happen. … Today I spoke on the Senate floor opposing Alex Azar for @HHSGov. The Trump admin is failing to act on the opioid epidemic or drug prices, which the nomination of a big pharma exec for this critical role demonstrates. Watch my full remarks here:   Congrats @SenDuckworth! Sending well-wishes to you, Bryan and Abigail on your growing family! … It’s been 1 year since the Trump admin reinstated & expanded the global gag rule. I wrote legislation to permanently repeal this ill-conceived and dangerous policy. I’ll keep fighting to reverse this reckless decision that puts women & families’ health at stake around the globe. … Long live Tom Brady … My statement w/ @SenatorHassan on our efforts to forge an agreement to reopen the government as part of bipartisan senate caucus formed by @SenatorCollins #nhpoliticspic.twitter.com/UkKr6JC24o Here's an update on my efforts to find bipartisan common ground to end the government shutdown. I'm working with a group formed by @SenatorCollins of Republicans & Democrats. There's much work to be done but we're making progress:  … Moderates move to break shutdown logjam  pic.twitter.com/rj88H20vgx Heartbreaking reporting on the opioid crisis by @KSeelye. There are 1000's of Patricks throughout NH. His struggle, & his family’s struggle, are important stories to tell & I thank them for sharing. So much more needs to be done to help those suffering. … While I continue to urge Pres Trump & GOP leaders to allow a funding agreement, I’m calling for Congress to maintain military pay & death benefits. Leader McConnell needs to let this @Clairecmc bill move forward. Troops & their families shouldn’t be hurt by #TrumpShutdown My statement with @SenatorHassan on our continued efforts to find bipartisan common ground in the Senate #nhpoliticspic.twitter.com/gBNS9pQjs9 In their latest attack on women’s repro health, @HouseGOP voted to fine & jail healthcare providers for providing essential healthcare to women. That’s shameful. I’ll keep fighting GOP efforts to roll back women’s repro freedom. We cannot compromise the progress we’ve made. Gutting fed office charged w/ coordinating response to opioid crisis & disrupting drug interdiction program is unconscionable. After 1 year, Trump admin has only paid lip service to responding to this epidemic. Instead, proposing very damaging policies: … Today I led the NH delegation in a letter to @DeptofDefense & ATSDR to request that Pease Int’l Tradeport be included in the 1st-ever nationwide health impact study on PFAS in drinking water. Pease inspired my legislation to establish this study & I’ll fight to have it included.pic.twitter.com/fZ9lb5LGtF We need to know the full impact of the net neutrality repeal on NH rural communities & small biz, which often have limited & high cost options for broadband service. That’s why I sent a letter to the Government Accountability Office requesting a study to get the answers we need.pic.twitter.com/prRUFrB9f1 This milestone is a testament to both the scale of the opioid crisis & the incredible response from @ManchesterFD/@MFDSafeStation & their partners to meet the tremendous need in the community. Thank you for all you do!  … Glad to meet with Dr. MacDonald, the new co-chair of the VA NH Vision 2025 Task Force, w/ @SenatorHassan & @RepAnnieKuster about how to ensure the VA can best deliver a full range of care services to NH veterans.pic.twitter.com/DarDYbL3gr I will vote no on the House CR. This is no way to run a government. Time to keep our promises. Congress must fund a response to the opioid epidemic, children’s health care, community health centers, end the defense sequester & fix DACA. These short-term bills hurt our country. WATCH: Full interview with @SenatorShaheen on #AMR @MSNBC  Coming up on #AMR: @SenSanders @SenatorShaheen @rickwtyler @jmclaughlinSAIS @DonnaFEdwards @agearan @peterbakernyt and more on @MSNBC. Tune in! U.S. foreign assistance is less than 1% of the budget but feeds millions, educates, protects women & children, and helps ensure security in fragile regions.Any decision to rescind humanitarian aid is irresponsible & risks a host of unintended consequences … I continue to raise the degradation of American diplomacy with Sec. Tillerson. The experience and skills of our top diplomats will not be easily replaced. Worried these actions will have long term impact on US standing in the world. … Today @SenatorHassan & I urged Senate leadership to include our proposal for an additional $25 billion to combat the opioid epidemic in a gov’t funding agreement. NH providers, first responders & law enforcement need these dollars to match the scope of this crisis.pic.twitter.com/Ezqjc2NIxH Grateful to be with Rev. Hilson & North Church community in Portsmouth this afternoon to honor Dr. King’s life and legacy & remember the American heroes who led the civil rights movement and pushed our country forward. #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/wTYvti63Ql As a student & teacher in MS during the civil rights movement, #MLKDay is personal for me. To honor Dr. King and all the heroic men & women who fought beside him, we must continue to fight to protect the civil liberties & equal rights of those in NH and across the country. This is completely unacceptable. This agency plays an important role in the federal response to the opioid epidemic. Now more than ever we need qualified experienced professionals at the helm of ONDCP. … I spoke w/ @soledadobrien on @MatterofFacttv about what Congress needs to do to combat the opioid epidemic & my efforts to secure more resources for those on the frontlines of this public health crisis. You can watch on @WMUR9 at 10:30 this am Excited for the @Patriots game today! 3 more wins until Brady & Belicheck get their 6th ring! #NotDone #GoPats Great to speak with Winnisquam students today & TY to the Tilton PD for partnering w/ the community on the LEAD drug prevention program. So important that we inform our students of the risks of drugs & substance misuse before it happens.pic.twitter.com/fB3QODM1bd Women #entrepreneurs are the country’s greatest untapped economic resource, but the gov’t & private sector must work together to tear down the hurdles facing #WomenInBiz. Op-ed in @Forbes: … Started my morning speaking w/ @MikePompNH on @981WTSN. We discussed my efforts in Congress to secure resources to combat the opioid epidemic & the Trump admin's dangerous & irresponsible offshore drilling plan that threatens NH's Seacoastpic.twitter.com/N4meCHsTER What she said … Our democracy is being tested. Our law enforcement agencies are being tested. Our responsibility is clear – to come together across party lines & defend the independence of DOJ & FBI and demand that Special Counsel Mueller complete his investigation w/o political interference. The FBI has thwarted >720 potential acts of terrorism in the last year. I have the utmost confidence in the FBI & Special Counsel Mueller. And so should the President. The FBI continues to be the gold standard for law enforcement agencies worldwide. The 37K employees of the FBI put their lives on the line every day to protect the American people from violent criminals, terrorist & foreign agents who mean the US harm.pic.twitter.com/jeP4byS02B Discrediting & deflecting the ongoing investigations into Russian meddling by Congressional Republicans & the President are an affront to our democratic institutions, particularly the partisan assaults lobbed at Special Counsel Mueller & FBI. When Mr. Mueller was appointed special counsel in May, he was greeted with bipartisan praise for his integrity and professionalism.pic.twitter.com/Eakmz1iR43 W/o a strong US response, institutions & elections here and throughout Europe will remain vulnerable to the Kremlin’s malign influence operations. We absolutely know that Russia interfered in our elections. That is a fact. Partisan attacks from the President & his admin dismissing interference compromises our national security & protection of future elections. The bedrock of democracy is rule of law & it’s imperative that DOJ, law enforcement agencies & federal prosecutors can do their jobs, independently w/o interference. THREAD: I’m on the Senate floor speaking out against recent partisan attacks on the integrity of the men and women of the DOJ & FBI and Special Counsel Mueller:  … Joined @SoledadObrien this morning for an important conversation on @MatterofFacttv about the opioid epidemic and the need to get funding to states like NH that are reeling. I'm calling for $25B in fed budget agreement. Tune in Sunday on @WMUR9 & @Hearst stationspic.twitter.com/W2eGgLASoa I’m proud to stand with NH students. Silencing them is not the answer. This kind of voter disenfranchisement sends a message to young people that they’re not welcome in NH. How about Republicans in NH appeal to the youth vote in NH rather than trying to purge them from the rolls? The Trump admin shuttered its voter fraud commission because there was no case to be made for widespread fraud in NH or any other state. It’s time for Republicans in Concord to do likewise & cease attacks on students’ right to vote. Lack of trust in our elections comes from politicians misleading the public, not students exercising their right to vote. THREAD: Efforts by Republicans in NH legislature to bar NH students from voting is unacceptable and runs counter to our democratic principles & longstanding electoral history. NH has more fentanyl overdose deaths per capita than any other state -- interdiction of fentanyl at the border is absolutely critical to saving lives in NH. Glad to have helped push this bill forward & see it signed into law. This is progress, but more work lies ahead.pic.twitter.com/CgjjuK3jxe Shameful that @SecretaryZinke and the Trump admin are playing politics with the future of our coastal communities. It is unfair to spare only Florida from offshore drilling while subjecting NH & others to the dangerous impacts that will come with this action. A fitting tribute. Thank you, DC City Council … I’m encouraged by the District Court’s decision to temporarily block the Trump admin’s actions to end #DACA, but @POTUS & Congressional Republicans must engage in good faith discussions to reach a long-term bipartisan fix for #Dreamers.pic.twitter.com/eaMnYdP8IJ About to speak with @brikeilarcnn on CNN -- be sure to tune in As Congress continues to negotiate a budget agreement, we cannot shortchange our domestic needs, especially combating the opioid epidemic. $25B will help provide the fed investment we need to stem the tide of this public health crisis.pic.twitter.com/yoWhKaq9PD Senate Dems push for $25 billion to fight opioid epidemic in government funding bill  pic.twitter.com/A6kytJLOjo CDC has confirmed the opioid crisis has reversed the trend of longer life expectancy for 2 years in a row - 1st time since 1950s. We need a strong fed response to turn the tide of this public health emergency. Our $25B proposal would go fund programs that support opioid treatmentpic.twitter.com/7VW4ihbclL .@SenHassan & I are calling for a $25B investment to combat the opioid crisis to be included in the budget agreement currently being negotiated. We must work across the aisle to provide communities the resources they need. You can watch here: … I’ve joined @SenMarkey to demand a vote to preserve #NetNeutrality protections. Small business owners, rural communities and consumers in NH depend on a free and open internet.pic.twitter.com/3jStVR8rWI Congrats to Ambassador Victoria Nuland on being named CEO of @CNASDC – Toria is a strong, effective leader with a distinguished career in public service. Looking forward to our continued work. … It’s been 100 days since #CHIP expired. 9 million children are at risk of losing their health insurance. It’s long past time for Congressional Republicans to #ExtendCHIP … Great meeting with @MayorJoyceCraig this afternoon. Looking forward to working together to implement her vision for Manchester.pic.twitter.com/kYuUKHXy4L Shaheen and Hassan voted against the tax cut bill. "What we got was a bill that was rushed through in the middle of the night," Shaheen says. #nhpolitics #nhprpic.twitter.com/nkYjc3LdjF Shaheen says America should be wary of Russian-backed RT, which has registered as a foreign agent. #nhpolitics #nhprpic.twitter.com/x7MkmrrLgH "We are going to hold Russia accountable for their actions," Shaheen says. "This is not a partisan issue. ... It's about a deliberate effort on the part of Russia to undermine western democracy." Russia blocked a visa for Shaheen, as part of a delegation trip. #nhpoliticspic.twitter.com/EUX2BZJIME Tune in at 9 for our live studio town hall with Sens. Hassan and Shaheen. The budget, immigration, foreign affairs, and the opioid crisis are a few issues likely to come up. You can also watch live here:   #nhpolitics #nhprpic.twitter.com/00mCC1sYeh Meeting with small businesses in Keene to discuss impact of FCC's repeal of #NetNeutrality rules on NH. The FCC's decision hurts #smallbiz owners & consumers and threatens the innovation economypic.twitter.com/hvw4LBZWNW Trump admin’s decision to open nearly all offshore water to drilling is bad for the environment, small businesses, tourism & puts the Seacoast directly at risk. Unconscionable that the admin would side with big oil over preserving our natural resources. … As lead Democrat on DOJ funding subcommittee, I’ll work to ensure that resources are devoted to opioid response NOT foolish policy of interfering with legal marijuana production. My statement:pic.twitter.com/0w9x22ByQg .@POTUS’s decision to dissolve dubious voter fraud commission reaffirms the lack of evidence for widespread voter fraud. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/fMdPqVod80 Urging Granite Staters to stay safe during this storm. Visit   to stay updated and go to   to develop a family emergency plan. Call 211 for shelter & warming center info. #ReadyNH Happy 2018! We have the Afghan Robotics girls here in Bay area to attend the 4th Raw Film Festival to showcase their Robot. Special Thanks to @USEmbassyKabul and @SenatorShaheen who helped make this happen.pic.twitter.com/W7RTOHTb2r The stalling has got to stop. Time for President Trump to demonstrate real willingness to find a solution for the hundreds of #Dreamers in NH & thousands across the country. They should be allowed to remain with their loved ones & contribute to our country w/o fear Great win by Team USA in the Hockey World Junior quarterfinals! Proud to have Dublin, Rochester & Salem represented on the team … As Manchester’s 1st female mayor @JoyceCraigNH joins NH’s proud legacy of women trailblazers. I want to congratulate Joyce & her family on being sworn-in on this historic day. I’m looking forward to our work together to strengthen Manchester & the region.pic.twitter.com/atuBnGTeHY Congrats to Londonderry HS on performing in the #RoseParade2018! Great to have the Lancers representing NH … NEW: Two GOP senators have canceled an official visit to Russia after the Kremlin denied a visa to Democratic colleague @SenatorShaheen. … Senator Jeanne Shaheen: #MeToo is not enough. Survivors deserve justice in the legal system:  pic.twitter.com/DnyKL6kyKE #HappyHolidays & #MerryChristmas to everyone in NH! I wish everyone a joyous holiday season!pic.twitter.com/RLtbIcvfDU Republican leadership has been focused on a partisan tax bill, yet no broad federal response to the opioid epidemic. Today we learned 63k people died in 2016 from overdoses. Where is the outcry & when will POTUS & Republican leadership act? My remarks:  pic.twitter.com/Qelwmem3U8 I'm encouraged by efforts to allow more humanitarian & commercial assistance into Yemen: … By engaging in needless brinkmanship, GOP leadership is risking healthcare coverage of 9mil children on CHIP & care that thousands of Granite Staters rely on from Community Health Centers. Congress must reauthorize these programs in end-of-year legislation … Agree w/ @MarkWarner & share his concern about reckless voices trying to discredit the special counsel investigation & potential interference by the President. Imperative that there be no obstruction. We need answers about Russian interference in the election. … The CDC’s new report ranks NH as the 3rd highest for overdose mortality rate in the nation. This report is a timely reminder that Congress should provide resources to respond to this epidemic in government funding legislation.pic.twitter.com/FM5waHDMp4 In jamming the tax bill through Congress in the middle of the night, Republican leadership ignored the concerns of the American public. My office has heard from over 5,200 Granite Staters:  91.4% Opposed to the tax bill 8.6% in favor New Magnitsky Act sanctions announced today targeting 5 human rights violators, including Chechen leader and Putin crony Ramzan Kadyrov. It's so important for the U.S. to continue to speak out about human rights violations around the world. … The lack of a consistent ZIP code throughout Swanzey has hindered delivery of mail and services & can delay emergency responders. I intro’d a bill that aims to fix this inconsistency & provide clarity to Swanzey residents.  … Energy efficiency stds have already saved American families & businesses billions on energy bills and are projected to generate $2.4T in benefits by 2035. Irresponsible of the Trump admin to ignore these important regulations. … My response w/ @SenatorHassan @RepAnnieKuster @TeamSheaPorter to NH AG’s decision to not join the lawsuit against the repeal of #NetNeutrality rules. NH should be leading on reinstating rules for a free & open internetpic.twitter.com/zjZAQHU7EG Manchester is leading the way on this vital research. Also a big win for NH’s economy & future. I advocated for this @ARMI_USA investment because I know NH, led by Dean Kamen & UNH, has the expertise to take this challenge head-on. … Along w/ @senorrinhatch, I intro’d a bill to curb student debt. Our legislation holds institutions accountable for the success they promise students who invest their time, money & future in the hopes of attaining a degree   TY Jake & Justin w/ @HOPE4NH for having the courage to share your stories and raising awareness to help prevent substance use. This is such an important conversation to have w/ young Granite Staters.  … Concerned that climate change is not mentioned in @POTUS's National Security Strategy. As Gen Mattis said “Climate change can be a driver of instability and the DOD must pay attention to potential adverse impacts generated by this phenomenon.” … Spent my morning at @MethuenConst learning about the company’s growth & their impressive workforce development initiatives. I'll continue to support similar #smallbiz workforce programs across NHpic.twitter.com/496YSx7dWJ I joined @SenatorHassan @RepAnnieKuster & @TeamSheaPorter in urging AG MacDonald to have NH participate in #NetNeutrality lawsuit. Start-ups & small businesses in NH should be able to use the web to reach consumers throughout the country and world unhinderedpic.twitter.com/40h3DrXPrf Learn more about the challenges #WomenInBiz face as they #TackleTheGenderGap in @SenateSmallBiz new report “Tackling the Gender Gap: What Women #Entrepreneurs Need to Thrive”  pic.twitter.com/xU8nVDoG14 Today is the LAST DAY to sign up for health insurance during the #ACA open enrollment period. Don’t delay, go to   and #GetCoveredpic.twitter.com/zvAiQGrNp8 The person who leads @EPA Chemical Safety Division should be committed to ensuring the safety of Americans & Granite Staters from harmful chemicals like PFOA … .@HHSGov should do the right thing & extend the healthcare enrollment period so that everyone who is in line to purchase insurance can do so. Healthcare is too important. … In today's @UnionLeader I wrote an op-ed on the #GOPTaxBill – Congressional Republicans missed an opportunity to consider tax changes that would truly benefit the middle class, homeowners, students & #smallbiz.  … The FCC’s vote to repeal net neutrality regulations will threaten equal access to an open and free internet. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/RuZLa2sXjA I'm with @SenatorHassan, @SenMarkey & @ChrisVanHollen for a press conference on the need to include funds to combat the opioid epidemic in the year-end spending bill. There’s been far too much lip service paid to defeating the opioid epidemic & it’s time back promises w/resourcespic.twitter.com/rdctADdDyH We will never forget the 26 lives lost at Sandy Hook five years ago. To honor their lives, we need action. We must continue our efforts to end gun violence in this country and keep guns out of the wrong hands. I encourage you to read Salma Hayek's op-ed in the New York Times. Her perseverance and resolve are inspirational. Slowly but surely, women are changing the culture and they’re doing it by speaking up.  Only 2 days left in the #ACA open enrollment period. Tell your family & friends to go to   to review options and #GetCoveredpic.twitter.com/75OdQUAEIR I support Secretary Tillerson’s proposal for talks with North Korea. We must exhaust all non-military options and engage in hard-nosed diplomacy. Shaheen amendment creating national health study on PFC health study moves forward as defense bill is signed into law  … @seacoastonline Doug Jones will make an excellent Senator Wishing a joyous #Hanukkah to everyone celebrating in New Hampshire and around the world! Chag Sameach!pic.twitter.com/UmFsoUSsrJ Also included is my amendment to ban the use of Kaspersky Lab software on all government computers. The case against Kaspersky is well-documented & deeply concerning, & I’ll continue to advocate for measures to strengthen our nation’s cybersecurity.   The defense bill also provides funding for a nationwide health study on the impact of contaminants in drinking water. Seacoast families deserve peace of mind and I’m glad that we can finally move forward with this study.   … Pleased that several key NH priorities were included in the annual defense bill signed into law today, including expanding the HUBZone Program and investments in Pease & PNSY.   