Always a pleasure meeting with Dr. Kevin Fitzgerald, Superintendent of the Caesar Rodney School District, but it’s especially exciting when I get to congratulate him on being named @NASStoday's Superintendent of the Year! The First State and its students are lucky to have himpic.twitter.com/0U3mQ2zigF Today, I had the pleasure of meeting Jevonda from Wilmington (and her proud mom!) who represents the best of the First State. Thank you, Jevonda, for all you do to bring families together and change the lives of children and parents in Delaware  #AdoptionAngelspic.twitter.com/dLonSfFwPw This year alone, we’ve lost more than 100 Delawareans to colorectal cancer. Thank you for all you do to advocate for solutions that will help save lives … Real leaders: 1) tell the truth 2) earn the respect of their peers  @realDonaldTrump still hasn't learned, and it's the reputation of our great country that suffers as a result. … The American people deserve the truth. The Senate must step up now and do what should have been done long ago: protect the Special Counsel's investigation and preserve the rule of law. This project is too important to let trivial politics play a role. I’m leading other @SenateDems in asking @JusticeOIG to investigate the White House’s hand in @GSA’s abrupt decision – after years of work – to reverse course on plans for a new @FBI HQ  …pic.twitter.com/Mg3cQssc4n In the summer of 1991, I was proud to lead a congressional delegation of Vietnam veterans, including the late Senator John McCain, back to Southeast Asia to bring back MIAs. May we honor John’s legacy by continuing our work to bring these heroes home … On #POWMIARecognitionDay, we honor the brave men and woman who never came home. Let us never forget the sacrifices these fallen heroes made and our duty to continue working to bring them back to the country they so bravely servedpic.twitter.com/0Z3VNsKAol I'm proud to work in a bipartisan way to ensure that patients will have more transparency when it comes to the cost of their medical services and procedures. Ensuring that no American falls into poverty because they're sick is not a partisan issue … No American should have to file bankruptcy as a result of a health emergency. The #ACA came a long way in reducing the rates of medical bankruptcies, but there’s always more work to be done … 2,975.   That's how many Americans lost their lives in #HurricaneMaria. We have a moral obligation – not just as public officials but as fellow human beings – to demand answers and uncover the shortcomings that led to far too many preventable deaths so this never happens again … At the very least, we should be able to trust that those who serve in the highest positions in our government will follow the law. Instead, this administration seems to promote a culture where showing that basic level of respect for the American taxpayer is optionalpic.twitter.com/PW9UACuhcS NEWS: Two months after my inquiry, the @US_OSC has confirmed that yet another Trump White House staffer has violated the Hatch Act. This administration's blatant and repeated disregard for the law is astounding and unacceptable. … Common sense polices like my bill with @SenJohnKennedy would phase down this potent greenhouse gas and provide much-needed certainty to American manufacturers trying to export new, cleaner alternative technologies. My statement: … This hurts American exporters and innovation - and is yet another reminder that @realdonaldtrump won’t take even the smallest step to address #climatechange. … It doesn't have to be this way.  Our hearts go out to our neighbors in Aberdeen, Maryland and all those affected by yet another senseless tragedy. … The Senate must act swiftly to pass the America’s Water Infrastructure Act -- my bipartisan bill with @SenJohnBarrasso that funds levee and dam safety programs to better prepare coastal communities for extreme weather events before disaster strikes.  … … I'm pleased to announce, along with my partners @ChrisCoons and @LisaBRochester, another $5.5 million in federal funding for this Sussex County airport that will not only upgrade local facilities but also support Delaware's economy and spur tourismpic.twitter.com/kJ74uAL6Xl Over the past eight years, the @FAANews and Sussex County have invested millions to improve the Delaware Coast Airport in an effort to create a nurturing environment for job creation in the First State and promote infrastructure developmentpic.twitter.com/FRKP9ZrIdy In 2016, I saw a run-down postal carrier annex struggling to meet the needs of Rehoboth Beach. Today, I had the pleasure of touring the facility that will take its place, employing 70 Delawareans and serving many more. I’m proud to have led the efforts to make this day a realitypic.twitter.com/LTV72BxJ7x A wasteful decision. Today’s move by @realDonaldTrump robs the public of millions of dollars in annual royalties and will lead to more needless emissions of a potent greenhouse gas. My full statement:  … … It's simple: When patients fill prescriptions, they should be told if a more affordable medication is available.    Thanks to the bipartisan Patient Right to Know Act, which I was proud to support, patients will now have the information they deserve … Our work is far from over, but the Opioids Crisis Response Act of 2018 is a step in the right direction. I’m proud my colleagues could come together to pass common sense policies that will help those suffering from addiction: … Last month alone, 39 Delawareans lost their lives to opioid-related overdoses. That’s 39 families whose lives will never be the same and 39 deaths that might have been prevented. Enough is enough.pic.twitter.com/5J5fcSmYan There is much more that we need to do, but the bills we passed tonight are a significant step forward as we work to find smart, effective ways to fight this deadly public health crisispic.twitter.com/Nq1Ksiz9PN NEWS: The Senate just overwhelmingly approved legislation that includes two bipartisan bills I co-authored to combat the #opioidcrisis. This epidemic demands that we work together to prevent more tragedies … EPA must enforce the ‘good neighbor’ rule and hold upwind states accountable for their actions. With more than 90 percent of Delaware’s air pollution coming from upwind states, we can’t tackle this problem alone. My full statement:  … Outlining risks to public health, Delaware recently petitioned @EPA to use its authority to crack down on toxic air pollution from upwind states. Today, the Administration used flawed logic to deny our requests - a failure of @EPA to do its job and protect Delaware families Today, more than ever, it's not enough to just celebrate our founding document on #ConstitutionDay. We need to fight together to protect its integrity and the principles enshrined in it My Republican colleagues are right. When credible accusations are made, there are many things a Senate committee should do.   But that list certainly does not include rushing through a nominee to serve a lifetime appointment on our nation's highest court … Passed out of the House yesterday, a major water #infrastructure bill I co-authored means big things for the Port of Wilmington, Delaware jobs, flood protection and safe drinking water. I urge my Senate colleagues to act quickly to pass it. My statement:  …pic.twitter.com/NvO2agMpGw I was honored to present Delaware Volunteer Firefighter Association Ladies’ Auxiliary outgoing president Lynn Warner with a Congressonal Fire Services Certificate for her service to this important organization today. #firefighters #netDE #FirstResponderspic.twitter.com/so7hboK3QT Reducing obesity has long been one of my top priorities in health care. These new figures are deeply troubling. But we can start to reduce this dangerous trend by passing bills like the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act and Reducing Obesity in Youth Act. … I’m joining @SenatorTomUdall, @Defenders and other conservation champions from the Capitol today to fight back against @realdonaldtrump’s relentless attacks on the #EndangeredSpeciesAct. Watch us LIVE here:  … Losing 3,000 fellow Americans during Hurricane Maria was a tragedy – one that could have been avoided.   For the President to call this outcome a “success” is truly despicable. … Over the years we’ve taken meaningful - and bipartisan - steps to reduce #methane – the leaking of which fuels climate change, poses health risks to communities and wastes public resources. My full statement:  … With this latest stunt, @realdonaldtrump continues surrendering to the gravest environmental threat we face, all to make life just a little easier for oil and gas companies. Reversing course now on this pollutant is both dangerous and ignorant. … I’m glad members of both the Senate and House were able to find areas of agreement and reach a compromise on this major bill, bringing us one step closer to seeing the first major #infrastructure bill of this Congress cross the finish line … Last night @SenJohnBarrasso and I reached a deal with House members and filed a major water #infrastructure bill that creates good-paying jobs, incentivizes the use of American-made products and invests in flood control, ports, waterways and outdated drinking water systems This morning, I'm proud to be at the Delaware Military Academy honoring the loved ones we lost and the sacrifices that have been made since. This anniversary reminds us that, despite our differences, Americans pull together in the wake of tragedy and emerge stronger than ever.pic.twitter.com/ypz9DPtAQW On #Sept11th, we come together to remember the heroes we lost on that fateful morning 17 years ago. Today and always, we vow to #NeverForget and to stand strong together in the face of evil One person is lost to suicide every three days in the First State. We can, and must, do better addressing mental health issues for all Delawareans because even one life taken is one too many. … Thank you @UDGlobal for inviting me to speak to students from around the globe, and a special thank you to these future leaders for their hard work and dedication to make the world of tomorrow a better place  … Along with partners @ChrisCoons and @RepLBR I’m asking that the #FarmBill gives new Delaware poultry farmers access to the funding they need to carry out practices that benefit the environment and our economy. Our letter to key congressional negotiators: … Thank you, Hunter, for speaking out about #WhatsAtStake.   Thousands of Delawareans just like this brave 15 year old suffer from asthma made worse by toxic air pollution from other states. But to Brett Kavanaugh, this just isn’t something government should worry about.pic.twitter.com/EtzqC3SQGg The bad news: #Kavanaugh wants to finish what Scott Pruitt started.   The good news: we know that means that he, and his extreme environmental record, can be defeated.   Read my op-ed in @USATODAY about how we can do that again: … Judge #Kavanaugh poses a grave threat to the air we all breathe, the water we all drink and the planet we all share. The American people deserve to know the truth about his environmental record. #WhatsAtStake … "Judge Kavanaugh's environmental record is a compilation of the worst positions. The stakes could not be higher—the future of our planet depends on it." —@SenatorCarper on why we must #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/dhU4SSbUzU .@SenatorCarper kicks off a discussion of why we must #StopKavanaugh to protect our environment. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/LO9IIqGfAN Courage is keeping out of step when everyone else is marching to the wrong tune. @CoryBooker has shown extraordinary courage today. My colleagues and I are proud to follow his leadership. … According to the National Archives, Republicans are demanding the Senate confirm Judge Kavanaugh to a lifetime position on the Supreme Court using a process “that has never happened before.” #WhatAreTheyHiding  …pic.twitter.com/Mxozvz3VUS Any confirmation hearing that fails to include and consider Kavanaugh's complete environmental record from his time in the White House is a hearing that would be uninformed, illegitimate and an abdication of our constitutional duties. #StopKavanaugh … This is troubling. … Late last night, 42,000 documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s record were dumped on Senators to review before his first hearing early this morning.  Republicans are going to great lengths to suppress his record. #WhatAreTheyHiding Today at the Wilmington #LaborDay2018 parade, we celebrated all who fight to make our country a better place to work and raise a family. #NetDEpic.twitter.com/l2HUK9AY8B The bill I introduced along with @SenateDems colleagues strengthens workers' rights to collectively bargain for wages - helping to expand the American middle class and provide families with much-needed financial security.   … #LaborDay Strong unions are essential to defending workers' wages and safety. Today, too many hard-working Americans who helped build this country struggle to make ends meet. And @realdonaldtrump has given an even bigger cut of corporate profits to wealthy executives and shareholders To @realdonaldtrump we can afford hundreds of billions to fund stock buybacks, but we can't find the money for a promised cost of living pay raise for hardworking public servants - 3,000 of whom serve right here in Delaware. … We can all be grateful that John McCain answered our nation's call to serve. And serve us he did, like few others have. Now that he has left this world for another, we can truly honor John's legacy by working to emulate his selflessness and his example If I had one wish, it would be that we could have somehow squeezed all of America into the National Cathedral today to hear about John's courage, his love for our nation and his desire for us to be ever better John would be the first to tell you he was far from perfect. None of us is. But he was certainly a leader for the ages. It was my privilege to serve with him during the war in Southeast Asia, in the House and in the Senate, and it was an honor to say a final goodbye to him today All Delawareans deserve to know that the water coming out of their tap is clean and safe to drink. That’s why I’ve authored and am working to pass a bipartisan bill that would upgrade our drinking water infrastructure: … To the residents of Lewes: my staff and I are closely monitoring this situation and stand ready to help if federal assistance is needed. For now, please be sure to follow the guidelines issued by @Delaware_DHSS. You can learn more here: … It is crazy to allow the @NRA to write the rules on our children’s classroom safety. Betsy DeVos should be listening to teachers who overwhelmingly oppose this irresponsible idea. Today, I joined colleagues to urge @usedgov to abandon this proposal: … Our nation’s teachers need more school supplies, not firearms. This latest proposal from @BetsyDeVosED endangers our students, ignores serious solutions and runs counter to what these grants are designed for … RT ocean champion @SenatorCarper: @EPA’s plan to abandon these life-saving restrictions is egregious even by Trump standards - and would needlessly expose American families to serious harm … A bipartisan coalition of lawmakers along with major utility groups support this successful rule to limit pollution of known neurotoxins and breathing hazards like mercury and arsenic. This shouldn’t be hard. My full release: … .@EPA’s plan to abandon these life-saving restrictions is egregious even by Trump standards - and would needlessly expose American families to serious harm … We've introduced legislation to recoup millions of wasted federal funds spent on frivolous luxuries because one of the most sacred responsibilities public officials have is to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars. And that's exactly what we intend to do. … Former Trump cabinet members, like Tom Price and Scott Pruitt, were able to squander millions of dollars without consequence at the expense of the taxpayer. Well, today @maziehirono, @SenWarren and @SenGaryPeters are joining me in saying enough is enough. Time and time again, Trump Administration officials have taken advantage of taxpayer dollars for things like unnecessary charted flights, lavish vacations, fancy office furniture, and even the not so occasional "tactical pants and polos." … .@realDonaldTrump's #JunkPlans would eliminate life-saving protections for Delawareans with pre-existing conditions and allow insurance agencies to deny coverage for critical health services like Emergency room visits Maternal care Substance abuse treatment    #WhatsAtStake This administration's rule expanding short-term plans is yet another deeply flawed effort to sabotage the individual market and raise premiums. I'm proud to join @SenatorBaldwin and 29 of my Democratic colleagues in working to #ProtectOurCare. … At an EPW hearing on possible re-location of FBI headquarters and whether @realdonaldtrump was involved in the decision, I told @FBI and @GSA witnesses “The way that you are answering simply encourages suspicion.” @GSA_OIG's new report confirms those fears … I want answers from the Trump administration on the conditions of its ICE detention facilities. This is not something we can allow to happen to children, let alone in America. … One child hurt by mercury pollution is one too many. Last week I demanded @EPA keep a mercury pollution rule in place, and today I introduced a bill with @SenatorCollins to help the government #TrackMercury and better understand how to protect families … The federal response to Hurricane Maria failed our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico. We can and must do more to prepare for disasters and help families remain safe in the aftermath. … Around the world people are rightly mourning the passing of a hero, John McCain.   We will not let a lone act of pettiness and insecurity take away from the legacy of a man who served our country with honor and distinction for over 60 years. … .@SenJohnMcCain was an American war hero but also a champion for diplomacy. It was an honor to serve alongside him in Congress and work together on normalizing relations between the U.S. and Vietnam. We will all miss his unwavering leadership and integrity. … My heart breaks for #Jacksonville as the country watches another devastating scene of gun violence unfold. Thinking of the victims and their families, and the brave first responders.  To my colleagues in Congress: something must change. It’s hard to imagine the Senate, let alone our nation, without @SenJohnMcCain . But I for one will always remember his principled leadership. May we all try to be a little more like him. .@EPWDems and I are demanding to see all environmental documents from Brett Kavanaugh’s time in the White House. How can we be expected to carry out our constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on this #SCOTUS nominee without a full picture? #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/n27Pj0dh2c Let’s be honest. The #DirtyPowerPlan from this administration isn’t a ‘replacement.’    It's a retreat.pic.twitter.com/zG4iKwHMiG For a Tennessee Republican and Delaware Democrat who for years pushed @EPA to regulate mercury pollution from power plants, this rule was a long time coming. And for American public health, it needs to stay in place. My letter with @SenAlexander:  … … Amazed at the unwavering strength of my friend and colleague, @SenJohnMcCain. My thoughts and prayers are with John and his family during this trying time. … Today I led @EPWDems in demanding documents from Brett Kavanaugh’s time in the White House pertaining to his environmental record. We can’t possibly carry out our constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on this #SCOTUS nominee without a full picture of #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/JnY5T3AlHf Tonight, I voted to block another pathetic attempt to defund @PPFA here in the Senate. It's simple: families in Delaware and across the country rely on @PPFA for primary and preventive care and I'll keep fighting against dangerous attacks like this that threaten those families. I'm proud to work with @SenatorDurbin to #protectstudents and #veterans from predatory #4profit colleges. … Thank you @SenatorCarper for supporting public health and the environment by opposing @realdonaldtrump's effort to destroy the Clean Power Plan #ProtectCPP … Thank you @SenatorCarper for leading the fight against the Trump administration's #DirtyPowerScam. … TUNE IN: I’m on the Senate floor with @SenateDems to speak out against the Trump @EPA’s #DirtyPowerScam, a proposal that fails to address #climatechange and puts American lives at risk.  … Our teachers, already underpaid, need more funding for basic supplies, for resources to help students with mental health issues and for after-school programs that help working parents.   @BetsyDeVosED's solution? Guns. You've got to be kidding me. … The title of this @grist article sums it up. @realdonaldtrump’s #DirtyPowerScam fails Delaware in every way.    The @EPA found the proposal “would cost Americans at least $1.4 billion a year more than it saved, when compared with simply leaving CPP alone.” … That's why I'm commending my Senate colleagues for answering the call of firefighters across the country and passing an amendment to establish the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act – so we can protect the health of those who always answer ours. … We can't forget that in one blaze after another, brave Delawareans have risked their lives and answered calls to assist communities. And it hasn’t just been in California – other deployments this summer include Idaho, Montana and Colorado. … READ: @SenatorCarper says “American businesses, consumers and our environment are all the losers” with President Trump's and @EPAAWheeler’s #CleanerCars rollbacks. #StopEPARollbacks  The guilty verdict and admission of guilt by two @realDonaldtrump associates brings us closer to the truth. While @POTUS pivots to “witch hunt” talk, we must remember attempts to interfere with the Mueller investigation would be a gross abuse of power. We deserve the whole truth. Co-sign. … It's with a heavy heart today that I voted to increase funding for @800273TALK, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. One person dies by suicide every three days in Delaware. We need to talk openly about suicide prevention to destigmatize mental illness and help save livespic.twitter.com/LvoIe8gFqq Can we really take Brett Kavanaugh at his word after my colleagues on @JudiciaryDems found new evidence that he misled the Senate multiple times during his 2006 nomination hearing? Absolutely not. … This #DirtyPowerPlan fills our atmosphere with more:  CO2 Sulfur NOX  @realDonaldTrump’s plan threatens the lives of Americans across the country and leaves my home state of Delaware more vulnerable to sea level impacts. We deserve better than this. … This morning, @SeemaCMS is testifying on improper payments in #Medicaid. But the relentless improper actions the Trump Administration have taken are gutting the #ACA and Medicaid beyond recognition. Here are ten times they sabotaged our health care system #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/QLGe8jLoI9 A recurring theme for Trump energy policies: Nobody benefits except narrow interests. Families are charged more in power bills, our children face a greater climate burden, and America surrenders energy innovation leadership to nations like China. … My state knows all too well that air pollution doesn’t recognize boundaries. The Clean Power Plan is one of the most effective tools limiting hazardous air pollutants – and letting coal-heavy states write the rules puts us at even greater risk.pic.twitter.com/Ac418whyzY .@realdonaldtrump’s plan isn’t a “replacement” – it’s a retreat. Retreat from our most basic responsibilities to ensure breathable air, usher in economic progress and tackle the greatest environmental crisis we face today. #CleanPowerPlan … If Brett Kavanaugh gets on the Supreme Court, he'll side industry over the health and safety of the American people and our environment every single time -- just like Scott Pruitt. How do I know? His egregious record. Read my op-ed in @USATODAY: … This is a reminder that it’s going to take an all hands on deck effort to tackle the opioid crisis. Prescribing opioid alternatives is a key piece of the puzzle and I was proud to introduce legislation that makes it easier for prescribers to do just that … The doors to our #JobFair for Veterans are open! Head over to Wilmington University’s Dover campus to meet employers looking to hire. Open until 2 pm today.pic.twitter.com/73bKBIpAMb – bei Wilmington University - Dover Had Kavanaugh's opinion ruled the day in 2012, @EPA wouldn't be able to protect downwind communities from toxic out-of-state air pollution.   It's just the beginning of how he would be damaging to clean air and public health in Delaware. #WhatsAtStake … On Monday, the DE Congressional Delegation is hosting a Veterans Job Fair in Dover. If you're a #veteran or know someone looking for a new career opportunity, spread the word! We'll have over 30 different employers from around the First State!pic.twitter.com/fSTTDZoJrH We’re excited to announce that the College has received a $1.97 million grant from the @US_EDA to construct an Automotive Center of Excellence at our #GeorgetownDE Campus. #DTCCPride #netDEpic.twitter.com/pQCMaf4qxu I’m so proud to have worked with President of Del Tech Mark Brainard, leaders of Sussex County, Delaware and Maryland’s congressional delegations, and @US_EDA on securing this important grant that will prepare Delaware and the region’s workforce for the jobs of tomorrow. Years ago, I heard from auto dealers who told me there was a need for highly-skilled technicians, but training was needed to develop the workforce. That’s when I started fighting for this funding - by building a coalition of government, business and academia to secure funds. Great news for Delaware jobs: I visited @DelawareTech today in Georgetown to announce a $2 million @US_EDA grant to build a state-of-the-art automotive technician training center that will train Delawareans for good-paying jobs in a growing industry and boost the state's economy.pic.twitter.com/OIr21qrvlz Today's ruling to halt @realdonaldtrump’s illegal attack on the #cleanwater rule will:   Provide cleaner drinking water for millions  Protect streams and wetlands from contamination  Bring nearly $500 million in economic benefits  My full statement:  … … Today, I sat down with my summer interns to not only thank them for months of hard work but to ask them what they've learned since joining us here on Capitol Hill. Their response? Roll with the punches, and, if you see an opportunity, seize it #CarperDiempic.twitter.com/STy1uXSn4f Working together with my colleague, @senrobportman, we also identified how drug traffickers exploit the postal service to get illegal opioids into the U.S. Resolving this crisis means getting life-threatening drugs like fentanyl off our streets. … In May, I introduced two bipartisan bills to do just that. Because, while addiction is a complex problem, we know that practical legislation that help prevent deaths and encourage effective treatments like MAT can have the capability to save lives … This news comes just days after Delaware had 8 opioid-related deaths in 4 days. It’s clear no community is immune to this heartbreaking epidemic and the only way for us to truly combat this crisis, is smart, bipartisan solutions … This is not about politics. This is about the lives of migrant children who have already been forced to flee their home countries due to extreme violence and poverty. We can and must do better … Yesterday, we released a bipartisan report showing that the Trump Administration is still not doing enough to keep these children safe. We need to hear what our federal agencies are doing now to protect these vulnerable children going forward   … This morning, @SenatorPortman and I are holding an oversight hearing to get long overdue answers from @HHS and @DHS about how they are working to protect unaccompanied children from human trafficking and other forms of abuse. Watch here:  … #DACA has enabled nearly 800,000 young #Dreamers to work in the only country they’ve ever known and strengthen our society. Their stories are a reminder to us all about #WhatsAtStake and why our fight to protect them must continue … The “safety” figures behind @realdonaldtrump’s fuel economy proposal never passed muster. And now we learn from Trump’s own @EPA that there was bogus math behind it – only to be ignored by the White House. This proposal isn’t fooling anyone. … For 83 years, Social Security has been one of the most sacred promises we make to our seniors, children, those living with disabilities and veterans. Now more than ever, we must fight to protect it. #SocSec83 Some of the world’s most talented scientists serve in our federal agencies. Their critical research – which informs U.S. policies and impacts billions of lives around the world – must be conducted free of political interference or censorship from @realdonaldtrump’s agenda. … We must fight to #StopKavanaugh because we cannot have a Supreme Court justice who fails to recognize that America is a nation built by immigrants, enriched by immigrants and made stronger by the contributions of immigrants. #WhatsStake #ImmigrantsAtStake … In the midst of a crazy news cycle, we must not forget about @realDonaldTrump’s attacks on the #EndangeredSpeciesAct – one of our country’s most popular and successful environmental laws.   In response, I filed amendments in the Senate to support the law. … I've long advocated for Federally Qualified #Healthcenters that deliver a full range of medical services to underserved communities. @WestsideHealth is one of three FQHC in Delaware that's making a difference in our communities, keeping people healthy and out of the ER. #NHCW18pic.twitter.com/grcdZ3JykT Who could possibly have predicted that the #GOPTaxScam would hurt American workers? Oh that’s right. Economists, businesses, state and local governments, doctors, patients, religious leaders and every Democrat in the Senate, just to name a few. … ICYMI: Under the Trump Administration’s new proposal to rollback commonsense clean car standards, American consumers, businesses, the economy, and our environment -- all lose. Read my op-ed on why I’m fighting this misguided proposal via @delawareonline: … Expanding #infrastructure is truly vital to continued growth in Kent and Sussex counties: The ribbon-cutting today in Frederica - enabled by $21 million in federal funds - opens up a new overpass that provides needed traffic relief on State Route 1 and safer access to @DE_Turfpic.twitter.com/xYXU2tcdtl The American people want and deserve a full vetting of anyone up for a lifetime appointment, including Kavanaugh. Democrats want to do their jobs. Republicans need to stop refusing to provide the public the whole picture. #WhatAreTheyHiding … The Trump Administration's foolish plan to rollback clean car standards is based on bogus science and bad assumptions.   We need to fight like hell to make sure this proposal doesn't become the law of the land. … I spoke with @DelawareDOT officials today about how we’re using federal and state #infrastructure funds to boost public safety, improve commerce and bring State Route 1 back to full capacity in Kent and Sussex countiespic.twitter.com/HKCWZzPvDL In a huge win for families, Missourians overwhelmingly rejected Republicans’ attempts to impose a fee on hardworking, public-sector employees. Let’s support our teachers, firefighters, police officers, and emergency medical technicians – not chip away at their right to organize. … As a result of a bill I authored with @ChrisCoons in 2016, a grant program established today will support $4.3 million of conservation efforts to protect clean water and restore wildlife habitats throughout the basin. Good news for Delaware and our region: … The Delaware River Basin is a national treasure that provides drinking water for 15 million, supports an array of wildlife and contributes billions to our region’s economy in maritime, agriculture and tourism. Its protection is critical for Delaware’s environment and economy .@realdonaldtrump’s proposal to roll back clean car standards is bad for the environment and bad for business. We need to fight like hell to make sure this shortsighted, lose-lose proposal does not become the law of the land. Read my @delawareonline piece: … Glad to have @Delaware_DHSS Secretary @kowalker1 -- a public health expert and medical professional who has delivered more than 300 babies in her career -- to lead today's discussion on #maternalhealth with me. We must find solutions to this entirely preventable crisis.pic.twitter.com/ZQ9KK9h0C2 It's outrageous that more women die from pregnancy-related complications in the U.S. -- the world's wealthiest country -- than in any other developed country. Today, I'm hosting a forum to see what we can do now to reduce Delaware's maternal mortality rate … All in favor of @SenMarkey taking over @realDonaldTrump’s Twitter permanently:  … While @realdonaldtrump and Republican skeptics in Congress bury their heads in the sand, @USMC and military leaders throughout the country understand the real risks that #climatechange poses to our national security and military readiness. … .@realDonaldTrump’s plan is not what automakers want. It would cause years of uncertainty, hurt American competitiveness, jeopardize jobs, and allow for more air pollution.  Idea for POTUS: listen to stakeholders, not extreme voices trying to push a plan no one's interested in.  … Scripture tells us “blessed are the peacemakers.” It was a distinct honor to join these 8 new peacemakers today. Each one of them makes Delaware proud. Congratulations! A heartfelt thank you to the brave young people graduating today from Delaware State Police Training Academy. We appreciate your willingness to serve and take on a tremendous responsibility: Safeguarding our communities and ensuring that all First State families live free of fearpic.twitter.com/ZSFrqAa2qg Many of the brave men and women who serve Delaware communities as firefighters pull double duty as citizens – many have day jobs and also volunteer their time to protect us. We have a responsibility to make sure they have the tools and support they need: … As Co-Chair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus I was thrilled to join them today to announce $400,000 in federal grants – which will go to purchasing technology, innovative protective gear and other equipment critical to training the First State firefighters of tomorrowpic.twitter.com/c51ILtnofj The men and women attending @DE_Fire_School are among the bravest the First State has to offer – and we can’t take that for granted. These heroes not only protect Delawareans, but heed the call to fight flames and run rescue missions throughout America … Chuck’s right. Under the Trump administration’s proposal to rollback clean car safety standards, Americans lose.    They must rethink this. America’s economy and our environment are on the line. … Without fail, automakers tell me they want two things: Predictability and certainty.   They do not want to have to build one model for one state and a different model for another. Today’s disruptive shift of gears on fuel efficiency is dangerous and makes us less competitive.pic.twitter.com/JWnvq30nNu .@realdonaldtrump continues to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. But don’t be fooled: there is a deal to be had on clean car standards that is a win for automakers, states, consumers and our environment. Read my full statement here: … Businesses need certainty and predictability to succeed. Consumers around the world are moving toward cleaner, more efficient vehicles – but this administration keeps looking in the rear view mirror. This proposal is exactly what our economy does NOT need Nobody – except perhaps the oil industry – asked for a fuel economy proposal this extreme from the Trump Administration. It’s not what automakers or states want and will lead to more pain at the pump, pollution and carbon emissions that fuel #climatechange … .@realDonaldTrump said that “trade wars are good and easy to win.”   FACT CHECK: They are not. And they come with a steep price tag for American families.   … Good news, Delaware! I've secured funding for big infrastructure projects in today's appropriations package. This means expansion of transportation choices for travelers and more jobs. I'll keep pushing to make sure this makes it into the final bill. … I’ve been hearing @realDonaldTrump and @RudyGiuliani claiming that ‘collusion is not a crime.’ Well, I took the liberty of reading the U.S. code myself. Here’s what the law actually says:pic.twitter.com/qW2GPxuDdC To be clear: the President of the United States has gone from “no obstruction” to obstruction out in the open.   This is not normal. And this is not how democracy works. … Before his disastrous summit with Putin, @realDonaldTrump chose to use taxpayer dollars to stop off at his luxury Scottish golf resort – a wholly unnecessary stay that could cost Americans up to $1.2 million.   Today, @SenWarren, @RepCummings and I are asking for answers.pic.twitter.com/1BeWNa5ujb This is a fight worth having. #WhatsAtStake is the right to breathe clean air and drink clean water, and this #SCOTUS nominee has proven he’s not interested in guaranteeing either one for First State families.pic.twitter.com/QmvSnUouTN Thank you @SenatorCarper for standing with us to #StopKavanaugh and protect our clean air and water for generations to come!pic.twitter.com/5ot2WYxCl9 A Justice Kavanaugh would continue his work to put polluters over public health. Watch LIVE at 12:30 as I rally outside the Supreme Court to explain #WhatsAtStake for the environment in this #SCOTUS battle:   … .@SenatorCarper  to @EPAAWheeler:  If you were presented with a proposal that both the auto industry and the state of CA could support, would you welcome such a compromise?  @EPAAWheeler  responds: I would.  #CleanerCars #StopEPARollbacks #ActionsNotWords Scott Pruitt is out at @EPA, but this administration’s attacks on environmental quality are not over. Watch today at 10:30am as I lead @EPWDems in questioning new EPA Acting Administrator Andrew Wheeler about his plans for the agency. … A #2020Census that accurately counts the #LGBTQ community can: - Increase LGBTQ representation in public office  - Support the Equal Access to Housing rule  - Combat discrimination and support civil rights Roughly 10 million Americans identify as #LGBTQ. That's 10 million people who will not be accurately represented on the #2020Census, which should reflect who we are as a society.   @KamalaHarris and I have introduced the Equality Act to ensure #EveryoneCounts … In 1965, we also made a promise to our seniors to ensure they had comprehensive health care through #Medicare. We must protect that promise and put #HealthCareOverPolitics as we keep fighting to reduce health care costs and improve quality of care for our seniors. #Medicare53 #Medicaid is a critical lifeline for millions of Americans. As the result of expanding this crucial program as a part of the #ACA, Medicaid offers quality, affordable health care to more than 200,000 Delawareans – nearly half of whom are children. #Medicaid53pic.twitter.com/hyMyMcKK0c For 53 years, #Medicare and #Medicaid have provided quality, life-saving care for millions. Today, these programs are being attacked by @POTUS and Republicans who insist on undermining health care for seniors, kids, low-income Americans and those with disabilities #ProtectOurCare Every action you’ve taken since January 20th, 2017 proves otherwise … You’ve got to be kidding me. Mr. President , you cannot -- in the same sentence -- talk about security of this country and call for a government shutdown. A government shutdown threatens our economy and our country’s safety. … The Presidential Records Act makes clear that White House records, including Brett Kavanaugh's, belong to the American people. Now, the National Archives is refusing to provide those records to Democrats so we can vet his nomination. This has NEVER happened. #ReleaseTheRecords REALLY important piece this morning on MSNBC: @realDonaldTrump's latest tariffs on aluminum could cost America's beer industry alone $347 million and over 20,000 jobs.   What happened to putting American workers first? … Begs the question: What does Mitch McConnell not want Americans to see in Brett Kavanaugh’s record? … New low from Trump Admin: @EPA retirees, who served our country for decades, spoke their minds. What did this administration do in response? Executed a smear campaign to try to discredit them because it didn't like what they had to say. Truly disturbing. … I'm proud to sponsor a bipartisan bill in the Senate to help solve our country’s maternal mortality problem — the worst in the developed world. By identifying the root causes of this unacceptable problem, we can fix it for good. … I’m appalled to read this report – hospitals are supposed to help save lives, not put them at risk. In the wealthiest country in the world, we can and must do better than this. … You really know how to welcome a guy! Thanks for delivering for Delawareans every day and investing in tools to train and educate workers for the jobs of tomorrow. … I'm fighting back against the Trump Administration's senseless attacks on the #EndangeredSpeciesAct.  Check out the 4 amendments I filed in the Senate to provide more funding to protect vital species and environments: … Mr. Pruitt’s last-day move to stop enforcing emissions rules for these trucks was an egregious attack on clean air, even by his standards.   Yesterday was a step in the right direction, but the proposal to exempt them from some clean air rules needs to go: … Dangerous “glider trucks” emit 55 times the amount of air pollution of new trucks – and an @EPA analysis said that if unregulated, these vehicles could lead to thousands of early deaths and higher rates of lung cancer, heart disease and asthma … It's thanks to the #EndangeredSpeciesAct that we helped save the bald eagle - an American symbol and one of my favorite birds. #FlyEaglesFly  Read about how I’m trying to protect the ESA:  …pic.twitter.com/L4rixsqtvZ #TBT – 28 years ago today, the Americans with Disabilities Act became the law. This historic milestone broke down barriers for those living with disabilities, but our fight to end discrimination and ensure equality for all continues #ADA28 #WhatsAtStake … That's why misguided privatization schemes have been overwhelmingly opposed by stakeholders across the board and across the aisle. The straightforward and bipartisan amendment I’ve offered with @SenatorHeitkamp and @JerryMoran should be a no-brainer. … .@POTUS’ foolish proposal to privatize the @USPS would :  Hurt rural communities  Deliver a devastating blow to our economy  Put more than eight million jobs at risk  Hit small businesses and American taxpayers I introduced @ALBoysNation's and @ALAForVeterans’ future leaders to my staff here in D.C. and showed them what we do in our office. I have no doubt that, one day, they will be the ones making the introductions for the next group of hard-working kids!pic.twitter.com/w6XAYGswTp Today is the day. Again.  The deadline to reunite families is not just a date on a calendar. This is about people’s lives. For hundreds of children still waiting, it’s another night wondering if – and when – they might see their parents again. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/6W2vHtzLX4 Just got back from filing 4 amendments in the Senate to fight back against @realDonaldTrump’s recent attempts to gut the #EndangeredSpeciesAct. We need more resources in our fight to protect species, not changes to this highly successful law. That’s because words have meaning, @SecPompeo. And, last week, @POTUS stood next to Putin, on foreign soil, dismissed our intelligence agencies and told the world Russia didn’t interfere in the 2016 election. … I've called on @POTUS to stop the attacks on the federal workers who serve our country every day. Politics have no place in our civil service.pic.twitter.com/WZ5FIUzI4x Unions have made this country great. We must protect workers' rights to collectively bargain for better pay and benefits. Today and every day, I'm proud to stand with workers across the country who are fighting the Trump Administration's attacks #RedForFedspic.twitter.com/3ISMqHiHqk A year ago this week, Republicans tried (and failed) to repeal the #ACA.   We may have won that battle, but our fight to #ProtectOurCare continues as the GOP remains persistent in attacking protections for the more than 50 million Americans living with pre-existing conditions … MUST READ: An important look into some of the wildlife threatened by the Trump Administration’s latest attempts to dismantle the #EndangeredSpeciesAct … Why are President Trump and Congressional Republicans in a hurry to weaken wildlife protections enshrined in the #EndangeredSpeciesAct? These successful programs need more resources, not rollbacks that impair conservation work.pic.twitter.com/lEkVmpvUz0 I had the pleasure of meeting with the @DelawareFFA state officers this morning. There’s no doubt that these future farmers will continue making Delaware an agricultural powerhouse for years to come. #NextGenAgpic.twitter.com/m05YkPmrox With Mr. Pruitt out, @EPA should be turning over a new leaf and avoid dubious personnel moves - but hiring these two nominees before their Senate confirmation could create larger problems for the agency’s everyday work. … I’ve joined my Democratic colleagues in the House and the Senate to put a stop to this despicable practice. No one should profit off of parents wanting to talk to their children as they wait to be reunitedpic.twitter.com/VH2TWq6ikS As if the Trump Administration’s “zero-tolerance” policy separating families wasn’t cruel enough, we now learn that private detention facilities are charging migrant parents as much as $8 a minute to talk to their children. Where does the callousness end? … The Endangered Species Act is helping to recover the Red Knot and Piping Plover in Delaware and continues to be one of our country’s most successful environmental protection laws. Instead of building on that progress, the Trump Admin. wants to undercut it. It’s simply shameful. … READ: @SenatorCarper on #WhatsAtStake if Brett Kavanaugh makes it to the Supreme Court. #StopKavanaugh  The Trump Administration's decision to add an unnecessary citizenship question to the #2020Census should be seen for what it is: a brazen political ploy. The Census is too important to play partisan games. We must make sure #EveryoneCounts … Make no mistake: Brett Kavanaugh is the next Scott Pruitt, except he’ll have the power of our nation’s highest court behind him. Read my op-ed in @USATODAY on #WhatsAtStake: … Inaction on #climatechange threatens our planet and our economy with more damaging extreme weather events and costly public health crises. A price on carbon would help America lead the world in seriously addressing this crisis while spurring job growth here at home … This was never about politics. It's a question of basic human decency. So I, together with @ChrisCoons and more than two dozen of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle, told @POTUS plan and simple: The United States government must #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/7xsIdOU5at Now especially, we should be requiring MORE transparency from those seeking to influence our elections—not less. We can't allow more #darkmoney to flood our political system. That's why I voted no on President Trump's nominee to lead the IRS today: … On Monday, we learned that a Russian national was trying to advance Russian interests through the NRA.   That very same day, the IRS announced that groups, like the NRA, will no longer have to disclose their biggest donors. … Today, I asked @US_OSC for a review of yet another Trump official who may be violating the law designed to ensure the federal government is working for all Americans – not just those with whom they agree politically … We have laws in this country for a reason. The Hatch Act ensures government officials don’t use their positions to unfairly influence political activity, like elections. But the Trump Administration continues to completely disregard this law   …> Today the Trump Administration took another step back in protecting wildlife. The #EndangeredSpeciesAct is effective – and dismissing best available science and undoing habitat protections for industry’s benefit undermines much of the progress we’ve made … Meet staff members Larry and Ada, who are behind my booth at the @destatefair today. Come by and say hello!pic.twitter.com/OTHQ2a8Buq – bei Delaware State Fair Scott Pruitt foolishly tried to eliminate @EPA’s ability to stop projects that would contaminate drinking water. @RepPeterDeFazio and I are calling on @EPAAWheeler to reverse course and uphold a basic @EPA responsibility: protecting American waterways … The American people spoke.   The Senate spoke.   Now it’s the House’s turn to raise their voice.    All Americans – not just those who can afford to pay more – should have access to a free and open internet in this day and age. We must restore #NetNeutrality At a time when facts are too often under assault, I'm proud to join @kane_andrea and @isawhill to discuss how we can use #EvidenceBasedPolicy to increase access to effective contraception … And the evidence and data clearly show that forms of long-acting reversible contraception (LARCs), like IUDs, do work and that increasing access to them produces positive results … I cannot believe we have to do this twice in one week, but here we go again:  Trump still trusts Putin. I still trust our country's law enforcement officers, including my friend and former colleague, Dan Coats. … "Kavanaugh’s environmental record shows that he consistently puts the interests of polluters ahead of the public." - @SenatorCarper #SaveSCOTUS … Joining @SenatorCarper and my @SenateDems colleagues to talk about Brett #Kavanaugh’s attacks on the environment. He’s overturned @EPA regulations to protect the air we breathe and water we drink because he deemed them too expensive for corporations.  … TUNE IN: Pruitt may be out as @EPA Administrator, but with the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy, we can expect him to carry out his anti-environment agenda. I’ll be leading @SenateDems to speak out against his dangerous record  …pic.twitter.com/ViF3SGGANH We’ve seen this movie before.   Literally. It’s called the Manchurian Candidate. … “Brett Kavanaugh is the next Scott Pruitt.” -@SenatorCarper #StopKavanaugh #SaveSCOTUS That's why I've joined @SenKamalaHarris in demanding an investigation into reports of mistreatment of expecting mothers. I will continue to fight against this administration’s callous and inhumane treatment of vulnerable families. … From the 'zero-tolerance' policy, to detaining pregnant women in deplorable conditions, this administration’s treatment of immigrants seeking safe haven at our borders is shameful. … This is dangerous rhetoric that only delights Putin. We need a president who will protect America's interests — not Russia's. Anything less than that is shameful and makes us less safe. … Trump trusts Putin. I trust Mueller. … I’m joining @JohnCarneyDE, @DNREC and concerned citizens from across Delaware to tell @EPA to do its job and work to protect all Americans It’s @EPA’s job to work with states to address dangerous pollution. Instead, this EPA has denied Delaware the ability to deal with harmful emissions blowing into our state from other states. This is wrong, and today, the First State is speaking up. I stand with the majority of Americans who know #climatechange is real and want action now. We can’t sacrifice the future of our one and only planet all because those on the fringe choose to ignore facts … This restoration project in Bombay Hook is a living example of how leveraging federal funds under laws like the North American Wetlands Conservation Act creates successful outcomes for wildlife and park-goers alike.pic.twitter.com/kzuXWmBAVl Thank you to @SenatorCarper, @ChrisCoons, @USFWS, @DucksUnlimited and DNREC for joining in to celebrate historical first-time funding for the #DelRiverWatershed! The #DelawareRiver Basin Restoration Program means a cleaner, healthier watershed for us all.  pic.twitter.com/UQVlBAVHEi I want to thank the @DelRivCoalition, @DucksUnlimited, volunteers and all the groups throughout the Delaware River Basin for all they do to keep this crucial basin healthy and productive for current and future generations. A healthy Delaware River Basin is hugely important: It stretches all the way from the edge of Delaware Bay to New York’s Catskill Mountains and supplies drinking water for over 15 million. And here in the First State, it helps support 16,000 jobs in trade, fishing and recreation.pic.twitter.com/n82P7ghv3Z Taking in sights at the beautiful Bombay Hook National Wildlife Refuge to celebrate the success of a bill I authored - the Delaware River Basin Conservation Act – which funds critical efforts to conserve wildlife, improve water quality and reduce flood damage throughout the basinpic.twitter.com/AFwL6pcYts 12 Russian intel officers were just charged with interfering in an American election.    @POTUS needs to step up to the plate and be tougher than asking the Russians to stop. If he can’t, he absolutely should not be meeting with Putin. … I will continue to demand answers from this administration until every family is reunited. … Unbelievable. Yesterday, the Trump administration missed a court-ordered deadline to reunite families and solve the crisis it created with its “zero-tolerance policy.” Today, they are congratulating themselves on their progress. Thanks for having me! Keep up the good work! … On the list of pre-existing conditions at risk under the Trump Administration: #diabetes. With 80,000 Delawareans suffering from it, we cannot stop fighting to #ProtectOurCare. Thanks to @JDRF_Delaware for leading the waypic.twitter.com/4fLluz5LNm Thank you @MBur334718!  And an even bigger thank you for all that you do to help strengthen public education in the First State! … This administration’s appetite for sabotaging Americans’ access to #healthcare knows no bounds. … With the stakes so high and Americans' stances on these critical issues so clear, I say without hesitation: bring on this fight. #WhatsAtStake … Overwhelmingly, the American people support: - Protections for those with pre-existing conditions - A woman’s right to choose - LGBTQ protections - Equal access to the voting booth - Independent checks on executive power - Access to clean air and clean water Since 2006, Judge Kavanaugh has revealed his true colors, and his substantial record over that time period has proven to be a profound disappointment. It also stands in stark contrast to what the American people want If Leader McConnell insists on rushing this nominee through before the American people can have their say in November, then the Senate must hold Judge Kavanaugh accountable for his deeply concerning record over the past 12 years on the bench After leading an unprecedented and shameful yearlong blockade against Judge Merrick Garland — an eminently qualified and consensus nominee — Leader McConnell has now said that he wants the Senate to move swiftly to consider Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination Picking a nominee to fill a vacancy on our nation’s highest court isn’t a reality show. It shouldn’t be a choice outsourced to ideologues like those at the Heritage Foundation or the Federalist Society. It should be a deliberative process, especially when the stakes are this high I have urged Acting @EPA Administrator Wheeler to seize the opportunity he’s been given. He should work immediately to restore the public’s confidence in @EPA and carefully consider the lessons of the past. Read my letter here: … Like so many Americans, I am relieved to see Mr. Pruitt go, but my work to ensure @EPA is carrying out its fundamental mission — protecting our environment and public health — will not stop no matter who’s in charge. Mr. Pruitt’s dangerous environmental policies were only matched by his complete disregard for American taxpayers.   His resignation, though long overdue, is good news for our country and for our planet. … A well-deserved, one-way ticket back to Oklahoma. In coach! #DrainTheSwamp  … … ‘Inching’?   @EPAScottPruitt passed the tipping point ages ago. #BootPruitt … I think we can all agree: @EPAScottPruitt shouldn’t be running anything … We must be relentless in our fight to make sure @POTUS doesn’t take us back to the time when patients were at the mercy of insurance companies that got to decide who got coverage, what that coverage included and how much it cost. #ProtectOurCare It’s easy to be overwhelmed by the news, but we can’t lose focus on the really important stories:   @POTUS is still working to take away protections for millions of Americans living with pre-existing conditions — including nearly 400,000 Delawareans  … In May I visited both of Delaware’s National Wildlife Refuges, and talked with experts about how Congress can best defend the #MBTA from unwarranted rollbacks. Read more about my efforts here:  … #yearofthebird Today is the 100th anniversary of the passing of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act— a vitally important law that protects birds and helps keep places like Bombay Hook and Prime Hook National Wildlife Refuges beautiful and filled with wildlife for generations to come.pic.twitter.com/8z2IGkfRdf I’ll be on @Maxima953fm in the 9 am hour this morning to talk immigration and reuniting families separated at the border. Tune in! I couldn’t do it alone! Thanks to everyone who came out today to say loudly and clearly: #FamiliesBelongTogether … As a dad, I know one thing for sure: moms and dads will do anything to keep their kids safe. We should be helping these families, not ripping them apart. #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/KwJVWvZs3j Someone once said you can’t be everywhere at once. But that someone didn’t have almost half a million miles on their Chrysler Town and Country minivan! … Donald Trump thought this fight was over when he signed his Executive Order ten days ago.   Look around, @POTUS.   We’re just getting started. #FamiliesBelongTogetherMarchpic.twitter.com/nysW1ZcVhk The First State is filled with good neighbors. This country is filled with good neighbors. We need to be good neighbors to the families who are simply seeking safety and a better life for their kids. #FamiliesBelongTogetherMarchpic.twitter.com/yiONV1fXGx Started this day of action at St. Barnabas Episcopal Church. It’s a beautiful day to stand up for what’s right! #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/DIFK0WIA9h Over the last week, these organizers rallied our communities so that we could stand together and send a clear message to @POTUS: #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/J9THHAx4ga These are the kind of smart investments - designed with the input of local stakeholders - that are included in a bipartisan Water #Infrastructure bill I co-authored that’s making its way through the Senate: America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. … I enjoyed checking on the progress of critical beach renourishment efforts on Bethany, South Bethany and Fenwick beaches  - federally-backed projects that I was proud to help bring to Delaware after terrible storms in recent years.pic.twitter.com/rlVzBsa3pz Just a few #FarmBill18 wins:    Gives poultry farmers better access to conservation funds   Creates new initiatives to make fruits and vegetables more affordable    Contains zero provisions that weaken environmental protections    Provides funding for organic research From improving SNAP and expanding crop insurance, to fighting the opioid epidemic and preserving support for conservation programs, the #FarmBill18 shows that when we work together, we can achieve bipartisan wins across the board Every day, reporters risk their lives to bring us the news. But a newsroom shouldn’t ever feel like the front lines. How can we live in a country where our fellow citizens, by simply getting up and going to work, fall victim to such senseless tragedies? #Enough When we talk about the Supreme Court, we often talk about precedent. Senator McConnell willingly chose to set a new precedent with his partisan blockade of Merrick Garland. The Senate should also wait until after the election before considering any nominee to fill this vacancy The next Supreme Court justice will be the 'swing vote' on issues that impact every single American:   - voting rights - reproductive rights - civil rights - workers' rights - LGBTQ rights - access to clean air and safe drinking water   The American people should get a say. Among the First State victories in the 2018  #FarmBill is an amendment secured by @ChrisCoons and I – giving Delaware farmers better access to conservations funds that will help them improve operations on their farms and protect our land and drinking water … First State farmers make a small state like Delaware an agricultural powerhouse - #1 in the nation for value of products per acre. For consumers and the thousands of Delawareans growing crops and raising livestock every day, the bipartisan 2018 #FarmBill delivers major wins. Merrick Garland was treated shamefully. It will be a long time before many of us forget that. … Only by addressing the underlying conditions in Central America - violence, corruption and lack of economic opportunity - can we end the crisis that leads so many to flee to our southern border. Today, @SenateDems announced our plan to do just that  Three years ago today, love won when #SCOTUS ruled that #MarriageEquality was finally the law of land. We’ve come a long way, but our fight to end discrimination against our LGBTQ family and friends must continue. #EqualityForwardpic.twitter.com/qfsG3mJxUx Unfortunately, the shameful and unprecedented obstruction that my Republican colleagues mounted in 2016 against Judge Merrick Garland has led to many deeply flawed decisions by the Supreme Court, including discriminatory policies like this #MuslimBan being upheld today Despite today’s disappointing ruling, the facts remain the same: denying a group of people entry to this country on the sole basis of their religion and nationality is uninformed, un-American and unwise. Do not be fooled. This policy does not make our country safer. Today, a majority of the Supreme Court mistakenly ignored what @POTUS himself has plainly told us time and time again -- this travel ban was born out of fear and hostility toward Muslims rather than any sort of national security strategy. #NoMuslimBanEver This #NationalGIBillWeeek, it is imperative that we renew our commitment to making sure every veteran gets the most out of their hard-earned G.I. Bill benefits … Since 1944, millions of veterans have used their G.I. Bill benefits to improve their lives and their futures.  I would not be where I am today, without #MyGIBill. It allowed me to pursue a Masters Degree at @UDelaware in my pursuit to continue serving the American people 74 years ago today, President Roosevelt signed the #GIBill, one of the most groundbreaking pieces of legislation in the history of our country. It changed millions of lives – including my own – by spurring economic opportunity and helping to create the middle class as we know it Located at the end of 'America's tailpipe,' First State families are forced to breathe dirtier air from upwind states and now @EPA wants to deny Delaware's request to cut this pollution. I submitted comments about Pruitt’s misguided decision to EPA today: … . @DelmarvaBlood is experiencing a blood emergency, so if you can, please head over to one of their locations to give a life-saving blood donation. Thanks to Jennifer for helping me donate today at the Newark donation center!pic.twitter.com/TLpBzNEvQq Congrats to the First State’s very own Donte DiVincenzo, aka the Michael Jordan of Delaware, on being selected by the @Bucks in the #NBADraft! We know our #Delaware Delegation - @SenatorCarper, @ChrisCoons and @RepBRochester - are fighting to #KeepFamliesTogether by sponsoring bills & calling for hearings on the inhumane treatment of these children. We stand with you and add our voices to yours. #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/gT3nGTBOvB Matthew 25 calls us to welcome strangers to our land. The Golden Rule urges us to treat others the way we want to be treated. And we have a moral obligation to address the violence migrants are fleeing in their home countries – an obligation that @POTUS must also recognize This morning, I had the chance to join leaders and activists of all faiths who are understandably concerned about the humanitarian crisis at our border.pic.twitter.com/Qy4RWleKGa Hey @EPAScottPruitt, no need to waste taxpayer dollars on whatever "tactical polos" are. Happy to give you some tips on some very affordable, yet stylish polo optionspic.twitter.com/ex81mvzYwm I again call on @POTUS to use his authority to unequivocally end his “zero tolerance” policy and stop traumatizing families. What’s more, the Administration’s failure to appropriately process asylum claims, and the extreme limits they have placed on asylum, means that families arriving at our border cannot go through the legal channels. Unfortunately, his “solution” of detaining families arriving at our borders indefinitely without due process is almost as harmful—and has already been found illegal by the courts. It only took 44 days, the ire of the world and irreversible trauma inflicted on over 2,300 innocent children for @POTUS to reverse his own despicable policy. … It was a pleasure to meet with Delaware advocates of all ages from the @alzassociation. Together, we can work to #ENDALZ so that little Addison’s generation won’t have to bear the emotional and financial burdens of this devastating diseasepic.twitter.com/ITyjWQ98ln If I were @SecNielsen and @POTUS asked me to do the things that she is being asked to do, I would resign. Period. … We have a moral obligation to do far more to address the unimaginable violence in Central America that is causing families to flee their homes. Continuing to address the symptoms of the problem, rather than its root causes, ensures that we are complicit in their misery I’m disappointed @USAGSessions appears not to have read Matthew 25, which calls us to welcome strangers in our land. What's happening at our borders right now isn't consistent with Matthew 25 or the teachings of any faith. The administration must end this heartbreaking policy now Shame on those who dare to give lip service to #WorldRefugeeDay while simultaneously condoning -- either explicitly or with their silence -- a policy that rips apart families that are fleeing unspeakable violence Today, a record 70 million people worldwide are in need of refuge. The Trump Administration has all but stalled acceptance of those who need our help the most. Far from making our country safer, this policy jeopardizes our ability to lead with moral clarity Scripture calls us "to love those who are foreigners, for you yourselves were foreigners." We should recommit ourselves to that calling on #WorldRefugeeDay—and strive to live it out every single day of the year I’m proud that every one of my Democratic colleagues has signed onto the bill – but so far, not one Republican has joined.  I implore my Republican colleagues who say they oppose this inhumane policy: cosponsor this bill.  Platitudes won’t #EndFamilySeparation. We need action now 13 days have passed since Democrats introduced legislation to immediately end @POTUS’ cruel policy that rips migrant children away from their parents. #KeepFamiliesTogetherAct … Not only are we celebrating all that the #GIBill has done, but we’re also renewing our commitment to making sure every veteran gets the most out of their hard-earned G.I. Bill benefits for years to come … 74 years ago this week, President Roosevelt signed the #GIBill, which changed my life and changed the course of history. Today, I’m proud to join @SenatorIsakson, @SenatorTester, and @SenDanSullivan to introduce a bipartisan resolution celebrating this week as #NationalGIBillWeekpic.twitter.com/KnhaTyMgJc But I'm also thinking of too many fathers who are without their children tonight. Stopping @POTUS from enforcing this senseless policy should be a no-brainer, which is why we're urging our Republican colleagues to join our bill. #KeepFamiliesTogetherAct … Feeling very grateful that I was able to spend this #FathersDay with 2 of my 3 sons, who have given me the best job I've ever hadpic.twitter.com/P0fPfuo9Vt 1 in 4. That’s how many people are at risk of losing #healthcare coverage because they suffer from a preexisting condition. That’s thousands of Delawareans, who – through no fault of their own – would be left stranded by @POTUS who has decided to play politics with American livespic.twitter.com/1XowxGOSdC I mean, come on. What does it say about you when the Trump White House ethics office has concerns with your ethics? #BootPruitt … I took part in a review of the Air Force Junior ROTC cadets this morning. They finished a rigorous one-week course to prepare them for leadership roles when they return to their high schools this fall. Congratulations! Go forth and serve!pic.twitter.com/XMpCfL4KaK – bei Delaware National Guard • Bethany Training Site I am proud to join my colleagues to introduce legislation that empowers workers and fights for a level playing field so that everyone can achieve the American Dream and get #ABetterDeal … Our country has been built by hard-working men and women who remain the backbone of our economy. Yet, today, too many struggle to make ends meet while @POTUS works to ensure wealthy shareholders and executives can take an even bigger cut of corporate profits … American businesses understand there are ways we can create jobs and fight climate change — the two aren't mutually exclusive. Check out my bill with @SenJohnKennedy that would reduce pollution while simultaneously bolstering economic growth:  … … If @POTUS won't end this cruel policy, then Congress must. 40 Democratic senators have introduced a bill to #EndFamilySeparation at the border. We are urging our Republican colleagues to join us. This is not hard … #FathersDay is this weekend. As a father, I can't imagine the pain felt by so many fathers, and mothers, whose children are being ripped away after they have already fled unspeakable violence and are simply seeking a better life for their kids This isn't happening somewhere halfway around the world. This is a reality in the United States of America right now, and it is shameful. #FamiliesBelongTogether … The concerns surrounding Pruitt’s endless scandals aren’t partisan. Time to hold @EPAScottPruitt accountable to the American public who he serves. … Courts prove again that Pruitt isn’t doing his job to protect downwind states like Delaware. This month, Pruitt’s @EPA proposed to rejected 4 petitions from DE seeking to reduce emissions from upwind states -- all in favor of, you guessed it: polluters. … All the more reason Mr. Pruitt should release his public financial disclosure to the American people immediately. The public deserves answers now given all the scandals that keep emerging … Time to take Scott Pruitt #BacktoBasics: It's illegal to use the power of your office or pressure your employees to help find your wife a job with GOP donors or lobbyists.  That Pruitt so brazenly abused his position isn't surprising, but this is especially corrupt even for him … Members nominate top candidates from their home state, ensuring that the best and the brightest are considered for admission to the nation's leading service academies. Each year, students interested in attending the U.S Air Force Academy, U.S. Naval Academy, U.S. Merchant Marine Academy or U.S. Military Academy apply for a nomination through members of the United States Congress. Last night, I joined @ChrisCoons  and @RepBRochester to congratulate the Delaware students attending a service academy this fall.pic.twitter.com/1QsswEjfPn Transparency is important, which is why our highest government officials are required to disclose their financial interests to the citizens they serve. That should include @EPAScottPruitt, especially when his behavior has raised so many ethical concerns:pic.twitter.com/eY7FXcJvrk NEWS: Today, the Senate Finance Committee approved my bipartisan bills to help address the #opioidepidemic. There’s much more we need to do, but these bills are a step in the right direction as we work to find smart, effective ways to save lives   … … We must be better prepared for potentially devastating effects of #climatechange. That's why I've joined @SenKamalaHarris and @NydiaVelazquez to introduce legislation that ensures we have accurate information so we don't let our fellow citizens down again … Providing timely and accurate information is one of our most sacred duties during and after a disaster. To be so inaccurate about the loss of American lives nearly a year after #HurricaneMaria made landfall in #PuertoRico is shameful and deeply concerning … Scott Pruitt is an embarrassment - and his seemingly endless ethical shortcomings should have led to his removal a long time ago  …pic.twitter.com/DIK2S8MLkk This is unacceptable, especially by a nation that should lead by example. That's why I've joined my colleagues to introduce legislation that would keep families from being needlessly ripped apart, which is – without a question – the right thing to do. … Matthew 25 calls to care for the least among us, including welcoming strangers in our land. @POTUS, however, is callously choosing to enforce a policy that not only targets vulnerable migrants but also inflicts further trauma by separating children from their parents If the Trump Administration succeeds, we would go back to a time when insurers could deny #healthcare coverage to Americans based on their gender or medical history. We all have to keep paying attention and keep fighting to #ProtectOurCare A year ago, @POTUS promised to “beautifully” protect Americans living with pre-existing conditions. Now, his administration is arguing those critical protections – that provide care to as many as 130 million Americans – are unconstitutional … Governor @JohnCarneyDE hits the nail on the head: Delaware does its part to cut emissions, but we need federal action from @EPA to ensure First State families aren’t threatened by dirty air from other states … The #EqualPayAct was passed in 1963. But, 55 years later, women still face an unacceptable wage gap. We must pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct to ensure that equal work finally means #equalpay It’s been 20 days since the Senate voted to #SaveTheInternet, but @SpeakerRyan has yet to act. With only 4 days left until the @FCC officially repeals #NetNeutrality , it's past time to schedule a vote in the House   … .@EPAScottPruitt is using @EPA to do his personal bidding on the taxpayers’ dime. Americans are fed up. Enough is enough. … #DDay74 marks one of the most courageous days in our history when some 73,000 Americans risked their lives to protect freedom around the world. We must never forget their heroic action and we must uphold our commitments to all our veterans as they committed to protect us Enjoyed sitting down with Assistant Secretary of @USArmy for Civil Works R.D. James to discuss our bipartisan water #infrastructure bill moving through the Senate – legislation that secures big wins for public health and job creation throughout Delaware.pic.twitter.com/rHrZwXJaT5 New report from the experts at @NOAA: this May is the hottest one ever recorded.   Climate change is real, the effects of it are worsening on our watch, and ignoring the facts won't change them. We have an obligation to act. … Following the Golden Rule means being responsible stewards of a planet we share with so many other living things. This #WorldEnvironmentDay reminds us of the impact recycling can have in our fight to reduce waste & #BeatPlasticPollution, protecting precious marine life everywherepic.twitter.com/33hS30ltpx I often say that leaders focus on excellence in everything they do, and Brooke - a Delawarean and @BorenAwards recipient - is doing just that. It was a pleasure to learn about her plans to study underrepresented cultures abroad and her commitment to public servicepic.twitter.com/ZrDBJts50j Once again because facts do still matter:    Children being separated from their parents at the border is the result of an unprecedented policy that the Trump Administration is choosing to enforce.   It is NOT the result of any law passed by anyone at any time. … My friend @SenJoniErnst and I don’t always agree on everything, but some things are just as plain as day … You really can’t make this stuff up with  @EPAScottPruitt...  … Today and every day, we have a moral obligation to #EndGunViolence that takes far too many lives. Thankfully, we have passionate young people leading this fight and demanding the common sense changes we so clearly need Today at the 436th Airlift Wing  Change of Command Ceremony, we welcomed Colonel Joel Safranek and his family to the Dover AFB family, and wished Colonel Ethan C. “Griff” Griffin and his family farewell.pic.twitter.com/mZBzoxgFHi – bei Dover Air Force Base Today I was thrilled to help announce a $7 million @USDOT TIGER grant for critical safety upgrades to the Georgetown East Gateway project – the first award of its kind for Sussex County. Smart #infrastructure projects like this improve public health & help boost local economies.pic.twitter.com/gACZAZtNHy .@POTUS, if you believe this policy is "horrible," you can simply end it. At any time. You are the President. There is no one else to blame for policies that your own administration is implementing. … Let's be very clear: separating children from their families is not the law. It's a policy decision that the Trump Administration is callously choosing to enforce. It's also:  unacceptable  unprecedented  un-American Matthew 25 calls us to care for the least among us, including welcoming strangers. Not only is the Trump Administration intent on turning away migrants who are fleeing unspeakable violence in their home countries, but now it is choosing to rip families apart. This is a disgrace. #MemorialDay may mark the start of summer here in the First State, but we can’t forget the true meaning of the day. Today and everyday, we salute our servicemembers, especially those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country:  Records show that in 2017 @EPAScottPruitt cost taxpayers over 3X what the Obama administration spent annually on travel security.   Mr. Pruitt’s choices do not reflect the work of a public servant putting the agency’s mission above all else.pic.twitter.com/iGamzxPvgT .@EPAScottPruitt has time and time again excused his travel security spending by claiming the Obama Administration spent more.   Yet again, that’s not true.   American taxpayers deserve actual answers. … Talking immigration with high school juniors from all over Delaware today at the Congressional Delegation’s annual Youth Conference. This gives our young people a chance to have candid conversations with their elected leaders.pic.twitter.com/i3A2eJFQ44 – bei Wesley College Gooding Hall #TBT to last February when I sent a letter to the @DeptofDefense asking about the President of the United States' use of an unsecured phone. 469 days later and still no response. And @POTUS is reportedly still using an unsecured phone. We need answers:  … … The bills I introduced today will allow more people to access treatments that can prevent more deaths and also help those who are addicted recover from this deadly disease. Read more about my bipartisan bills to help tackle the #OpioidEpidemic here: … The #opioidepidemic has hurt far too many families in Delaware and across the country. We need bipartisan action to seriously combat this crisis. That’s why I’m working with Democrats and Republicans —including @SenJohnThune and @SenPatRoberts — to put smart solutions in place The Senate just passed the bipartisan #VAMISSIONAct to improve veterans’ access to health care and provide more support for families caring for wounded vets. Every day – but especially ahead of Memorial Day – we must continue working to do right by those who have given us so much The Trump Administration’s rushed decision to add a citizenship question to the #2020Census was a political ploy. Now, I – along with @KamalaHarris @RepCummings, and 30+ Democrats – want answers as to how the inclusion of a troubling and untested question will comply with the lawpic.twitter.com/2OWGAxGIGd I can’t believe I have to say this two days in a row, but @EPA works for the American people. Unfortunately, it’s clear that this EPA is more concerned with protecting the EPA chemical summit from the public than it is with protecting the public from harmful chemicals. … Hats off to @SenatorCarper for getting language in the EPW mark of the WRDA to identify innovative ways to expedite offshore wind development and deployment.  This is an abundant and pollution-free resource with tremendous potential to help power the east coast. Thank you @SenJeffMerkley and @SenatorCarper for fighting for the inclusion of a permanent #BuyAmerica provision in the #Senate water #infrastructure bill. #BuyAmerica is a win for U.S. workers, the environment, and the economy.  … It appears that @EPAScottPruitt’s multi-million dollar security detail is being used to “protect” him from the most significant threat to his @EPA: objective reporting by a free press. … At a summit that should have been about protecting Americans from dangerous chemicals, Scott Pruitt’s @EPA was busy protecting him from reporters. This is outrageous. … This law works: The #EndangeredSpeciesAct has prevented the extinction of 99% of species under its protection, including the Red Knot. On #EndangeredSpeciesDay we should be looking for ways to fortify ESA - not undermine a law that has protected biodiversity since 1973.pic.twitter.com/JkMOUVP7ex For years EPA Administrators used special hiring flexibility to better protect public health – but @EPAScottPruitt used it to give $84,895 in pay raises to two favored staffers. @SenDuckworth & I introduced a bill to prevent this abuse from happening again … A CIA Director must be unequivocally opposed to torture. Despite her years of service, I do not believe that Gina Haspel's record is reflective of the values that our country must champion -- not just in word, but in deed.   Read my full statement here: … If we’re serious about economic growth and making American businesses competitive with the rest of the world so we stop losing jobs to other countries, we need to dedicate ourselves to making real, historic infrastructure investments #infrastructureweek The elephant in the room is funding. The Trump Administration’s infrastructure plan to use $200 billion in federal funding to leverage $1.5 trillion defies reality. But Democrats have a plan to uphold candidate-Trump's promise to invest $1 trillion real dollars in infrastructure Gutting regulations that protect the public and our environment aren’t a substitute for real federal dollars. In fact, Congress made major changes to infrastructure permitting and review processes – 20 in 2012 and 16 more in 2015 - that this administration is failing to implement It was great to join @BizRoundtable for #infrastructureweek. Even on our diverse panel, there was one thing we can all agree on – our economy relies on real, smart investments in our infrastructurepic.twitter.com/yxoDLc55ei Adding the Hockessin Groundwater Site to the Superfund National Priorities List will bring in federal funds & allow Delaware officials to work with @EPA to address this contamination. While much work lies ahead, this is an important step for our community … BIG NEWS: Today @SenateDems - along with 3 Republicans - passed a resolution to #SavetheInternet and protect #NetNeutrality Now it's up to the House to preserve the integrity of the internet and ensure all Americans have equal access to this essential platform. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/sHis5Jdorh   @EPAScottPruitt told @AppropsDems today he didn’t request flashing lights & sirens during his non-emergency car rides. But this 2017 note from his then-security chief paints a much different picturepic.twitter.com/g8xrmjabVG Today, I am supporting a resolution in the Senate to save #NetNeutrality because it is the right thing to do. All Americans - not just those who can afford to pay more - should have access to a free and open internet in this day and age Make that an even dozen for @EPAScottPruitt.    After a request from me and @SenJeffMerkley, @EPAoig is opening the 12th federal investigation into Mr. Pruitt’s conduct at EPA:  … … To #RiseAgainstHunger, I joined my House and Senate colleagues to pack meals for families in need around the globe. Roughly 8 million people in the world don't have enough food to live a healthy lifestyle. Thank you @KraftHeinzCo for working to change that and #EndHungerNowpic.twitter.com/XaVq175Enk It was great to catch up with @ALSAssociation to discuss the best ways to ensure individuals living with ALS have access to the care that they need and how we can work together toward our goal of ultimately finding a curepic.twitter.com/uxqOV4sP6B .@EPAScottPruitt told @EnergyCommerce his 24/7 protection was justified by EPA’s watchdog – but @EPAoig said they “played no role in this decision.” Americans deserve to know how Pruitt uses their taxpayer dollars – and if he’s lying to Congress about it. … One of my favorite things to do is meet with students from the Delaware Military Academy. At such a young age, these students already display incredible leadership skills and personal strength. Thank you all for visiting me this week in D.C.!pic.twitter.com/igXrDa0AT3 Congratulations to all of the students graduating in Delaware today. I was honored to speak at @WesleyCollegeDE and @DelStateUniv commencement ceremonies. Your journey is only beginning ... great things await! #graduation #netdepic.twitter.com/BMBQEZ3rBS – bei Wesley College Gooding Hall More piping plovers have picked the beaches of Prime Hook NWR as their nesting place in recent years thanks not only to the fortified beaches, but also protections under the #EndangeredSpeciesAct. We should be strengthening ESA - not watering it down. I was thrilled to also visit Prime Hook NWR today where $38 million in federal funds helped rebuild sand dunes and marsh areas devastated by Hurricane Sandy. The growth of wildlife here is a living testament to the power of effective collaboration and teamwork across government.pic.twitter.com/6pj3s7adM2 This #yearofthebird we mark the 100th anniversary of the landmark Migratory Bird Treaty Act. This historic protection is crucial for the millions of birds that call refuges like Bombay Hook home and make it a beautiful spot for bird watchers and more!pic.twitter.com/63Mu2XOrfS Volunteers are integral to the conservation efforts at refuges here in Delaware and around the country: Over 40,000 volunteers contribute over 1.4 million hours to education and conservation efforts every year. Thank you to all the @USFWSRefuges volunteers who joined me at Bombay Hook NWR outside Dover to celebrate the passage of the KARO Act - reauthorizing crucial refuge volunteer programs.pic.twitter.com/dUd8ubKgpJ Today, I had the chance to meet with the presidents of @PPDelaware and @ReproRights to discuss their commitment to defend reproductive freedom as a fundamental #humanright. Thank you for your leadership and for advocating on behalf of all women and families in our countrypic.twitter.com/vg7IA0Esvb In 2015, I did something that not many senators I know have done: I sat down and read the #IranDeal. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but @POTUS isn’t entitled to his own facts on the #IranDeal, especially when used to purposefully mislead the American people … I’m always up for a selfie, but especially when it’s in the Capitol with Kendall Massett during #CharterSchoolsWeek! Thank you @DECharterNetwrk for all that you do to help students in the First State grow and succeed.pic.twitter.com/WEtNmpRfq7 I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress on both sides of the aisle to get the bipartisan America’s Water Infrastructure Act across the finish line and make these investments in Delaware and across the country. … Water infrastructure — like the dune systems protecting our beach communities, & the treatment facilities & pipelines that supply drinking water — is crucial for Delaware. My bipartisan water resources bill will make smart, needed investments in our decades-old infrastructure. It was great to hear from two Delawareans - @ASBPA President Tony Pratt & @SecretaryDE Jeff Bullock - on the importance of water infrastructure for the First State and how smart investments can continue to grow our economy and help every community. … The internet has transformed the way students learn, entrepreneurs make a living, and loved ones keep in touch with each other. We just need #OneMoreVote to save #NetNeutrality and ensure all Americans have equal access to this invaluable resource … The bipartisan America’s Water Infrastructure Act I introduced earlier today makes smart investments in the water infrastructure that Delawareans rely on every day and that our economy relies on to keep growing … Since 2010, we’ve witnessed the longest-running economic expansion in our nation’s history. If we want this record growth to continue through 2018 and into the next decade, investments in our decades-old water infrastructure in Delaware and across the country will be crucial From Rehoboth Beach to the Port of Wilmington and across the First State, water infrastructure - waterways, ports, drinking and wastewater systems and natural infrastructure along our coasts - touches every sector of our economy and nearly every household I am hopeful that, despite the damage @POTUS seems determined to inflict, this carefully crafted agreement will ultimately survive and Iran and our allies will remain committed to this deal so the U.S. may re-enter it when more rational heads prevail … With absolutely no alternative deal in place, @Potus's irresponsible and shortsighted decision ultimately increases the odds of armed conflict with Iran, and could needlessly provoke a dangerous arms race in the region. Real leaders don't build themselves up by tearing down others. From the TPP to the Paris Agreement and now with the #IranDeal, @POTUS seems to be solely driven by his desire to tear down good policies simply because they are President Obama's achievements. Pulling out of the #IranDeal - with no replacement in sight - leaves America and our allies less safe and diminishes our credibility as a world leader and an honest partner. I urge @POTUS: don’t abandon an agreement that is preventing a nuclear armed Iran … It is great news that consumers will know more about what is in the food they’re ordering. This common sense, bipartisan policy change enhances transparency and allows all Americans to make better-informed decisions … Coastal states like Delaware can’t afford to have valuable #climatechange information used as a political football by @EPAScottPruitt. @EPA has a responsibility to publish its scientific research — not hide behind an “under construction” notice on its website. … Today, I had the opportunity to meet with the hard working teachers at Sunnyside Elementary School in Smyrna. This #TeacherAppreciationWeek, I want to thank them, and all the teachers in the First State, for inspiring and instilling a love of learning in all Delaware studentspic.twitter.com/HlKxYV6yup Before heading to Washington, I made a stop at Sunnyside Elementary School to talk to students about civics. Thanks to fourth grader Mikey for inviting me!pic.twitter.com/9fzlDoNiV7 – bei Sunnyside Elementary I joined First Lady Tracey Carney at @shakeshack to support the 7th Annual Great American Shake Sale for @nokidhungry an organization that works to eliminate childhood hunger. #nokidhungry #shakeitforwardpic.twitter.com/3FIUTwh4LY Enough is enough. The American people deserve to know how their tax dollars are being spent – especially if they’re being abused to enrich Mr. Pruit and his friends. Congress has a constitutional duty to investigate these reports. … Earlier, I urged @SecElaineChao and @EPAScottPruitt to abandon this reckless and legally questionable draft proposal and, instead, work with me, states like California and U.S. automakers toward a win-win solution … .@USDOT and @EPA's draft plan would limit Delaware’s, and other state's, authority to set vehicle standards, while relying on outdated assumptions about safety and downplaying  greenhouse gas emissions’ role in fueling man-made #climatechange A draft @USDOT and @EPA vehicle efficiency and emissions rule proposal I obtained reveals the Trump Administration’s reckless plan to gut current vehicle standards, which would increase harmful air pollution for millions of Americans … After playing politics and putting health care for millions in jeopardy, @SecPriceMD has finally conceded to what health economists, experts and insurers have said about the individual mandate for years. I urge Republicans in Congress to do the same. … Who could have possibly predicted that repealing the individual mandate would lead to higher premiums and fewer Americans insured? Oh, that’s right… … The company recently announced aggressive goals: By 2025, all McDonalds guest packaging will come from renewable, recycled or certified sources. Local owner Mike Meoli and employees discussed the positive impact this will have on Delmarva.pic.twitter.com/4zck3WINHT During my travels around #DE yesterday, I stopped by @EasternShoreMcD in Bridgeville to learn about the company’s new efforts to reduce waste and increase recycling.pic.twitter.com/H0iVNjrKi3 I also had the chance to sit down with small business owners from around Delaware to hear about their successes and the challenges they still face as they work to grow their #smallbusinesses here in the First Statepic.twitter.com/O5dgF8jsie I’m kicking off #SmallBusinessWeek with the dedicated staff of ReNove Med Spa in Rehoboth Beach – one of @SBA_Delaware's Small Businesses of the Year!pic.twitter.com/rCu2ebV4BF This #SmallBusinessWeek, I'd like to highlight some of the nearly 80,000 small businesses throughout Delaware that are the backbone of our communities and drivers of our economy The rain stopped long enough for us to snap this photo today celebrating the addition of solar panels to operate Fort Delaware instead of the old diesel engines that were damaged during Superstorm Sandy.pic.twitter.com/cy7gCyOjNq The hard work they, and others like them across the First State and around the country, do is helping us do the right thing and make progress to ensure every child in the US – no matter where they are born – is protected from those seeking to exploit them. … I’m grateful to Delawareans Dr. Pattiva Cathell, an ELL School Counselor at Sussex Central High School and Laura Graham, Deputy Director of the Community Legal Aid Society, Inc. for joining me today and for their tireless advocacy on behalf of these unaccompanied childrenpic.twitter.com/LLrhny7y4C Tragically, unaccompanied children in @HHSGov’s charge continue to be exploited by those who use them as free labor, or worse. In fact HHS has ‘lost’ 1,500 of 7,000 children in this program. After two years of broken promises, HHS and DHS must deliver. … When children arrive at our borders without a parent or guardian, the law requires @HHSGov to take custody of and care for those children as we would our own. Earlier, @SenRobPortman and I held a hearing to highlight how HHS and @DHSgov are still falling short on that mandate I always say that when the team does well, a true leader gives credit to the team. When the team falls short, the leader takes the blame.  Today, @EPAScottPruitt failed to show real leadership and refused to accept any responsibility for his series of ethical failures at @EPA.pic.twitter.com/kRKxeKpGlZ I had hoped to discuss these issues and others with Mr. Pompeo first-hand. Unfortunately, he couldn't make the time to meet with me ahead of today's vote. Though I hope I am wrong, I am not convinced that Mr. Pompeo will suitably represent American values around the world. Mr. Pompeo has repeatedly sought to undermine the historic agreement that has halted Iran’s nuclear program. And he has opposed efforts to advance the rights of minorities, including women and LGBT people, and has promoted deeply troubling views regarding Muslim Americans Now, perhaps more than ever, I believe America’s top diplomat must be an individual who will reassure our allies around the world of America’s commitment to democracy, humanitarianism and critical international agreements, including the Iran nuclear deal (JCPOA) Job Seekers! Stop by the Rehoboth Convention Center from 1 - 5 pm today to meet with more than 40 companies looking to fill seasonal and full time positions. #netdepic.twitter.com/blInrNcIeQ Thank you to @SenRobPortman and @SenatorCarper, for holding a hearing today on unaccompanied children. Protections must be guaranteed for these vulnerable children & their families. #NotALoophole #KeepFamiliesTogether France is one of the United States’ closest allies—and oldest friends. I was heartened by President @EmmanuelMacron's remarks this morning urging us all to reject fear, uphold our international commitments, and work together to leave a clean, safe planet for future generations. Scott Pruitt may want less data to inform our scientific decisions, but I want more data from him on why he thinks this is a good idea.   Spoiler alert: My @EPWDems colleagues and I, along with nearly 1,000 scientists, think it's a bad idea.   … … I look forward to working with @SenRonJohnson and @ClaireCMC to continue to conduct oversight of @DHSgov cybersecurity programs, and ensure that @NPPD is equipped to face a range of growing threats The best time for cybersecurity is always. I'm pleased @SenRonJohnson held today’s hearing on progress at @NPPD. But this hearing comes months into the 2018 election season and a year after comprehensive cyber strategy was due. We learned today that there is far more work to dopic.twitter.com/jPV4Bw1usj Cyber threats to our nation's assets are ever evolving. That's why in 2014 and 2015 I worked to provide @DHSgov needed tools to attract top cyber talent, work with federal agencies to protect sensitive information and share cyber threat information with private sector partners .@EPAScottPruitt clearly thinks the rules apply to everyone but him and his friends. Congress has a constitutional duty to protect taxpayer dollars from abuses like those rampant at Pruitt's EPA. I look forward to working with willing colleagues in Congress to get all the facts … Back in my old office to celebrate the @DHIN_HIE . Electronic Medical Records transformed health care delivery, and Delaware’s program continues to be a model for the rest of the country.pic.twitter.com/IojkZ5fiHL – bei Delaware Legislative Hall On this 48th celebration of Earth Day, let's recommit ourselves to the efforts that we know are working in states and local communities across the country and vow to do  more - not less - to protect the only home we all have. … Instead of continuing the progress we’ve made over the past 48 years, this administration has made clear its intent to roll back clean air rules and clean water protections while burying its head in the sand on the greatest environmental challenge of our time, #climatechange I joined millions of marchers on the first #EarthDay in 1970 as together we fought for major changes in the Clean Air Act and passage of the Clean Water Act. On #EarthDay2018, these bedrock laws are under attack by a reckless @EPA Administrator I am proud to have led the years-long effort to bring a national park to Delaware. With #EarthDay tomorrow, this weekend is a great opportunity to #FindYourPark at one of First State National Historical Park’s seven locations across Delaware. … To celebrate #NationalParkWeek, entry today at all national parks is free. I hope you can #FindYourPark in Delaware and visit our very own First State National Historical Park, with over 1,000 beautiful acres telling the story of Delaware’s special role in our nation’s history.pic.twitter.com/NeHBBhEYcp We should treat every day as #EarthDay, because our actions today, tomorrow and next week all have an impact on the number of asthma attacks in Delaware, the number of schools with tainted water. There’s always more to do to protect public health and our environment Clearer air. Safer water. These aren’t just environmental buzz words. For kids in Delaware, the policies we enact as a nation have an impact on their quality of life. There is no excuse for us to abandon our commitment to their health and walk back environmental protections.pic.twitter.com/cQhav8w7s9 It was great to join families in Wilmington today to kick off #EarthDay2018 celebrations. I’m proud to see Delawareans taking action, at every level, to clean up our state and our planet and make the health of our children a priority in everything they dopic.twitter.com/qIFsY2A9wk Eight years since the #DeepwaterHorizon disaster, Gulf Coast communities and economies are still recovering. An oil spill of any size would devastate Delaware's 28 miles of coastline. To #protectourcoast, and our economy, we must reject offshore drilling … Delaware is no stranger to clean water challenges, as the crisis in Blades reminded us. The federal #CleanWaterAct is a vital tool for us to hold upstream polluters accountable. The law has been working for nearly 50 years. We shouldn’t undermine it now … Efforts to undermine these federal protections aren’t hypothetical – they have real impacts on Delaware’s ability to hold polluters accountable if they dirty the waters of the Brandywine Creek, for example, which flows from Pennsylvania and provides water to all of Wilmingtonpic.twitter.com/fztDe695Au Yesterday, the EPW Committee held a hearing designed to question rules in the Clean Water Act that have been used by downstream states like Delaware for decades to protect our groundwater from polluters hundreds of miles upstream. .@EPAScottPruitt was the wrong choice to lead @EPA last year, and he has absolutely no business running this agency today. … I have believed that Scott Pruitt was unfit to serve as @EPA Administrator since he was nominated. Over the last year, he has been worse than expected - with dangerous policies, ethical failings, wasteful spending and no accountability to the people whom he is supposed to serve. During his confirmation process, I warned about Mr. Pruitt’s ‘unacceptably casual approach to meeting obligations as a public servant.’ Unfortunately, that warning fell on deaf ears. Today, I joined 169 of my colleagues in Congress calling on @EPAScottPruitt to resign.pic.twitter.com/eqops7qWP1 If it were a private company, @USPS would rank 37th on the Fortune 500. While I can’t imagine any Fortune 500 company operating with an empty board of directors, today, there are zero Senate confirmed members of the @USPS Board of Governors - Congress must fix this mismanagementpic.twitter.com/7X13oQ52RD The @LungAssociation’s 2018 #StateoftheAir report makes plain the need for strong enforcement of the federal #CleanAirAct. Moving backward on clean air efforts isn’t a boon for our economy, it is an assault on the health of our families … For nearly 50 years, the #CleanAirAct has been protecting Delawareans from unaccountable polluters hundreds of miles away. Sadly, President Trump and @EPAScottPruitt are actively working against #cleanair progress, and many of their actions will create more pollution in Delaware Unfortunately, Delaware sits at the end of ‘America’s tailpipe.’ 90% of our air pollution comes from other states hundreds of miles away. Despite our best efforts, Delaware can only do so much to improve air quality on our own … In just nine years, #RGGI states, including Delaware, have cut power plant emissions in half. Instead of hurting our economy, as opponents would argue, GDP growth in RGGI states continues to outpace the rest of country, while also cleaning up our air. … Her 'nerves of steel' prevented an even greater tragedy. From a former naval flight officer to a former naval fighter pilot: Bravo Zulu, Tammie Jo. … First Lady Barbara Bush was a remarkable public servant who gave politics a good name. She was funny and feisty and, boy, did she love her family. She was a joy to be around and a true role model for us all. May she rest in peace Thank you @DucksUnlimited for your work promoting wetland and wildlife conservation. It’s great to have a partner in efforts to promote natural infrastructure and spread the word on the vital role it plays in environmental protection and  creating resilient public works projects.pic.twitter.com/4MAg5T8gRH Reports show the GOP’s tax bill is doing exactly what it was designed to do – and exactly what we predicted it would do – providing massive profits to rich investors and top executives #taxday … As #taxday 2018 comes to a close, we are starting to see the truth around the GOP’s claim that their tax bill would provide historic tax cuts for middle class families: “pure fantasy” … Instead, we need real federal funding that doesn’t burden cash-strapped states and makes real investments that put Americans to work rebuilding our decades old roads, highways, bridges, ports and waterways. Thank you @NASHTUWORKS for keeping America moving! Congress needs to get to work on an #infrastructure bill that works for every state. What won’t work is the administration’s plan to invest $200 billion in infrastructure while cutting $240 billion in other transportation fundingpic.twitter.com/tXys1Mrer3 Despite Republicans in Congress refusing to conduct oversight of @EPAScottPruitt, our requested @USGAO review shows Pruitt’s abuse of taxpayer dollars isn't just poor judgement – it's illegal. Now, more than ever, Congress must perform its oversight duties … Assad must face consequences for barbaric strikes carried out against his own people, but military action alone is not enough. We must pursue diplomatic solutions with our allies that respect the will of the Syrian people and dissuade our adversaries from destabilizing activities Last week, President Trump promised to pull U.S. forces out of Syria. Days later, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad carried out a horrific chemical weapons attack on his own people. @POTUS must develop and submit to Congress a cohesive strategy to address the conflict in Syria Allen and Sondra Messick‘s Farm in Seaford makes great use of @USDA_NRCS programs. Incentive programs for cover crops, irrigation water management, and nutrient management improve soil health and the farm’s bottom line.pic.twitter.com/HVxa4W8vjf “To forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second time.” – Elie Wiesel.   On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, we remember the six million Jews and countless others murdered in the name of hatred. #NeverAgain … From researching and implementing new teaching strategies to ensuring a safe car line at the start and end of a school day, assistant principals do it all! #APWeek18 I'm proud of our nation's assistant principals who work hard to raise student achievement and mentor teachers. I joined @SenDougJones to introduce a resolution naming this week Assistant Principals Week   #APWeek18 When executive branch officials like @EPAScottPruitt fail to do their jobs, Congress has a constitutional duty to hold them accountable and get to the truth. Oversight shouldn't only be important when @BarackObama is in the White Housepic.twitter.com/wsZbXSPPrW Scott Pruitt is not an emperor. He is the @EPA Administrator and, as such, he should be protecting and serving the American people -- not himself. But he has failed to do so at every single turn Hearing from constituents who disagree with us is part of the job and does not justify $3 million worth of security. Congress needs to do its constitutional duty and investigate @EPAScottPruitt’s use of taxpayer funds for private security … After @EPAScottPruitt told Fox News he wasn't aware two of his favored employees received massive raises, an EPA official informed @SenWhitehouse and I that simply wasn't true. That's why we instructed @EPA to turn over all documents related to the raises … Sincere congratulations to @SenDuckworth and her entire family from Martha and me! Maile could not have picked a more incredible mother, the first sitting Senator to become a new mom. … Thanks to my tour guides Javier, Latrell and Jaylyn for showing me around @NativityPrepDE today! #netdepic.twitter.com/Rts5CWHpHJ Early this morning I stopped by @UDelaware to meet with freshman students in the @udhorn program who are learning how to engage in their community. #netdepic.twitter.com/XW0OZSmGYv – bei Perkins Student Center #UDel Thank you @RepBRochester and @SenatorCarper for an open and honest dialogue with over 100 of our constituents on how to reduce gun violence in our communities. Thanks to @NCCDE #MarchForOurLives students for bringing us together. #netde … – bei Cpl. Paul J Sweeney Public Safety Building Packed house this morning for a conversation with our constituents in New Castle County about using common sense when it comes to #GunReform. #TownHallForOurLivespic.twitter.com/4BwWH7prLf My bipartisan Postal Service Reform Act introduced with @JerryMoran @SenatorHeitkamp @McCaskillOffice would put the Postal Service on firm financial footing, improve service performance and allow for the development of new products and services. … FACT CHECK: Amazon packages cover their own costs and Amazon’s contracts with @USPS help keep the Postal Service afloat. But Amazon isn’t the solution - @USPS needs Congress to act so it can address its pension obligations and adapt to the 21st century.  … … pic.twitter.com/RIAcMuVlfX Dr. King didn’t just preach the Golden Rule. He dedicated his life to showing its value to every American. We can truly honor Dr. King’s memory by seeing the humanity in everyone we encounter and treating every person with the dignity, respect and compassion they deserve #MLK50pic.twitter.com/9XVgvee0EW Since my mom first took me to the Southern Baptist church across the street from our house, I have read and studied my Bible countless times over, and I have never come across a passage I found more instructive than the Golden Rule - treat others the way you want to be treated. But it’s not too late - EPA, automakers, and the State of California should come together and find a win-win solution that benefits taxpayers and our economy and also moves us forward in protecting our environment and combating #climatechange … .@EPA’s rollback of car and truck emissions rules is a short-sighted effort that threatens both our progress to protect our environment and hundreds of billions of dollars in taxpayer savings at the pump Discussing the Downtown Partnership and federal investments in Milford this morning. Here, the inside of Lou’s Bootery - built in 1834 - is getting a remodel and locals are uncovering its rich history.pic.twitter.com/ZZEtgT25Zq Bright and early this morning, Martha, our son Christopher and I headed out North from Harper’s Ferry on the Trail, stopping off at Washington Monument State Park where this photo was taken on a picture perfect early spring day. We wish those back home a joyous Easter.pic.twitter.com/1K7wpqyJL9 Caring for our veterans is a sacred duty. Allowing partisan politics to jeopardize the progress we’ve made rebuilding our facilities and improving access to the care our veterans are owed in order for some to make a profit is simply not an option … I’m very thankful to Secretary Shulkin for his service, and I know our nation’s veterans are, too. My full statement on his firing here:  This past Monday, Secretary Shulkin attended my annual veterans summit in Delaware. As it ended, those in attendance gave him a standing ovation. That's not only a testament to Secretary Shulkin as an individual, but also to the great strides he has made leading the VA Barely one year ago, Secretary Shulkin was confirmed unanimously by the Senate to lead the @DeptVetAffairs. Since then, he has worked hard to restore the trust of both veterans and taxpayers Join me and @JohnCarneyDE for a discussion on the environment tonight! … We can’t rest on our laurels, though. We need to keep fighting to protect the foundational clean air, clean water and toxic chemical protections our families have relied on for a generation. Moving backward on these protections would be dangerous and defy common sense Sometimes, success is measured by the bad things you keep from happening – like the nearly 100 dangerous environmental riders we kept out of the #omnibus funding bill trying to roll back clean air and water protections and efforts to combat #climatechange … With new technology, ships are getting bigger. That’s why we rely on the Army Corps to keep the Christina and Delaware Rivers dredged so ships from around the world can call in the First State. The Port of Wilmington moves 6.8 million tons of cargo every year - including more bananas than any other port in North America. The Army Corps waterway management helps make it all possible.pic.twitter.com/2RbjyBrY54 Last week, Congress passed an #omnibus spending bill for fiscal year 2018 that included funding for @usacehq’s beach renourishment efforts in Delaware along the coast. With steady funding, the Army Corps can help us protect our towns from rising seas and frequent & intense stormspic.twitter.com/ksMKACusdn Next, we visited @rehoboth_beach to see their newly restored beaches and protective dunes that the Army Corps repaired just over a year ago. Rebuilt dunes and beaches make a world of difference for our coastal communities, families and businessespic.twitter.com/gI9jUfVTi2 This morning, Secretary James and I toured Bethany Beach to see the need for Army Corps assistance in rebuilding their storm-damaged beaches. Our beaches are crucial to our economy, and a healthy beach serves as a buffer between the ocean and our businesses and homespic.twitter.com/TgAYpCBosA Great to welcome Assistant Secretary of @usarmy for Civil Works R.D. James to Delaware today. Overseeing @USACEHQ, Secretary James and the Army Corps are critical partners in many of the projects that keep Delaware - and our economy - moving.pic.twitter.com/LBCBILGAIH At a time when the @uscensusbureau is without permanent leadership, already projecting record low response rates, and struggling to test for the #2020Census, this is the wrong decision for so many reasons All levels of our government and the businesses that drive our economy are relying on accurate #2020Census data to plan accordingly and make investment decisions. Adding a controversial question that will likely decrease responses is irresponsible and a waste of taxpayer dollars Our Constitution, which established the #Census, calls for a counting of all people living in this country -- both citizens and non-citizens. Suddenly adding a citizenship question is entirely unnecessary and goes against the very purpose of the Census Then-candidate Trump began his campaign by demonizing immigrants. His administration's rhetoric and actions regarding immigrants have only heightened concern. Adding a politically-motivated citizenship question to #2020Census is another piece of @POTUS' anti-immigrant agenda The Trump Administration’s decision to add a question about citizenship to the #2020Census is not only deeply troubling and legally questionable, but also threatens to undermine the accuracy of this critical count … The #omnibus spending bill that the Senate passed last week includes an additional $8.5 million for @DelawareDOT to help fund smart projects like this that are good for our economy and safety Beautiful day for a groundbreaking in Milford! The new overpass at Route 1 and Northeast Front Street will decrease congestion and improve safety for drivers and pedestrianspic.twitter.com/GuQK5FNHSN Great to welcome @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Shulkin to Wilmington for my annual Veterans Summit. There's more work to do, but it was good to hear the progress the VA is making to combat #opioid addiction among our vets and address the heartbreaking challenge of veteran suicidepic.twitter.com/dXL49QfpCY Happy 5th birthday First State National Historical Park! If you haven’t checked out the sites that make up Delaware’s wonderful park which tells the early story of our country, I encourage you to visit!pic.twitter.com/7KVUd1rKzq Proud to walk alongside hundreds of my neighbors at today’s #MarchForOurLives I’m with you. #enoughisenoughpic.twitter.com/MqH9g2EQtk Crowd is building for #MarchForOurLivesWilm #enoughisenoughpic.twitter.com/bYJFomk2Nr – bei Howard High School of Technology These statistics tell us one thing: The ACA is working. But we can always make it better. Instead of ripping health care away from more than 20 million Americans, let’s #protectourcare and work together to make this law work for even more Americans in the next 8 years and beyond. Just last year, Delawareans saw the beneficial impacts of the ACA: More than 20,000 marketplace enrollees received over $100,000 in premium tax credits for 2017. 8 years ago today, the Affordable Care Act was signed into law. Today, the #ACA has insured over 20 million Americans, including 67,900 Delawareans through Medicaid expansion alone. Thank you to Meredith and all of the concerned parents who have been speaking out and pushing to protect our clean air and clean water progress from those who want to move us backward. We must keep fighting to keep our families safe … While no compromise legislation is perfect, the #omnibus includes important priorities for Delawareans, including funding to combat the #OpioidEpidemic, maintain a healthy Chesapeake Bay and support critical #cleanair programs. My full statement here:  In 2005, John Bolton was too extreme to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Today, we are living in an increasingly fragile world. It’s hard to imagine a more dangerous pick for President Trump’s national security advisor From small towns like Blades to big cities like Wilmington, every community must have strong environmental protections and modern water #infrastructure to provide them the safe, clean drinking water our families deserve. #WorldWaterDay … The new report from @SenateHSGACDems confirms what @CBP agents have been telling me for years - They need access to “force multiplier” technologies. They need more customs officers at our airports and ports of entry. They don’t need a wall. … Stay warm and safe! … Delaware’s agriculture community contributes nearly $8 billion to our economy each year. On #NationalAgDay we recognize the tireless work of our farmers and farm families to keep the First State punching above its weight.   …pic.twitter.com/0CvdpIsKiX Our most important task as a nation is to make sure all our young people can achieve their dreams. We’ve started this work with @MBK_Alliance, but there’s so much more all of us have to do—government, private sector, academia & community leaders—to change the odds for our kids. … #6MonthsAfterMaria, Puerto Rico may not be in the headlines anymore, but we can’t forget the Americans still struggling to rebuild. We must do all we can to continue supporting Puerto Rico and the #USVI and ensure they can rebuild stronger than before … Instead of talking points calling on us to ‘be tougher,’ we need smart solutions that address the root causes of the #opioidcrisis devastating so many communities in Delaware and across the country … The President claims that a border wall with Mexico would help combat the #opioidcrisis, but my report with @SenRobPortman shows that many of the deadly synthetic opioids we see are coming in through our own postal system from China. … The #FARMAct helps maintain that balance - ensuring our communities have access to public health information while also not unduly burdening our family-run farms with the same federal reporting requirements for large-scale businesses. … Delaware has 300 chickens for every person. Along with the economic benefits from our world-class chicken industry, come environmental challenges. But we've worked hard over the years to strike a balance that supports our farmers while caring for our environment and communities Among Delaware’s fine higher ed institutions is @DelStateUniv in Dover. I had a chance to speak with interim president Dr. Mishoe and her leadership team this morning to see how they are doing and how we can be helpful. #hornetsrising #netdepic.twitter.com/Zk2wgCL9g5 – bei Delaware State University Congratulations to all of the runners in @AmericanLungDE @CRhalfmarathon today. We did it!pic.twitter.com/9iOL0Cc7iP Excited to spread the word about the first-ever #GlobalRecyclingDay with my Senate Recycling Caucus co-chair @JohnBoozman. If each of us commits to just one change in our recycling habits - like using a reusable water bottle when we exercise - we’ll make a world of difference.pic.twitter.com/ypl4r2yijc I am running my 35th @LungAssociation Caesar Rodney Half Marathon this morning to support #cleanair and #healthylungspic.twitter.com/EneQI997AA – bei Rodney Square Good luck to all of my fellow runners in today’s @AmericanLungDE Caesar Rodney Half Marathon. See you at the starting line! #CleanAir #BornToRun #HalfMarathon Clean energy companies like @Bloom_Energy and its hundreds of employees in Delaware are thankful to learn that a long-awaited legislative fix has restored clean energy investment tax credits. #energy #jobs #netdepic.twitter.com/FMH1n9Ga9U Delaware lost a true advocate and a wonderful person. My deepest sympathy to Steve Elkins' husband Murray, their family, and the CAMP Rehoboth community. I’m calling on @POTUS to take concrete steps to stabilize the #RFS RIN market, provide price certainty to our refiners and limit the ability of bad actors to manipulate this market for financial gain.  …pic.twitter.com/h4KqFAlBuY Last year alone, the price of renewable fuel “RIN” credits our merchant refineries in Delaware and across the country purchase to comply with the #RenewableFuelStandard fluctuated from around 30 cents to more than a dollar – that’s more than 300%. About to go on live with Joe and Nancy on @937WSTW to talk about the @AmericanLungDE Caesar Rodney Half Marathon on Sunday #cleanair #borntorunpic.twitter.com/Qvs20qjuwA – bei WSTW 93.7 / WDEL 1150 More than 90% of American families send their kids to public schools, including 136,000 young Delawareans. This #PublicSchoolsWeek, let's celebrate the teachers, principals, parents and countless others who work to strengthen our school system and encourage students to succeed.pic.twitter.com/yv28iiqVk8 .@EPAScottPruitt continually insists that 'process matters.' If he truly believes that, he'll reinstate the 'once in always in' rule until @EPA can fully examine the true public health dangers this decision poses to every American. … I met with the @DelawarePTA to talk about gun violence in our schools and communities, and other issues facing our students and families today. We agree our students are leading us in the right direction. #EnoughIsEnough It's time for Congress to act.pic.twitter.com/c9wbdG03zM I'm so proud of the First State's students for their leadership and courage. Delaware, I stand with you to say #EnoughIsEnough. #NationalWalkoutDay I’m honored to get to use the infamous #TimetoWakeUp poster. Thanks @SenWhitehouse for sharing (and for leading the fight against #climatechange) … .@EPA’s own analysis concluded that unregulated glider emissions could prematurely kill thousands of people and increase instances of lung cancer, heart disease and asthma. I’m asking @EPAScottPruitt why he’s repealing glider-emissions rules  … … Congrats to @UDelaware @UDance for raising over $2m this weekend to help fight childhood cancer through @BePositiveFdn I was honored to be a part of your efforts yesterday! … The #FARMAct is one place where we’ve worked across party lines to find common ground, providing certainty for our farmers, while ensuring local officials, public health experts, and other members of our communities who want information about what is in their air can get it. At the same time, we’ve worked to strike a balance that allows our agriculture industry – like our chicken and soybean farmers – to flourish while also protecting our natural resources. Delaware is a model for the rest of the country as we seek that balance in everything we do.pic.twitter.com/k1dWK1az5w Delaware has worked hard over the years to be a good neighbor so Maryland and Virginia, and common spaces like the Chesapeake, aren’t harmed by our actions. We’ve made progress, but there’s more work to be done to protect our planet for future generations. … I commit to continue working alongside you to #pressforprogress and fight for true equality for all. #IWD2018 On this #internationalwomensday we celebrate every woman around the globe who is speaking out and sparking change in her own way. Each and every one of you - the advocates, educators, mentors, mothers and leaders – is inspiring others and making this world a better place. The success of the Endangered Species Act is well known - providing $1.6 trillion a year in economic benefits. Before we make any changes, we need to do our homework and find out what impacts an exemption would have on our environment.pic.twitter.com/zpWVsT58N4 I’m pleased the Homeland Security Committee worked together to remove language from our DHS reauthorization bill that would have exempted the National Flood Insurance Program from part of the #EndangeredSpeciesAct. We have an opportunity to do something meaningful, something we all know is necessary and long overdue, to address our nation’s infrastructure needs. I hope we can find the places where there is agreement, work together and not squander this opportunity. … Underinvestment in infrastructure isn't just being felt in Blades, Delaware. We all agree that historic infrastructure investments are desperately needed across the country – that’s why candidate Trump’s call for $1 trillion in infrastructure spending resonated with voters. The @SenateDems #infrastructure proposal unveiled today provides a roadmap for $1 trillion in real investment in drinking and wastewater systems, roads, highways, bridges, ports and waterways, broadband and other critical priorities.pic.twitter.com/5bzR8DMmw8 Until we get serious about funding modern drinking water systems across the country, small towns and families will continue to bear both the financial and public health burdens of our inaction. … Unfortunately, the Trump Administration’s #infrastructure proposal focuses more on cutting environmental protections – like those that address water pollution – rather than making the historic investments in our infrastructure we badly need. In Delaware, we've seen that smart investments can dramatically improve our water quality. But states can't tackle this challenge on their own – the federal government has an important role to play, too. We had a successful outcome in Blades thanks to everyone’s hard work. However, if we’re serious about making lasting progress, we must focus on the root causes of these all-too-common drinking water crises, rather than just addressing the symptoms as they arise. Last month, when water testing in the town of Blades, Delaware showed contamination from PFCs, I was heartened by the all-hands-on-deck effort that came together quickly to provide emergency water supplies and work toward getting the town clean water again. We can either pretend we’re going to invest in our country’s #infrastructure, or we can actually do it. @SenateDems have a $1 trillion infrastructure plan that makes real investments in our country and our workerspic.twitter.com/xPmwfjz8Oq The water crisis in Blades was just the tip of the iceberg. Decades of underfunding will lead to more frequent water crises unless Congress does its job and makes real investments. Thank you to the Delaware Rural Water Association for continuing to champion water #infrastructurepic.twitter.com/d7mtHxjt6J Public servants should be working to enrich the lives of those we serve, not the other way around. I hope @EPAScottPruitt answers our questions quickly and takes a thoughtful look at whether or not those in his office are being good stewards of taxpayer dollars … Let’s not get ourselves confused here, Mr. President. President Obama created DACA. You ended it. But you can still work with Congress to #ProtectDreamers now. … President Trump's arbitrary expiration date on protections for #DACA recipients is here, and @POTUS's failure to lead means 800,000 dreamers now live in greater fear of being deported from the only home they've ever known. … And why did the old lady swallow a shirt? You’ll have to read the book to find out! #ReadAcrossAmericaDaypic.twitter.com/oBhgQ4ebix As Christians, we try our best to live our lives guided by scripture. As Americans, we rely on our federal agencies to be guided by science … My team and I are keeping a close watch on this storm and its impact on Delaware’s communities, especially in coastal and inland areas prone to flooding. If you are out or on the road today, please be cautious and stay safe! … Earlier today, I questioned the @CommerceGov Department’s Chief Human Capital Officer about the lack of nominees for these jobs and I’ll continue to push the administration to nominate qualified leaders so the Census can accurately perform its Constitutionally mandated work.pic.twitter.com/ISe88NaxRU For more than a year now, the @uscensusbureau has been operating without a Senate confirmed Director and Deputy Director. With less than two years until the 2020 Decennial Census, now more than ever, the Census needs experienced, qualified and nonpartisan leadership. Navy salutes @CivilAirPatrol! The first time I sat in the left seat of an airplane was as a CAP Cadet. Glad to see the Delaware Wing continues to serve the First State and produce bright, dedicated cadets.pic.twitter.com/hoNbJxMz8t Thank you to the Delaware School for the Deaf for taking time to meet with my team in Washington yesterday. We’re going to keep working together to ensure that children and young adults with special needs have the resources they need to learn and thrive.pic.twitter.com/0Bjf1RoeRH Figuring out how we pay for things is always the hard part. But we weren’t elected to just tackle the easy things – Congress has an opportunity to do something meaningful to address our nation’s infrastructure needs, and we shouldn’t squander it. Frankly, the best way to speed up projects is to provide long-term funding and program certainty. Time and time again, the research has shown that inadequate funding is the most common factor delaying water and transportation projects. And gutting environmental protections does not achieve time or cost savings for infrastructure projects. Instead, we should implement the new authorities that Congress has already passed in 2012, 2015 and 2016. We can’t go from an 80 percent federal share to a 20 percent share and expect states that are already facing budget constraints to pick up the slack. And it’s hard to take @POTUS's $200 billion proposal seriously when it’s paired with a budget that would cut $240 billion from existing #infrastructure programs. President Trump's math around infrastructure just doesn't add up. He promised $1 trillion on the campaign trail, but his plans will only generate ~$30 billion.  … … It was good to meet with Guatemala’s Ambassador to the U.S., Manuel Espina, and hear about his country’s efforts to make Guatemala a better place to live and prosper. I hope to be able to visit him in his office someday soon!pic.twitter.com/a21mVAjxO3 Thank you @DICKS Sporting Goods for showing leadership, and some much needed common sense in the effort to protect our families from gun violence. It’s long past time for Congress to do the same … Always a pleasure to speak to transportation leaders from across the country at @aashtospeaks. State DOT officials are working hard to do their jobs. Now, Congress needs to do its job and finally address our #infrastructure needs in a comprehensive and responsible waypic.twitter.com/aR2WxNNS2r This is unacceptable and we should expect more transparency from GSA in responding to the Senate committee with oversight responsibilities, and to the American people whom they serve. … .@USGSA continues to withhold information about whether the President would benefit from the lease of #TrumpHotel. For example, GSA will not tell me whether Trump Hotel buys Trump wine or other Trump products, the sales of which would clearly benefit President Trump financially. Of the nearly 12,000 pages of documents @USGSA provided, only 22 pages directly pertain to the lease. Not a single one of those 22 pages contains the analysis I requested. Instead, there are hundreds of pages about maintenance issues and the location of a Starbucks in the hotel. For over a year, I have asked @USGSA for documents on its determination that the #TrumpHotel lease complies with ethics and conflicts requirements preventing an elected official from being a party to a federal lease or benefiting financially from it. … .@SenatorCarper: “All members of this Committee should be concerned about this new plan for the FBI.  It raises serious questions - from the impacts on national security to the excess cost that this decision may likely impose on the Federal Government.” Great to talk with leaders in the #EV industry today about how we can continue to work together to make sure our country and our cars are on the cutting edge.pic.twitter.com/jiUoRvaUFQ We need to continue the progress we've already made by ensuring that our tax policies encourage future investments and that our transportation policies provide funding for charging and refueling infrastructure across our country. Our investments in electric and fuel cell vehicles are reducing harmful pollution that contributes to #climatechange, providing economic opportunities here at home and reducing our dependence on foreign oil -- a win-win-win! It’s always great to talk with @DelStateUniv Interim President Dr. Wilma Mishoe and her predecessor @tmcf_hbcu President Dr. Harry Williams. Together, we celebrate the incredible faculty, students and staff at #HBCUs across the country!pic.twitter.com/XeSLzKiuDJ Now more than ever, we need leaders from around the country–governors, mayors, parents and active citizens–to continue to make their voices heard and tell this administration that we will not accept rollbacks that leave the next generation with a less safe or less healthy planet In 2018, I’ll continue to lead @EPWDems as we fight for #cleanair and #cleanwater, hold @EPA accountable to the people it is charged with protecting and work to ensure we don’t reverse the progress we’ve made to combat #climatechange Over the past year, we’ve seen an unprecedented assault on our core environmental and public health protections. I’m proud to receive an A on the 2017 #LCVScorecard for fighting to protect these safeguards for our families and our environment  If Mr. Pruitt isn't committed to transparency at his EPA, then I would remind him that FOIA is the law of the land and for good reason. The public is entitled to know if and how the EPA is working to protect the environment and public health. … FOIA may sound like just another Washington acronym, but the Freedom of Information Act is an important law that helps to ensure that the American people know what government officials are doing with their time and with taxpayer money. It's been over a year and we still haven't gotten a response from @DeptofDefense about President Trump's cell phone use.  Call me, maybe? … We have a moral obligation to help victims of human trafficking. Thank you for your dedication to raising awareness, @SenBobCorker. Together, we can end it. #EndItMovement pic.twitter.com/YEiaJghzQg Blades’ water is back! A coordinated effort between the town, state agencies and federal govt. helped get the town’s drinking water back up and running quickly.pic.twitter.com/fiMxGObd4r – bei Blades Town Hall I urge my Republican colleagues to LISTEN to the Parkland survivors. These brave young men and women are showing leadership in the wake of tragedy. We owe it to them to say #EnoughIsEnough and ACT to reduce gun violence. All students, families and teachers are welcome to come out to Del Tech in Dover Thursday night at 6pm to learn about applying to our nation's service academies.pic.twitter.com/iIS5TmYB6K I stopped by @de_turf to see how the complex is helping drive economic development in Kent County. With scores of tournaments and events, the complex is bringing thousands of athletes and players to our area.pic.twitter.com/7cwl9Zg8bP – bei De Turf Sports Complex How President Trump "took the heat" on immigration reform this week: by pressuring my Republican colleagues to vote against a bipartisan deal that would protect Dreamers, secure our border and make every American safer … A number of senators on both sides of the aisle worked in good faith to reach a deal to protect Dreamers. But when the opportunity arose, too few of my Republican colleagues were willing to take it. … The bright side of a dark day in the Senate is that the American people can now see clearly how much Democrats are willing to compromise to protect these deserving young people … The old saying goes: "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." Well, the shame is on us if we ignore the threat we continue to face from Russia with respect to our country's free and fair election system. … We heard it from our intelligence agencies. We heard it from Secretary Tillerson. We heard it from Director Coats. Now this. If you had any doubt that Russia meddled in our 2016 elections, this is your wake-up call. … My thoughts are with you and your high school and hometown, @RacquelR305. Enough is enough. Congress needs to act now. … I’m praying for the families who lost their loved ones today. But I know my prayers aren’t enough. Congress must take action to address our country’s epidemic of gun violence. This morning I had the special honor of joining the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing to introduce Maryellen Noreika and Colm Connolly, both nominees to be U.S. District Judges for the District of Delawarepic.twitter.com/7jq247PIwv I'm sure that @EPAScottPruitt's $1,600 first-class plane ride from D.C. to New York was comfortable, but he only had to ask and I would've saved him a seat next to me on @Amtrak's Northeast Regional! We could've even sat in the quiet car. … It's imperative that nominees for top leadership posts at the @uscensusbureau are experienced, qualified and nonpartisan individuals willing to work with Congress and the administration to ensure a fair and accurate Census … Today I was visited by my friends at @SODelaware. They brought me a very special shirt to #PledgeRespect and spread the word to end the word. The @SpecialOlympics does such important work to educate, empower and build inclusive communities across the country.pic.twitter.com/gvce6qwD4b President Trump has the audacity to release his #InfrastructurePlan on the very same day that his #TrumpBudget proposes slashing $240 billion from existing infrastructure programs. Well, the American people aren’t fooled. We've seen this movie before. The #GOPTaxBill asked middle class Americans to pay for a giveaway to corporations and billionaires. Now, President Trump's #InfrastructurePlan asks cash-strapped states to cover the cost when it comes to funding infrastructure improvements. An #InfrastructurePlan that relies on cities and states that already bear the lion's share of funding obligations for infrastructure is a bad deal, especially for rural states. President Trump can equivocate and talk about leveraging federal dollars, but the math just does not add up. $200 billion is a far cry from the $1 trillion that then-candidate Trump promised, and it's even further from the $1.5 trillion he touted today. On the campaign trail, then-candidate Trump promised a large scale, trillion dollar infrastructure investment.   After waiting more than a year for President Trump's #InfrastructurePlan, what the White House released today is unrealistic, inadequate and irresponsible. As our nation's top environmental official spends an undisclosed amount of taxpayer dollars to jet set around the world, the #TrumpBudget guts @EPA's funding by 34% – that's critical funding that would go toward ensuring all Americans have a safe and healthy environment. After the first reports of @EPAScottPruitt's questionable travel expenses surfaced last year, I asked the @EPAoig to conduct a full audit – that investigation now spans all of Administrator Pruitt's travel in 2017. I'm sure that @EPAScottPruitt's $1,600 first-class plane ride from D.C. to New York was comfortable, but he only had to ask and I would've saved him a seat next to me on @Amtrak's Northeast Regional! We could've even sat in the quiet car. … The response has been swift and a plan is in place to get safe drinking water back to the Town of Blades. #NetDE #sussexdepic.twitter.com/B3yUhs5hvJ Our Olympic athletes’ hard work and dedication to their craft is truly inspirational. They’ve worked so hard to represent our country on the world stage, and I can’t wait to root them on as they compete in #PyeongChang2018. Go @TeamUSA!  We need to sharpen our pencils and stop making the kind of expensive, avoidable mistakes that lead to wasteful spending and make our agencies and programs vulnerable to fraud and abuse. … Congress must pass #SESTA, which would help enable our federal and state law enforcement officials take down online sex traffickers and protect victims of sex trafficking. … I love a good Delaware reunion - especially when it's to honor @JoeBiden and celebrate the opening of the @PennBiden Center! #netDEpic.twitter.com/pxilNVU4zK An #EaglesParade is more officially called a communal roost:    Photo of 55 bald eagles used with permission by Chuck Hilliardpic.twitter.com/HgpUwj0SFh Delaware's local leaders, like Townsend Councilman Jermaine Hatton, know that any infrastructure plan that fails to make federal investments—and tries to magically create $1 trillion in local and private funding—simply won't work. I hope @POTUS knows it too. … Great to meet with @leagueofcities today and listen to their ideas to #RebuildWithUs. They understand better than most that we need historic investments in our infrastructure—and we can’t simply push the burden of funding these projects onto our towns, cities and states.pic.twitter.com/RbOuEkQfk7 Thank you @SenatorCarper and Senator @ChrisCoons for speaking against the U.S. @Interior proposal to open up areas in the Atlantic Ocean, including waters off the #Delaware coastline, to oil and gas drilling.  #ProtectOurCoast #netDE Hey @EPAScottPruitt, rapidly warming oceans, unpredictable growing seasons and increasingly severe weather events aren't helping us humans. In fact, they're devastating. … RT if you think that science matters. #ClimateChangeIsReal, and that’s not a good thing for our only Earth and all of its living things. … If the administration insists on proceeding with this proposal, then it should carve out the cherished Delaware coast, and similar areas along the Atlantic, from any efforts to increase drilling. #ProtectOurCoastpic.twitter.com/LOWm8vFKmD In Florida, @SecretaryZinke clearly established the standard: If an area yields greater economic value from coastal activities and industries, and local communities are solidly opposed, then those areas should get the same exemption as Florida. It’s not just Delawareans, or even just Democrats, who acknowledge that increasing drilling off our coasts is the wrong move. Republican governors and lawmakers from states like Georgia and South Carolina have publicly stated their opposition to the Trump Administration’s plan. It seems to me that the only real difference between Florida and Delaware (and every other coastal state that wasn't lucky enough to get an exemption from Secretary Zinke) is that @POTUS happens to have beachfront properties in Florida. You know who also recognizes that coastal communities could be negatively impacted by offshore drilling? Interior @SecretaryZinke. In fact, that was the exact justification that Secretary Zinke used to carve Florida’s Gulf coast out of the Trump Administration’s proposal. Proponents say that offshore drilling brings more economic benefits along the coast—but the truth is, our thriving coastal areas receive greater economic benefits from having a healthy and sustainable ocean off their shores. Delaware's coast generates $6.9 billion each year. Our beach communities, including Rehoboth Beach, support 59,000 jobs and $711 million in tax revenue. Our coasts provide more than 10% of our state's total employment, taxes and business production.pic.twitter.com/OFQ9LIGXXt Just eight years ago, with the Deepwater Horizon disaster, we saw that oil spills do not respect state boundaries—and that the severe environmental and financial costs last for generations.  A spill anywhere along the East Coast could easily affect our pristine Delaware beaches. Thank you @SenatorCarper for standing up against offshore drilling expansion, which risks our coasts in the Arctic, Atlantic, Pacific and Gulf #ProtectOurCoast I'm heading to the Senate floor now to speak out against @POTUS proposal to open the waters off of Delaware's coast to oil and gas drilling. Watch LIVE:   #netDE #ProtectOurCoast … Thank you Delaware @UAW for meeting with me and my team to talk about how we can work together to support Delaware’s strong workforce (P.S., #FlyEaglesFly)pic.twitter.com/rqtgxapSwF Equating Dreamers and immigrants with the deadly gang violence of MS-13 is wrong. The fact is, immigrants are far more likely to be victims of MS-13 than they are to be members. … One week ago today. … We’re wearing red today to highlight the urgent need for Congress to #FixTheCliff and fund community health centers, which so many of our friends, families and neighbors rely on for high quality health carepic.twitter.com/CYimXHqDgS In fact, EPA's public info shows it awarded just $1.1 billion of nearly $4 billion Congress appropriated for state and local grants. I'm asking @EPA to explain the missing info on nearly $3 billion in taxpayer dollars: … But Delaware wasn't the only state that @EPA reported drastic declines in grant funding. Nearly every state showed a decrease of $10, $20, $30 million or more in grants to help clean up their environment and protect public health. In 2017, @EPA reported that Delaware saw a 70% decrease in EPA grant funding for state and local environmental projects - from $26 million in 2016 to just $7 million. These grants go to projects like helping Delaware clean up contaminated sites or improve wastewater treatment. "Withdrawing Kathleen Hartnett White's nomination is the right thing to do," says @SenatorCarper of Delaware.  "It is past time for this administration to nominate a thoughtful environmental and public health champion to lead this critical office."  Just met with @NFP_nursefamily, and I agree that long-term funding for #MIECHV is essential for millions of families. … The quality and affordability of care that Americans deserve from their health care system should be above partisan politics. Bravo, @ASlavitt. Let's work together to put #HealthcareOverPolitics. … Thank you, @SenatorCarper for your strong leadership!  … Big thanks to @SenatorCarper, his diligent staff, and @EPWDems  for their work in preventing the unqualified Kathleen Hartnett White from becoming the head of the Council of Environmental Quality. Thanks @SenatorCarper for your tireless leadership in the fight to #OpposeKHW! … A Super Bowl for the ages! What a game! Two great teams! Thank God the Eagles won! Yes!!! My prediction: I’ll be seeing a lot more people wearing @NFoles_9 jerseys this week, because he will have led the @Eagles to a #SuperBowl victory. #FlyEaglesFly Did you know the word “Eagles”is mentioned in the Scripture some 32 times? Now, a word of prayer. … I worshipped at two churches today, and both ministers used as the scripture for their sermons Isaiah 40: “But those who trust in the Lord will find new strength. They will fly high on wings like Eagles. They will run and not grow weary. They will walk and not grow faint.” My prediction: I’ll be seeing a lot more people wearing @NFoles_9 jerseys this week, because he will have led the @Eagles to a #SuperBowl victory. #FlyEaglesFly To begin tackling #climatechange, we need a CEQ leader who has a deep respect for science, for environmental laws on the books and for those who hold different views than their own.   It's past time for @POTUS to nominate an environmental and public health champion to lead CEQ. It was abundantly clear that leading the White House Council on Environmental Quality wasn’t the right job for Kathleen Hartnett White. I often say when you think you’re right, when you know you’re right, you must never give up. That’s what we did here. … My friend @SenJohnMcCain is right. Congress must do better than this. … Thanks for having us, @abbeysmithTV @WRDENews! … On live with Joe and Nancy from @937WSTW at the @Eagles pep rally. #FlyEaglesFly #GoEaglespic.twitter.com/c0dHjc4zgE Equating Dreamers and immigrants with the deadly gang violence of MS-13 is wrong. The fact is, immigrants are far more likely to be victims of MS-13 than they are to be members. … I'll never forget when Maya Angelou sang so beautifully at @UDelaware's commencement in 1996. In honor of #BlackHistoryMonth, I'm sharing one of my favorite quotes from one of the greatest writers of our time.pic.twitter.com/2NZm4eqKIY If President Trump is serious about bringing parties in Congress together, then his words tonight are not enough. We need real actions and leadership tomorrow and in the days ahead. #SOTU Tonight, President Trump pledged to rebuild our country with a historic $1.5 trillion investment in our infrastructure – the same promise he made to the American people in his speech last year – but tomorrow we will still be waiting for his long overdue plan to do so. #SOTU Tonight, President Trump said he was extending an open hand to a bipartisan deal on immigration, but we don't know who we will be negotiating with in the White House tomorrow. #SOTU Tonight, President Trump talked about expanding the American Dream, but tomorrow he will continue to trumpet a tax bill that's created a windfall of wealth for corporate shareholders, not a boon to wage growth or job creation. #SOTU Tonight, we heard from our "Tuesday President." But we know now that we can’t expect a similar performance tomorrow. Tonight, President Trump stuck to his script and delivered a #SOTU speech with little fanfare. I'm sure some will try to ascribe meaning to both the performance he gave and the promises he made.   But we should not forget that the exact same thing happened last year. We owe it those struggling to overcome the complex disease of addiction, and to the loved ones who witness their struggle, to work together and provide the resources needed to overcome this public health crisis. … We cannot leave communities suffering from the #OpioidCrisis without help and without hope. Tonight, I am wearing this purple ribbon to the #SOTU to raise awareness about this national epidemic. I won’t stop fighting for funding for prevention and treatment programs.pic.twitter.com/XjeNl6vkA8 Tonight, @SenatorShaheen and I are wearing purple ribbons to the #SOTU to highlight the need to provide more federal resources and step up efforts to combat the opioid crisis.pic.twitter.com/mzqP5dH1cE I'll be wearing a purple ribbon during the President's State of the Union to raise awareness about the opioid epidemic & substance use disorders. This is an important opportunity to send the message that more must be done to address this crisis.pic.twitter.com/2ag94G8JzP Tonight I’m joining my friends and colleagues @SenatorShaheen and @SenatorHassan in wearing a purple ribbon to the #SOTU to raise awareness about our country’s devastating opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/nxacvQfuCa Choosing between our economy and our environment is a false choice. You know who famously said that?  Former President @BarackObama.pic.twitter.com/pC8COKTH5b Over the past year, @EPWDems have heard @EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt's responses to some of our questions. But many of the #PruittPlatitudes he so often repeats are not actually answers.pic.twitter.com/nhlsNDvTRo Before President Trump's #SOTU tonight, it seems appropriate to take a look at the state of our environment. Here's what we saw in 2017:pic.twitter.com/xvton6e6Sv During today's @EPWDems hearing, I took a look at what Scott Pruitt's @EPA is celebrating as "achievements."pic.twitter.com/1xkmhT8FTp Whenever @EPAScottPruitt is asked tough questions about the state of our environment, he gives the same #PruittPlatitudes as excuses for upending hard-fought, popular, common sense environmental protections. But we've noticed: … I've asked @EPW Administrator Scott Pruitt to spare us with the #PruittPlatitudes he so frequently uses, but I'm not holding my breath. Let's see how this goes. #PruittLingoBingopic.twitter.com/mwfznEurZF Scott Pruitt likes to say that he's "getting the agency back to basics." His @EPA is actually moving us backward—all the way back to the 1970s when polluters were able to spew the most dangerous toxins like mercury, lead and arsenic into the air we breathe and the water we drink. Scott Pruitt often reminds people that he is a former Attorney General, and he "know[s] what it means to prosecute folks." But under his leadership, @EPA has slowed actions against polluters. It didn't happen by accident, @EPAScottPruitt. … Scott Pruitt likes to tout that the U.S. is "actually at pre-1994 levels with respect to our CO2 footprint thanks to innovation and technology" while ignoring the common sense and bipartisan regulations put in place over the last four decades to get us to those pre-1994 levels. Scott Pruitt repeatedly insists that he's committed to "cooperative federalism" and the @EPA "needs to work together with the states to achieve better outcomes." Yet, this administration has sought to zero out funding for critical state environmental programs. Scott Pruitt often says that "process matters." @EPAScottPruitt, do you really think that verbally directing career staff at @EPA to delete the inconvenient economic benefits of the Clean Water Rule is a good rulemaking process? Scott Pruitt often says the "rule of law matters." Well, Congress was very prescriptive when it wrote the Clean Air Act. But the @EPA has chosen to continuously ignore and delay that very specific mandate from Congress, which leaves vulnerable communities at risk indefinitely. Doing nothing to #ActOnClimate would be bad enough. But the fact that this administration seems to be actively working to discredit and hide the clear science is the height of irresponsibility … Instead of spending time and resources trying to tackle what many of us believe is the greatest environmental challenge of our lifetime, under Scott Pruitt’s leadership the @EPA is choosing to wage a war on climate science From Alaska to Delaware, from Maine to Miami – climate change is clearly affecting every corner of our country. … Apparently, posters are very important to @EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. I went ahead and made a more accurate one for the @EPWDems office.pic.twitter.com/1Rsv51GwdO Scott Pruitt has been very busy at the @EPA this year. When he's not rolling back protections for our environment and public health, he's hanging up posters to highlight his so-called "achievements." … Looking forward to @EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt's testimony in front of the Environment and Public Works Committee tomorrow. It's been a long time since we’ve seen him, and we have plenty to catch up on. … Today, as we observe International #HolocaustRemembranceDay, #WeRemember the victims and honor the  perseverance of survivors who remind us to continue fighting anti-Semitism and hatred. More than half of all technicians working in hospitals in Delaware and Maryland's Eastern Shore are graduates from @delawaretech's Medical Laboratory Technician program. It was great to learn more about the program and tour the cutting-edge MLT lab! … Thank you @SiemensHealth & @SenatorCarper for helping to make much- needed renovations to our Med Lab facilities a reality!pic.twitter.com/5zo27ggbAT Our Medical Laboratory Technician students chatted with @SenatorCarper this morning during class. #comm_college #DTCCPridepic.twitter.com/w8FRz9B3BQ For weeks, Democrats in Congress have shown our willingness to negotiate in earnest on legislation to protect Dreamers. Now it's time for the administration and Republicans in Congress to do the same, and quickly. We already have a bipartisan DACA fix—it's called the DREAM Act. Tonight's White House proposal on immigration flies in the face of our values as a nation. It's a non-starter. You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig. #GOPTaxScam … The @weatherchannel team is on the front lines of climate change, from more frequent and increasingly severe storms, to sea-level rise, to changing growing seasons. Bravo Zulu for your continued efforts to be #GuidedByScience and to keep Americans informed. #USofClimateChange … Thank you @ItsEstie @NASSP for meeting with me and my team in D.C. to talk about how we can ensure all students have the resources they need to receive an affordable and high-quality college educationpic.twitter.com/MJhfQ9l6MQ Those who believe the Affordable Care Act is failing and there's no demand for marketplace plans are living under a rock. … We need to keep their faces and their stories in mind as we work together to stop these deadly drugs from being shipped here and address our country's opioid epidemic. … Our PSI hearing started just over 2 hours ago. I'm told that five people die every hour from our country's opioid epidemic, which means 12 or 13 people have died since we started our hearing. They're someone's son or daughter, brother or sister. Someone's mom or dad. Real people. $766 million in street value. 500 transactions. 300 individual buyers. 43 states received shipments. 18 arrests. 7 tragic deaths. 6 online sellers in China.   Our investigation uncovered how people are buying and shipping deadly synthetic drugs like fentanyl into our communities. … Our investigation traced shipments of these deadly synthetic opioids from China to 43 states, but three states had the most shipments: Ohio, Florida and Pennsylvania—the primary source of opioids and other deadly illegal drugs in Delaware. … $766 million in street value. 500 transactions. 300 individual buyers. 43 states received shipments. 18 arrests. 7 tragic deaths. 6 online sellers in China.   Our investigation uncovered how people are buying and shipping deadly synthetic drugs like fentanyl into our communities. … After a nearly year-long investigation, @senrobportman and I just released a bipartisan report that details how deadly synthetic opioids like fentanyl are being shipped to our country through the mail. It's the focus of our PSI hearing tomorrow:  … … For years, residents of South Shore Marina in Bethany were denied access to thousands of dollars in flood insurance due to a mapping error. Today, the Senate approved my bill with @ChrisCoons to right this wrong. My full statement here: … Wishing a very happy birthday to a dedicated public servant and good friend, @SenatorCarper!pic.twitter.com/kASbwK59T6 Happy birthday, @SenatorCarper! You are a true friend, mentor, and dedicated public servant. Our state is better off because of your leadership.pic.twitter.com/WE5y83mkzZ To my colleague and dear friend, it's a pleasure to serve Delaware with you every day. Happy birthday @SenatorCarper ! #NetDEpic.twitter.com/BhHWWD6h3P And it's a joy to share my birthday with you, @Trish536! Great running into you on the Amtrak platform this morning. I hope you have a very happy birthday, too. … Blocking @clairecmc's bill that would guarantee military pay and death benefits during this #TrumpShutdown is inexcusable. It's just not right. Our brave men and women in uniform and their families deserve better. … Early this morning, @clairecmc tried to pass a bill to guarantee military pay and death benefits in the #TrumpShutdown.  Republican Leader Mitch McConnell: I object. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/n3a7RBaxzi Blocking @clairecmc's bill that would guarantee military pay and death benefits during this #TrumpShutdown is inexcusable. It's just not right. Our brave men and women in uniform and their families deserve better. … Remember when my Republican colleagues put these and other urgent issues on the back burner while they rushed through the #GOPTaxBill? Now they're holding #CHIP hostage to a #TrumpShutdown. It doesn't have to be this way. … Walking away from that offer has to make me think that President Trump really meant what he said when he said, "our country needs a 'good shutdown.'"  In truth, there is no such thing as a "good shutdown." #TrumpShutdown … This will be called the #TrumpShutdown. There is no one who deserves the blame for the position we find ourselves in more than President Trump.pic.twitter.com/WE3SH9TpRU "When I was governor of Delaware for 8 years we didn't go through this nonsense: we passed balanced budgets every year, for 8 years...if we can do that in states, we ought to be able to do that in the Federal government." - Sen. Tom Carper a "no" on the CR  pic.twitter.com/wvQvwUYGwN A government shutdown is not inevitable. If President Trump and my Republican colleagues join me in rejecting another pass the buck spending bill and instead decide to come to the table, willing to negotiate in good faith—they’ll find earnest partners in me & my fellow Democrats. We in Congress have no more excuses for why we haven't acted to address challenging issues that are imminently solvable. From protecting Dreamers to extending CHIP, we have no more time to waste. The time is now to make good on our promises to the American people. Anyone who knows me knows I believe that, if we work hard enough, there is always a principled, bipartisan solution to be found for any problem. The CR passed in the House yesterday, which fails to address longstanding bipartisan priorities, is not that solution. We don't have time to wait for the history books to vindicate us. Climate change is already affecting every corner of our globe, and it will continue to disproportionately harm the most vulnerable among us. The time to #ActOnClimate is now. … 2017 was Earth's second hottest year since global estimates became feasible in 1880. The year continued a decades-long warming trend – 17 of the 18 warmest years have now occurred since 2001.pic.twitter.com/PrEyOINNVs It's intellectually dishonest and, frankly, irresponsible for my colleagues to attempt to link Medicaid expansion with our country's deadly opioid epidemic—especially as Medicaid plays such an important role in combating this crisis. … #TBT! I said it then, and I'll say it again. Let's #RebuildNow … To set the record straight, I'm leaning NO on the CR. I want a comprehensive deal. I'm really frustrated by what's coming out of the White House – in part the behavior of the president, but also just the unwillingness to negotiate in good faith. “Mirai” is Japanese for “future” and that’s exactly what these clean vehicles represent. Those of us in Congress should continue to encourage ever-cleaner cars by protecting strong fuel efficiency standards and supporting research into technologies just like hydrogen fuel cells.pic.twitter.com/PzHUd65Tkp .@Chevrolet’s Bolt is 100% electric – and has a range of more than 200 miles. That’s a far cry from electric cars just 5 years ago. And @Toyota’s Mirai is powered by a hydrogen fuel-cell – technology that was a dream just a decade ago. I love visiting the #NAIASDetroit each year to see the strides being made in cleaner, more efficient cars. With stronger fuel economy standards and the growth of clean energy vehicles, it’s clear the car of the future will be cleaner and safer for our families and our planet. Areas of infrastructure that could boost the economy if repaired: Bridges, for one, says @SenatorCarper on tomorrow's POLITICO Money podcast. SUBSCRIBE HERE:  pic.twitter.com/cHGvP6XKYa Fun @POLITICO Money podcast coming tmrw with @SenatorCarper, one of the top Dem players on infrastructure. He is HIGHLY skeptical of the White House approach on the issue. He also rides Amtrak almost daily and somewhat oddly loves the Detroit @tigers.pic.twitter.com/Fvegm6HODl As a recovering governor, I'm glad that we're hearing from a chorus of governors—including our Governor @JohnCarneyDE—who want to #ProtectOurCoasts from offshore drilling.  …? Today we come together to honor the life, legacy and vision of Martin Luther King, Jr., and we remember his enduring message to America: "The time is always right to do what is right."pic.twitter.com/DdS64VF2rH Republicans and Democrats negotiated in good faith to reach a deal that gives you what you asked for in front of the country on Tuesday. It’s time to lead and support the bipartisan deal. … To impugn @SenatorDurbin's integrity is disgraceful. Whether you agree with him on the issues or not, he is one of the most honorable members of the Senate. Oil spills don't respect state boundaries—a spill anywhere along the East Coast could easily affect Delaware's pristine beaches, our vibrant coastal communities and their local economies. That's why we're working together to #ProtectOurCoast. … The president's vulgar comments not only break with the Golden Rule—to treat our neighbors the way we would want to be treated—but they also jeopardize our country's ability to lead the world with moral clarity. Ending TPS designation for the 200,000 Salvadorans living in the U.S. under TPS protections will uproot thousands of lives, devastate families and communities, hurt our economy and harm progress made to improve conditions in El Salvador. We're urging DHS to reverse its decision.pic.twitter.com/douYE25j55 UPDATE: @EPAoig agrees to (again) expand audit of @EPAScottPruitt’s travel after continued reports of questionable use of taxpayer money, including a $40,000 trip to Morocco to discuss natural gas exports – an issue that isn’t even in @EPA’s jurisdiction.pic.twitter.com/EjxkHuKk3h EPA chief Scott Pruitt is under investigation for going to Morocco to promote natural gas @senatorcarper  pic.twitter.com/G2O2iui5wP As they say, "an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure." A little extra planning (combined with prudent, targeted investments) can go a long way in saving both lives and taxpayers dollars when disaster strikes. … Delaware may only have 28 miles of coastline compared to Florida's 1,350 miles, but our state's beautiful beaches generate $6.9 billion each year and support 10% of our workforce. Any oil spill—"large" or "small"—would devastate our state. #ProtectOurCoast … As head of the Texas commission on environmental quality, Kathleen Hartnett White relied so heavily on her extreme views that she failed to ensure safe drinking water for millions. She is unfit to serve as the top environmental adviser in the White House. … Over 99% of our country's overseas trade volume moves through coastal channels that the Corps maintains. The Corps' inland waterways and locks form a freight network—think of it as a water highway—connecting waterways and ports and providing direct access to international markets When it comes to our economic security, we need to make big, bold and smart investments in port-related infrastructure over the next decade. That's a main focus of today's EPW hearing on "America's Water Infrastructure Needs and Challenges." My statement:  … It's clearly not a matter of "if" the next extreme weather event is coming. It's a matter of "when." … As the 2017 hurricane season illustrated, our country needs to be resilient and ready for the next storm or flood or drought. Just this week, @NOAA announced that in 2017, the total costs for extreme weather and climate events exceeded $300 billion. … Mr. Secretary, Delaware is home to five-star beaches and a thriving tourism industry that's a linchpin of our economy. Delawareans deserve their voices to be heard, too. … I’m leading more than three dozen of my colleagues to urge the @RealDonaldTrump administration to abandon their ill-advised effort to expand offshore drilling. We won’t stop fighting to protect our coastal economies, resources and environment.pic.twitter.com/NUDNSWr6qJ Having Delaware’s neighboring Senator, @SenatorCardin, as a partner on EPW is a joy, but getting to work with both Maryland Senators to protect our shared backyard – and that of every American - is truly a gift. Glad to welcome @Chrisvanhollen to @EPWDems! … While the @EPA refuses to hold any public forums on the East Coast about its proposed #CleanPowerPlan repeal, earlier today I teamed up with Governor @JohnCarneyDE and DNREC Secretary Garvin to listen to Delawareans' real concerns about the EPA's proposal. … Ms. White’s disdain for science and basic facts poses a threat to the health of our environment and the American people. @POTUS's decision to resubmit her name to head CEQ is shortsighted, irresponsible and, I believe, will be a mistake. … I often say that true leaders do the right thing, not what is easy or expedient. Withdrawing Kathleen Hartnett White's nomination would have been one of the rare times a decision could be all three, but the Trump Administration refused. Well, they should expect a fight. For 100 days, millions of families have been facing uncertainty and waiting in desperation for Congress to #ExtendCHIP. They're counting on us to do what's right. #FundCHIPNow. The El Salvadorans living in the U.S. under Temporary Protected Status are contributing members of our communities. This decision will force them to live in the shadows. … The Trump administration's decision to end TPS for El Salvador breaks with our country's moral obligation to care for our neighbors who desperately need our help and safe refuge. … Time to donate! #Giveblood #netde #kentdepic.twitter.com/Su6yZnSq1B – bei Blood Bank of Delmarva The Deepwater Horizon disaster showed us that oil spills don't respect state boundaries. Jeopardizing the environmental and economic health of our vibrant Delaware coastal communities is simply not worth the risk.   My statement: … The Trump Administration's decision to open nearly all U.S. waters, including the Atlantic, to more oil and gas drilling while it attempts to weaken drilling regulations is shortsighted and unnecessary. … A #snowday can be tough for working parents, but getting to have Jack and Emma in our office today puts a pep in my step!pic.twitter.com/NfhvntW2Mw – bei Hart Senate Building Democrats & Republicans should be working together to renew the Voting Rights Act, to hold Russia accountable for its actions in the 2016 presidential election & to protect our electoral system from cyber attacks—not entertaining dangerous falsehoods about widespread voter fraud. Taxpayer dollars shouldn't be spent probing baseless and politically-motivated claims of voter fraud. I'm glad this commission has been disbanded. … Joining @PoppyHarlowCNN and @JohnBerman on @CNNnewsroom in just a few minutes—tune in! Welcome to the Senate, @SenTinaSmith and Senator Doug Jones!pic.twitter.com/FomOsgMqNN The Senate is back in session today. Millions of families are counting on us to pass long-term funding solutions for #CHIP, and nearly 800,000 young men and women are counting on us to act with common sense and common decency to renew #DACA.  Let's get to work. But while @EPA refuses to act, I'm proud that the state of Delaware is fighting to protect the residents of our state from dangerous, out-of-state air pollution … We know that air pollution doesn't respect state borders. @EPAScottPruitt should heed his own advice and allow downwind states to address harmful upwind pollution.pic.twitter.com/VZ5Cpv38Bf .@EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt likes to say that the states know best. But he's been denying 18 states' request to work together to reduce regional #ozone pollution.  … I'm hopeful that the president's interest in USPS finances brings much-needed attention on this essential American service. If we don't do postal reform now, USPS will continue to twist in the wind and struggle to adjust to the new realities it faces. Wishing all Delawareans a very Merry #Christmas!pic.twitter.com/yreOx5QIJR  … We need answers. #ScienceNotSilence … Special Counsel Bob Mueller is working to uncover the truth. The American people need to know the truth. Special Counsel Mueller and the team he's leading must be able to complete their investigation. … The effects and the looming threat of #climatechange are real— especially here in #Delaware, the lowest-lying state in the nation. We're susceptible to sea level rise and extreme weather events brought on by climate change.   … While some of my colleagues celebrate their #GOPTaxBill "victory," families across the country are trying to figure out how to make ends meet with #CHIPFunding in jeopardy. … It's been 82 days since #CHIPFunding expired. Unless funding is restored, 8,300 children in Delaware will lose their health coverage on January 31. Inaction is inexcusable—we must #FundCHIPNow. … In Colorado, some pregnant women were told that without #CHIPFunding, their health coverage will expire before their due date. I encourage my GOP colleagues to hold off on any celebrations until our constituents have the health care they need. #FundCHIPNow … Narrator: The GOP was never called the "party of fiscal responsibility" again … Still waiting for President Trump to explain how letting funding for #CHIP and health centers expire fits into his vision of greater and less expensive health care for all Americans. … President Trump made an assurance to the American people that the #GOPTaxPlan wouldn't further enrich the wealthiest people in our country, people like him. But the #GOPTaxPlan does indeed enrich people like him. … During economic downturns, wars or national calamities, deficit spending makes sense. But 8 years into the largest economic expansion in U.S. history, spending $1.5 trillion on tax cuts that disproportionately advantage the wealthy just doesn't make sense. … Parents are begging Congress to do the right thing on #CHIP. The thing is, they shouldn't have to beg. We shouldn't let them beg. We should #ExtendCHIP now. … Under the #GOPTaxBill, here’s the average tax cut in 2018 for: - bottom 20%: $60 - middle class: $930 - richest 0.1%: $193,380 Via @TaxPolicyCenterpic.twitter.com/xEMhHH611W The #GOPTaxBill is grossly unfair. … The #GOPTaxScam provides permanent tax cuts for corporations and lacks the necessary guardrails to actually stop and prevent the offshoring of American jobs. It's not the type of tax reform Americans want or need. … I will object to any agreement that allows Ms. White's nomination to be held over into the second session of the 115th Congress. Let's start the new year off with a clean slate and allow @POTUS the opportunity to nominate a qualified leader for CEQ. … Traditionally, the Senate allows unconfirmed nominations to roll over into the second session of a congress. But Kathleen Hartnett White's views are too extreme and her disrespect for science and our environmental laws is a danger to public health. President Trump made an assurance to the American people that the #GOPTaxPlan wouldn't further enrich the wealthiest people in our country, people like him. But the #GOPTaxPlan does indeed enrich people like him. … In Delaware, nearly 96,000 households making less than $85,530 would face a tax hike in 2027. #GOPTaxScam #netDE … While Republicans focus on getting their #GOPTaxBill across the finish line at any cost, several bipartisan priorities are awaiting Congress's immediate attention and action. … 12,762.  These young men and women know no other home than the United States. Ensuring that they may come out of the shadows to study, work and live their lives is simply common sense. More important, it's common decency. #DreamActNOWpic.twitter.com/zcSQAtX0Qm As more jobs go overseas and more corporate profits shift overseas, Americans will look back at this moment in time—at this process in Congress—and they will know who is to blame. #GOPTaxScam … Yesterday @POTUS said China was our "strategic competitor" in the global economy. So why are we allowing China to out-innovate the U.S. to #ActOnClimate? … According to the National Education Association, the #GOPTaxPlan puts $15.2 billion in annual public school spending ($304 per student) at risk. …  The #GOPTaxPlan has a price tag of $1.5 trillion. Couple that with the interest the federal government will owe on the money it has to borrow to pay for these tax cuts, and the price tag exceeds $2 trillion over the next 10 years.   It's an affront to fiscal responsibility.  The #GOPTaxPlan does not simplify the tax code. Additional complexity results from the enormous new "fiscal cliff" created by the expiration of its individual provisions in 2025, which will make tax policy unpredictable for families. …  The #GOPTaxPlan makes those permanent, trillion-dollar corporate tax cuts under the guise of economic growth and job creation. In reality, it will just ensure that wealthy shareholders and executives take an even bigger cut of corporate profits.  The #GOPTaxPlan's corporate tax cuts are permanent, while its individual provisions expire by 2025. By 2027, Americans making $75,000 or less will actually see their taxes go up. How is that fair? I look at any tax proposal through a prism of  questions:   Is it fair?  Does it foster economic growth and job creation?  Does it simplify the tax code, or make it more complicated?  Is it fiscally responsible?  The #GOPTaxPlan fails each of those tests. Any $1.5 trillion tax bill that's purely partisan, written in the dark and rushed to the finish line is bound to be poorly designed and riddled with inadvertent errors. (Reminder: it doesn’t have to be this way.) … Delaware is one of 16 states expected to run out of money to fund #CHIP by the end of January 2018. Thousands of Delawarean children, and millions more across the country, are counting on Congress to #FundCHIPNow.  We already had a plan to reduce carbon pollution that was supported by states, cities, businesses and utilities—the #CleanPowerPlan.  This move by @EPA just delays action on #ClimateChange and puts public health and our planet at risk in the meantime. … As I do nearly every day, I rode on an Amtrak train from Wilmington to Washington, D.C. just this afternoon. I'm praying for all the victims of the train derailment in Washington, and I'm closely monitoring developments. I'm asking @EPA's Inspector General to investigate Administrator Scott Pruitt's $40,000 trip abroad. Taxpayers should know why Administrator Pruitt traveled to Morocco to talk about natural gas exports—an issue EPA doesn't even oversee.pic.twitter.com/YWnyv5co9X President Trump may not recognize #climatechange as a national security threat, but you know who does?   @DeptofDefense. @USArmy. @USNavy. @USGAO. @NASA. … Just wrapped up the groundbreaking for the new Chemours Discovery Hub at @UDelaware’s STAR Campus.   This represents another important step in our efforts to support the rebirth of the former Chrysler plant property and lead our state to the 21st century economy. #netdepic.twitter.com/1HJQYtdB9r Vulnerable.  Entitlement.  Diversity.  Transgender.  Fetus.  Evidence-based.  Science-based.  These words are banned from budget documents at our country’s top public health agency. This is beyond all reason. This is dangerous. … You only have hours left to sign up for 2018 health coverage at   Act now and #GetCoveredpic.twitter.com/1RIf77RfFM Please drive safely, allow extra braking distance, and give snow plows plenty of room on the roads. #snowDE … Calling all Delawareans, the open enrollment period for 2018 ends at midnight. #GetCovered before it's too late at   or  ! If you’re put on hold trying to #GetCovered, stay on the line until you speak with a representative! … Delaware is one of 16 states expected to run out of money to fund #CHIP by the end of January 2018. Thousands of Delawarean children, and millions more across the country, are counting on Congress to #FundCHIPNow.  RETWEET to spread the word that  TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO #GetCovered   Sign up for health coverage for 2018 at   or  pic.twitter.com/3p7BffKE5t Delawareans, today is the LAST DAY of #OpenEnrollment for 2018. Find the right health care plan for you and #GetCovered on  ! … One of the most collaborative bipartisan Senators @SenatorCarper hears how the chairman will Run the tax bill conference.  Outrageous. … We're asking the administration to help make sure that everyone who wants to #GetCovered for 2018 has the opportunity to do just that.pic.twitter.com/447vABpYCi The internet is a portal to communication and commerce that's changed the way we learn, make a living and keep up with loved ones. It must be a place where everyone has equal access. We must protect #NetNeutrality Today we mark five years since the tragedy at #SandyHook Elementary School in #Newtown - one of the darkest moments in our nation’s history. Five years after the unthinkable tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School, we continue to mourn the lives lost that day, and pray for their families, friends and neighbors. But we cannot stop there—we must #HonorWithAction to #EndGunViolence.pic.twitter.com/TkIdr5lC2j I urge my Republican colleagues to listen to the American people, stop rushing ahead with this #GOPTaxScam and work with Democrats to #RenewCHIP instead. … The withdrawal of #Dourson's nomination should serve as a lesson to the Senate - and an opportunity work together to find an independent, credible chemical safety regulator to protect our public health and lead implementation of bipartisan #TSCA reforms. An individual who spent his career advocating less protective chemical safety standards had no business leading @EPA's Chemical Safety office. The withdrawal of Michael #Dourson's nomination is in the best interest of all Americans. … These young men and women are our neighbors and our friends. #DREAMers cannot wait. Congress must not wait. We've got to pass the #DreamActNow!pic.twitter.com/L8JsW5KpgY Fact check: True. … If a #GOPTaxBill “deal” has come together, it has been done without even talking to the Democrats on the conference committee. Yet another affront to regular order.  Kathleen Hartnett White is doing everything she can to distance herself from her own extreme views, so much so that she actually used someone else's answers to respond to @EPWDems' questions! … YOU HAVE TWO DAYS LEFT TO SIGN UP.  Go to   right now and sign up for affordable health coverage before it's too late! #GetCoveredpic.twitter.com/CD0aOpZvv6 DON'T WAIT to #GetCovered! Go to   or   if you live in Delaware to find a health insurance plan that's right for you.pic.twitter.com/zv9xHg2Oup Michael Dourson has spent his entire career working to undermine @EPA protections for toxic chemicals. He's a danger to every American and is unfit to lead EPA's office of Chemical Safety. … The president's comments are beneath the dignity of the Oval Office. I stand with @SenGillibrand, and I know she will never be silenced or intimidated. … Republican and Democratic governors from across the country are calling on Congress to #RenewCHIP as quickly as possible: "We believe covering children and pregnant women without disruption is one thing we can all agree on."pic.twitter.com/LevBu3b4Eu Despite President Trump's reckless decision to leave the U.S. standing alone against the #ParisAgreement, leaders across the country are standing up to say we are #stillin – for the generations to come. … The Medicare Patient Access to Hospice Act would give Medicare patients better access to high-quality, compassionate care as they seek to make the best choices possible about their treatment options. It's the right thing to do. … Open enrollment ends this Friday, December 15. If you need help signing up, visit  . #GetCoveredpic.twitter.com/A8h5wj9fbK The December 15 deadline for #OpenEnrollment is fast approaching. Today I visited @westsidehealth, where folks are helping Delawareans #GetCovered in the final days of Open Enrollment! For more information:  pic.twitter.com/n52xV67IaK I've teamed with @ChrisCoons @RepBRochester to deliver an important message: #GetCovered!    pic.twitter.com/OTjkFeKH1N Thankful for the quick response of @NYPDnews, @PANYNJ PD, @FDNY & Bomb Squad at the Port Authority this am. As we learn more about what happened, it is a startling reminder why the “see something, say something” campaign is so important to keeping our city safe. Tubby’s Delaware teams won 300 games under his leadership, a record that may never be matched again.  Despite his team’s amazing success, he remained humble. He was a players’ coach. His players loved him. All of us loved him! … Have you noticed @SoFi in Claymont? This company is looking to fill hundreds of jobs in 2018, and just completed renovating its new location. Welcome to Delaware!pic.twitter.com/BQ0bZctYEq 