The Foreign Relations Committee passed my resolution with @senrobportman today commemorating the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian famine. The millions killed in the Holodomor can never be forgotten. Met with my guest, Mark Kennedy, ahead of Thursday’s Democratic Rural Summit. Mark is a paramedic in Nauvoo, IL who has worked with me on passing the SIREN Act to provide federal funding to support rural EMS agencies.pic.twitter.com/tJ02mvmwz5 We need to listen to, support, and believe survivors of sexual assault--not ridicule and bully them. Today, I joined @SenDuckworth and women & men who attended DC-area schools to voice our solidarity with Dr. Blasey Ford. We won’t be silenced.pic.twitter.com/JFrXAXo6lA These sexual assault allegations are serious and credible - they deserve respect and an FBI investigation. These three women bravely came forward, risked everything in doing so, and the response they get from the President of the United States is "big con job."   Shameful. Today, @SenFeinstein, @PattyMurray & I sent a clear message to DHS Secretary Nielsen & HHS Secretary Azar: family detention is immoral, cruel & harmful to the health of children & parents. They must rescind the proposed rule that would implement this indefinite detention policy.pic.twitter.com/290EzWc6kE Farmers aren't working night and day for a government bailout check. They want to be reliable sellers and make good on the promises they've kept to buyers. President Trump’s scorched earth trade policy is not working. … I sent this letter to President Trump today asking for an immediate FBI investigation, or else a withdrawal of the nominationpic.twitter.com/vN1dlybAz2 Yet, Senate Republicans and the White House have blocked an FBI investigation and refuse to call other relevant witnesses. These women had every reason to stay silent to avoid harassment and death threats. They have shown that they have nothing to hide by calling for a nonpartisan FBI investigation and sworn testimony from other witnesses. The White House and Senate Republicans must choose: either immediately call for the FBI to conduct an investigation into the multiple allegations of sexual assault by Judge Kavanaugh or withdraw his nomination. .@SenDuckworth and I accepted a letter signed by more than 1,400 women & men who attended school in the greater Northwest D.C. / Maryland area – including Dr. Blasey Ford’s & Judge Kavanaugh’s alma maters – to show support for Dr. Blasey Ford ahead of tomorrow's hearing.pic.twitter.com/1c57maiN5V That’s hours after we hear testimony from Dr. Blasey Ford and Judge Kavanaugh. Clearly Republicans meant it when they said they wanted to “plow right through” on this nomination, regardless of what happens on Thursday. … I met with Philippine Ambassador Jose Manuel Romualdez today. We discussed the bilateral relations between the U.S. and the Philippines, and the need for President Duterte to adhere to democratic and human rights norms.pic.twitter.com/vfusPYCMCv HUD must hold public housing authorities accountable and ensure they are meeting their responsibilities to provide our most vulnerable residents safe and affordable housing. A situation like Cairo can never happen again. Today, @SenDuckworth and I submitted joint testimony to the House Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance’s hearing about the IG report on HUD’s failed oversight of the Cairo public housing crisis.pic.twitter.com/WNBpeB4JMe I’ll be joining @chucktodd on #MTPDaily at 5:40pm ET to discuss Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, and why it’s wrong for Republicans to “plow right through” with a vote and ignore serious and credible allegations of sexual assault. .@SenDuckworth, @RepBillFoster, and I are calling on the EPA and Sterigenics to test the air quality in Willowbrook for cancer-causing chemicals. These Illinois residents deserve transparency about whether any public health risks exist in their community.pic.twitter.com/CdEnlR38MT Proof that DHS Secretary Nielsen signed off on the Trump Administration’s cruel zero tolerance policy that separated thousands of families, including hundreds who still have not been reunited. Nielsen repeatedly denied the existence of this policy. She must step down. … Watch my full speech on the Senate floor today here:  … No nominee is entitled to a seat on the Supreme Court. It’s a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land. The person who fills that seat can make decisions which swing history one way or the other. Decisions that affect justice, privacy & fairness in everyone's life. Despite all the calls for fairness over and over again by Senator McConnell, fairness would dictate that the FBI do an impartial investigation of the sexual assault allegations against Judge Kavanaugh and present their conclusions, whatever they may be. “Plow right through.” That’s what Republican leaders want to do with Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, even though serious and credible allegations of sexual misconduct have been brought forward. Republicans want to rush this vote through ASAP.pic.twitter.com/2WQ2wYzZkt Today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay! Get registered to vote here:  pic.twitter.com/8bVePtYnHB Cynthia, our 2018-19 Midwest Youth of the Year started an anti-bullying program she called MY VOICE. Be the Change. Own the Future. #NYOY18pic.twitter.com/EnvOFSyddC Met with Cynthia Anyaso, an outstanding student from Evanston, who was selected as the @BGCA_Clubs Midwest Youth of the Year. She started an anti-bullying program called MY VOICE. Be the Change. Own the Future. She definitely has a bright future ahead. #NYOY18pic.twitter.com/eNPn7JTuEU Great to meet Paul Kelly of @ElkGrove_HS today, who was named the 2018 Illinois Principal of the Year by the @NASSP.pic.twitter.com/UsS9eqy9Yi So until it does, and until Leopoldo Lopez, Juan Requesens, and the other political prisoners are freed, the National Assembly’s powers restored, and a legitimate democratic process is reestablished, I will continue to support pressure on this corrupt regime. I wish we had not reached this desperate moment. I wish the Maduro regime would play by basic democratic rules and let the Venezuelan people freely decide their leaders. I wish the Maduro regime had the courage to compete in a free and fair election. But it didn’t. Joined a group of bipartisan Senators today introducing a sweeping bill to address the humanitarian crisis and governmental collapse in Venezuela. Those responsible for Venezuela’s misery must be held accountable. Talking to @ThisWeekABC at 9am ET / 8am CT about the serious and credible sexual assault allegation against Judge Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump's nominee to the Supreme Court. Tune in. … Dr. Blasey Ford has made the extremely brave decision to testify before the Senate this coming week. Now Senate Republicans must ensure this is a fair hearing with testimony from other witnesses -- especially Mark Judge -- and questions asked by Senators. Teen vaping is skyrocketing in 2018. Why? The companies that make e-cigarettes continue to target teens with candy and fruit flavored products. The numbers are troubling. I have called upon FDA to finally take serious action on this public health issue. … Dr. Blasey Ford has been clear in her desire to testify following an independent, thorough investigation by the FBI. The fact that Senate Republicans seem determined to avoid that & continue to push her into a rigged hearing before she is available is beyond the pale. Senate Republicans have tried to rig this process against Dr. Blasey Ford – no impartial FBI investigation, no testimony from a key eyewitness – and now they want to outsource their constitutional responsibilities. What are they afraid of? … Americans are closely watching. How Dr. Blasey Ford is treated in this moment reflects upon how seriously our Nation treats credible claims of sexual assault, and whether we have learned from past mistakes. … BREAKING: Judiciary Committee Democrats Ask Immediate FBI Action To Investigate Alleged Crimes Against Dr. Christine Blasey Ford  …pic.twitter.com/7HKQBO0za9 And to survivors of sexual assault: we hear you, we stand with you, and we believe you. If you need help, at any time, you can call the National Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-656-4673 for confidential assistance. You are not alone. I commend Dr. Blasey Ford for her bravery in coming forward. I hope my Republican colleagues will think carefully about this moment and what’s at stake. We must treat Dr. Blasey Ford’s allegations with the seriousness and dignity that survivors of sexual assault deserve. At a time when Dr. Blasey Ford is experiencing death threats and vicious attacks, Republicans are trying to rush a rigged hearing, refusing to call all of the relevant witnesses, and denying her request to hold off on a hearing until the FBI conducts an independent investigation. Today I sat down with leaders at @YWCAChicago for an important discussion about the challenges faced by sexual assault survivors—and the need to listen to, support, and believe survivors when they choose to come forward with their stories.pic.twitter.com/9OvQUOvrRk Without #NetNeutrality, small businesses could be relegated to internet slow lanes & forced to pay ridiculous fees to reach customers. It's up to Speaker Ryan to do the right thing and call up the #NetNeutrality resolution in the House. #SaveTheInternet Some of the loudest voices dismissing credible sexual assault allegations against Judge Kavanaugh are opposed to giving a second chance to young, nonviolent drug offenders who have rehabilitated themselves and taken responsibility for their actions. The hypocrisy is breathtaking. … A suggestion for the AG next time he drops by Chicago: release the hold on Chicago’s Byrne-JAG funds that support our police officers and their work in the community. … One year ago today, Hurricane Maria made landfall on Puerto Rico, devastating the island and claiming the lives of thousands. We must not forgot this tragedy and the work that still needs to be done to help our fellow Americans. I will continue to support their road to recovery.pic.twitter.com/03AxMPw7nr The numbers show that the Trump Administration continues to ignore tens of thousands of struggling student borrowers defrauded by their schools or is shortchanging them with partial relief. It took an Act of Congress, but we finally have regular public reporting of the Department of Education’s processing of borrower defense claims again. It’s no surprise the Department didn’t want to do this. We’re dealing with a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. If Republicans vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh, Americans can’t vote him out. If confirmed, he will be deciding cases affecting our health, safety, and privacy for decades. Republicans are comfortable with that? America is watching how the Senate handles Dr. Blasey Ford’s serious, credible allegations. This is not a typical partisan fight over process. This goes to fundamental questions about whether survivors of sexual assault will be treated with dignity and respect. Senate Republicans have tried to rig the process against Dr. Blasey Ford – no neutral investigation, no other witnesses - and now they seem happy that she won’t commit to a partisan ambush. They think this makes it easier for them to vote for Judge Kavanaugh. That’s insulting. … AFTERNOON READ: This in-depth look at how the Trump Administration has systematically dismantled our refugee resettlement system while the world faces the worst refugee crisis in history: … Republicans aren’t serious about giving Dr. Blasey Ford a fair hearing with all the facts and witnesses available. Rushing this hearing along, and having her appear at the Committee before the FBI can investigate her allegations, would be a big mistake. … Ending the Flores agreement would allow this anti-immigrant Trump Administration to indefinitely detain children. That’s something we can’t stand for in America. It’s cruel and unnecessary. … Glad to be back at @KnoxCollege1837 today to talk with political science and pre-law students and answer questionspic.twitter.com/RRXPV0L9Nf Refusing a nonpartisan FBI investigation of Dr. Blasey Ford’s allegations reflects poorly on the White House and Senate Republicans’ confidence in Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s denial. What are they afraid of? President Trump has unleashed a scorched Earth trade war that has no end in sight. Until this recklessness ends, American consumers, businesses, and farmers will feel the brunt of it. I’m all for fair trade, but this is no way to go about it. … Dr. Blasey Ford is calling for an impartial FBI investigation of her serious and credible allegations. Meanwhile Republicans are trying to bully her into a rigged hearing before a neutral investigation and without the only identified eyewitness.  #WhatAreTheyHiding To everyone observing Yom Kippur today - I wish you an easy fast and meaningful reflection. Sat down with local mayors and transportation leaders in Galesburg today to discuss the future of Amtrak’s long distance service and Illinois cities served by these routes.pic.twitter.com/w792nOrB9U Dr. Blasey Ford has demonstrated extraordinary bravery coming forward and facing an intense spotlight. Her allegations are credible and serious and should be treated as such. The FBI must conduct an independent investigation before a hearing is held. We should honor Dr. Blasey Ford’s wishes and delay this hearing. A proper investigation must be completed, witnesses interviewed, evidence reviewed and all sides spoken to. Only then should the chairman set a hearing date. Republicans cynically asking why Dr. Blasey Ford didn’t come forward earlier should look in the mirror. Their shameful attacks show exactly why it’s hard for survivors to come forward. We should respect & listen to her, not try to bully her into silence. … Today we must celebrate the 22nd anniversary of the Grand Staircase-Escalante Monument by fighting to protect it from real threats posed by the Trump administration. Let's pass #AntiquitiesActof2018 to preserve America's spectacular landscapes. #MonumentsForAllpic.twitter.com/4tzq9CoKRf Read my statement with @SenFeinstein here:pic.twitter.com/LZA5uCE4YM Pres Trump has once again dropped America’s moral standing to a new low by setting the refugee ceiling at an embarrassingly low 30,000 in the midst of the worst refugee crisis in history. This betrays America’s values & relinquishes our leadership role in defending human rights. Read our letters to Chairman Grassley, FBI Director Wray, and White House Counsel McGahn here:pic.twitter.com/fhnuilYP0W Along with my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Commitee, I'm urging a FBI investigation and asking Chairman Grassley to allow the Committee to perform its due diligence and find a fair path forward that treats these allegations with the respect that is required. We can’t afford to repeat the mistakes of the past. The FBI should be asked to run its investigation, and the Judiciary Committee should ask other relevant witnesses to testify, like Mark Judge and others the FBI identifies in an investigation. Rs are rushing a hearing within a week after a serious, credible allegation of sexual assault against Judge Kavanaugh. No FBI background investigation has been completed, no witnesses beyond the Judge & Dr. Blasey Ford have been asked to testify. Rs are trying to rig the hearing. Happy Birthday @usairforce and thank you to all the men and women who have dedicated their lives protecting our country over the last 71 years. #AFBDay @ScottAFB @IL_Natl_Guard … Since Judge Kavanaugh's selection, Republicans have been trying to rush his nomination and hide large parts of his record. Even with serious and credible allegations of sexual assault against Kavanaugh, their approach hasn’t changed. What's the rush and #WhatAreTheyHiding? I’ll be on @MorningEdition soon to discuss the latest with Judge Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination. Tune in. Along with my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, I'm requesting the White House confirm it has directed the FBI to conduct a background investigation into Dr. Ford’s serious and credible allegations of sexual assault by Brett Kavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/zq6WyS0FhZ The FBI’s career professionals should conduct an independent investigation before the Committee determines how to proceed on a bipartisan basis. My Republican colleagues are making a mistake if they plow ahead with a Committee vote this Thursday. They should reconsider. Some Republicans want to handle Dr. Ford’s allegations with a conference call. That is not a fair or credible approach, especially given that she is willing to testify before the Committee. In June, the Judiciary Committee held two hearings that discussed the challenges sexual assault survivors face in coming forward. #MeToo has shown that credible allegations often surface many years after the fact. We must respect & listen to survivors, not attack & bully them. Republicans cannot simply dismiss Dr. Ford’s allegations with a conference call. These are serious and credible allegations. Thursday’s vote must be delayed. Senate Republicans must postpone the vote they have scheduled for this Thursday on the Kavanaugh nomination. I commend Dr. Ford for having the courage to come forward. Her allegations are credible and serious, and must not be ignored. Read the @SenateDems letter here:pic.twitter.com/3kaPgsn1kG I’ll be on @NewDay soon to share why I’m urging Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee to delay a vote on Judge Kavanaugh. Congress cannot take these new allegations lightly. Tune in. Joining the panel on @Morning_Joe soon to discuss the latest with Judge Kavanaugh’s SCOTUS nomination. Rushing a vote on this nominee would be a historic mistake. Tune in. My statement on the sexual assault allegation against Judge Kavanaugh:pic.twitter.com/vzjeswM3rp Aung San Suu Kyi’s silence is deafening when it comes to the freedom of the press and the horrific slaughter of the Rohingya.  … Thinking about those lost due to Hurricane Florence and everyone who is still affected by the storm. Very thankful for the hard work of first responders who have braved the elements and danger to rescue those in need. If the #MeToo movement has taught us anything, it is that we must respect and listen to survivors of sexual assault, regardless of the age of those involved or when the alleged attack took place. Let me add - it is up to survivors of sexual assault alone to decide whether to come forward. It is completely unacceptable to attack anyone who alleges she has been assaulted. Kavanaugh provided misleading or inaccurate answers to many questions. And Republicans are hiding documents for 35 months when he was a top advisor to President Bush and worked on controversial issues like abortion, torture, warrantless wiretapping, and banning same-sex marriage. The American people deserve to know who Judge Kavanaugh is, but Republicans are trying to rush through this nomination while concealing critical parts of the nominee’s record. There are far too many questions swirling around this nomination. #WhatAreTheyHiding This is the most important Supreme Court vacancy in a generation, and President Trump has chosen Judge Kavanaugh to be the decisive vote on the health, privacy, and rights of all Americans, and whether our Constitution will protect everyone or just the wealthy and powerful. I am calling on Senate Republicans to delay next week’s Judiciary Committee vote on the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. America has always been a land of opportunity – and a place where refugees fleeing unspeakable violence have finally found safety. The Trump Administration has shut the door on our bipartisan tradition of generous leadership in refugee resettlement for the most vulnerable. … Standing in solidarity with the Chicago hospitality workers on strike for better health care and wages. I grew up in a union household and will continue to fight for our working families.pic.twitter.com/UVnyofECza From helping DEA stem the oversupply of painkillers, addressing early-life trauma that can lead to future drug abuse and violence, to supporting research into non-addictive pain meds, the Senate bill includes many of my priorities and I look forward to voting for it next week Visited Haymarket Center in Chicago today to discuss important initiatives I’ve included in the Senate’s opioid package that will be voted on next week. Our work is far from over, but this bill is an important step in combating the opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/cWuad7qjds Americans deserve a strong CFPB to police predatory student loan companies, servicers, and #4profit colleges. The Trump Administration & Mick Mulvaney are letting these corporate and #4profit interests exploit students and taxpayers with impunity. … For 2 years in a row, the Trump Admin has cut federal funding that helps Illinoisans sign up for health insurance. Pres Trump has shown us time & again he’s more interested in tax breaks for the super wealthy than helping bring down health care costs for middle-class families. … Proud to have introduced the SAFE Kids Act w/ @SenatorDurbin which puts limitations on flavored tobacco products. Glad to hear the FDA is requiring manufacturers to prove that minors can't obtain their vaping devices, or they'll be taken off the market.  That’s why @LisaMurkowski and I introduced the bipartisan SAFE Kids Act – a bill to get rid of the candy nicotine flavorings that are clearly designed to appeal to our kids. If FDA won’t follow through on it its own, Congress must. 12% of kids are vaping in America today. Why? The companies that sell these products have all types of candy and fruit flavors designed to attract children. The evidence is clear: e-cigarette companies are expanding their reach into our kids’ lives. That has got to stop. … This week, I wrote to the State Dept expressing my serious concern with the reported cancellation of a $700,000 grant to support free press in Hungary. Countering democratic backsliding in Europe is a vital American interest. More about this issue here: … The Trump Admin's answer to those most in need across the globe? Fear mongering and a cold shoulder. It's inexcusable to cut the refugee resettlement program, which has helped America lead by example, in the midst of the worst refugee crisis in history. … In their effort to rush the Kavanaugh nomination through, Senate Rs today broke a Senate Judiciary Committee rule that preserves the right of the minority party to have a full debate. The American people want us to consider all the evidence with this nomination; Senate Rs don’t. Republicans voted against my Kavanaugh subpoena request today. What is the purpose of administering the oath before the Committee if we are not holding witnesses to telling the truth, and when they fail to tell the truth, holding them accountable?pic.twitter.com/ie7aL8VfR4 The #1 driver for increases in premiums are Rx drugs & TV drug ads inflate drug spending without telling patients how much it costs. It's disappointing this measure was pulled at the last minute by House GOP. We need transparency & it's time to put consumers ahead of Big Pharma. My amendment with @ChuckGrassley & @SenAngusKing was supported by both parties, @AARP, American Medical Association, health insurance plans, 76% of Americans, Pres Trump & HHS. The only group who opposed it? Big Pharma & their Representatives in Congress: … Hearing rumors my bipartisan Durbin/Grassley legis to make drug companies list prices on TV ads is out of spending bill It is EMBARRASSING to bow to BIG PHARMA at expense of consumers Policy is supported by Pres Trump+AARP+Dem&GOP Sens If we can agree why are lobbyists fighting? .@PattyMurray and I led our Democratic colleagues in telling Sec. DeVos not to repeal the Gainful Employment rule, which holds #4profit colleges accountable for the ability of their graduates to get good jobs and repay their loans.  … Despite what the Trump Administration wants you to believe, make no mistake: The President has created one of the worst immigration and humanitarian crises this country has ever seen, and is traumatizing countless children in the process. … The President’s assertions fly in the face of the what we know happened to our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico, and completely disrespects their suffering in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. … I’m honored to serve alongside such an inspiring public servant, combat veteran, and mother in @SenDuckworth. Nothing holds her back. … Today the FDA finally recognized that youth use of e-cigarettes has reached epidemic levels. Companies like JUUL have put a new generation at risk of nicotine addiction and that has got to come to an end.pic.twitter.com/rumRefmCaH Visited @SinaiChicago to discuss my bipartisan amendment with @ChuckGrassley & @SenKing requiring pharmaceutical companies to disclose their drug prices in ads. If Big Pharma wants to flood the airwaves with their drug ads, they should tell the whole story—how much it costs.pic.twitter.com/d62r8baNZ2 This executive order has no teeth. Russia is actively seeking to interfere in our elections, and if the President wants to hold Putin accountable he should say he supports passing the sanctions bill in the Senate. … I'm hoping for the best for those on the East Coast as Hurricane Florence approaches. Please heed all warnings from your local emergency officials and take extra precaution. This is basic due diligence that should be done before a vote on any nominee. It is especially important for this nominee, given serious concerns about the credibility of his testimony. I submitted these written questions to Judge Kavanaugh after his hearing. He needs to provide complete answers and we need to see the relevant documents from his record to verify that his answers are accurate.  … Another #4profit college chain made misrepresentations to students; placed on probation by accreditor. Students beware. … I’m glad the FDA has agreed with my repeated calls to crack down on e-cigarette companies that peddle kid-appealing flavors. This is a health epidemic, and FDA must follow through with today’s announcement to protect youth from these dangerous and addictive products. … The people of Puerto Rico were left without electricity for almost a year. They suffered greatly in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. The President has forgotten the obvious, and he shouldn’t be bragging about the response to that hurricane. … The Trump family separation policy is a humanitarian disaster of this Administration’s own creation. Hundreds of children are still separated from their families. It’s heartless and antithetical to our values as a kind and caring nation. And no one has been held accountable. … I’m joining Chris on @CuomoPrimeTime tonight at 9pm ET to discuss what’s next in the SCOTUS nomination process. The lack of transparency around Judge Kavanaugh's record has left a cloud over his nomination. Tune in. 2,911 deaths in Puerto Rico were unaccounted for following Hurricane Maria. Families who qualified for federal funeral assistance could have been denied it, which is why I'm asking the Trump Administration what it plans to do to help these families: … While we should work to address unfair trading practices, the President’s sweeping actions put American businesses, consumers, and farmers at risk. Illinois’ economy cannot be held hostage by President Trump’s earth-scorching trade war. Today I met with Elgin manufacturing leaders to hear how they are being impacted by the steel and aluminum tariffs imposed by the Trump Administration.pic.twitter.com/WyUUzCHNeO This is a theme that we see emerge with Judge Kavanaugh time and time again – he says one thing under oath, and then the documents tell a different story. It is no wonder the White House and Senate Republicans are rushing through this nomination and hiding his record. It is clear now that not only did Judge Kavanaugh mislead me when it came to his involvement in the Bush Administration’s detention and interrogation policies, but also regarding his role in the controversial Haynes nomination. However, these emails from 2002 and 2003 show that then-Associate White House Counsel Brett Kavanaugh played a substantial role in the decision to nominate Haynes, including examining whether Haynes “would be an across-the-board judicial conservative”.pic.twitter.com/Ri0EuREWYM In 2006, I asked Judge Kavanaugh about his role in the 4th Circuit nomination of Jim Haynes – a key figure in crafting the Bush White House detention & interrogation policies. Under oath, he said, "I’ve—I know Jim Haynes, but it was not one of the nominations that I handled.” We continue to find more evidence that Judge Kavanaugh misled me and the Judiciary Committee under oath. I’m posting important documents that Senate Republicans didn’t want the American people to see. We deserve transparency about this nominee. Enjoyed visiting Hampshire High School today and learning more about their industrial education program that covers welding, robotics, automatic technology, manufacturing and computer aided design.pic.twitter.com/gc3OBAdQ0p The Attorney General is supposed to advance justice for everyone in our country – including immigrants. Instead, Jeff Sessions disparages lawyers who represent immigrants & undermines the independence of immigration courts to suit his anti-immigrant agenda … This is against the will of Congress, the climate, and common sense. … We owe it to Delmonte to keep pushing hard for meaningful reforms that can save lives in Chicago and every community that is fighting our nation’s epidemic of gun violence. … Kem Sokha has suffered for democracy in Cambodia. His release is a positive step, but bogus charges must be dropped. … Proud to join colleagues in Rockford yesterday to announce more than $450,000 in federal funding to help the city open a Family Justice Center, which will provide comprehensive services to survivors of domestic violence, assault, and human trafficking. … Today, we remember #September11. We’ll never forget the innocent Americans we lost 17 years ago, and those who fought overseas to defend our freedom. This country was united by love and common purpose in the days & years after the attack. In those dark times, we found the light. .@RonWyden and I want the @USTreasury and @IRSnews to make clear that fraudulently issued student loan debt taken out by former ITT Tech students will not be considered income for federal tax purposes. These students shouldn’t be mistreated by their government too.pic.twitter.com/jK9u3sRE0D Shanah tovah to Jewish communities in Illinois and around the world tonight #RoshHashanah I’ve never been part of a Supreme Court nomination hearing like this past week’s.  With so much concealment and so many questions about Judge Kavanaugh’s record, this nomination has a cloud over it. … This is heartbreaking. Chicago has lost far too many aspiring young people to senseless gun violence. When will Republicans in Congress finally decide to act? … Republican lawyer Bill Burck shouldn’t get to decide what the American people can see of Judge Kavanaugh‘s White House record. That’s not transparency. My Judiciary Committee colleague @CoryBooker is doing the right thing. … What authority does GOP attorney Bill Burck have to designate docs “committee confidential?” None. Dems never agreed to this attempt at concealment. The American people have the right to see the record from Judge Kavanaugh’s public service career. I stand w my friend @CoryBooker. … Finally, Judge Kavanaugh has been chosen by a President who shows contempt for the rule of law. And Kavanaugh has said that Presidents can ignore certain laws and that sitting presidents should not face criminal investigations. Never has a SCOTUS nomination had so much at stake.pic.twitter.com/5uPIVpFsjy I showed Judge Kavanaugh his 2006 testimony, where he unambiguously said he had no involvement in these questions. But we now know, from the limited records we have, that he was involved in at least 3 ways. His claim that he told the “whole truth” in 2006 is simply not credible. Then, on two separate occasions, Judge Kavanaugh denied misleading the Committee in 2006 when he told me under oath, “I was not involved and am not involved in the questions about the rules governing detention of combatants” while at the Bush White House. I asked Judge Kavanaugh about dissents he wrote on women’s rights, labor rights, and gun safety laws. His writings and his answers were troubling. He has shown he will go out of his way to ignore clear precedent in order to seek outcomes that fit his ideology. There is a cloud over this nomination given the lack of transparency around Judge Kavanaugh’s public-service record. But we did learn at least a few things from Judge Kavanaugh this week. However, an unprecedented amount of Judge Kavanaugh’s record is being concealed & he refused to delay his hearing in the name of transparency so his full White House record could be released. The Senate is being denied information that we need to evaluate his views & credibility. Instead, Judge Kavanaugh wants us to trust his word that he would be an independent justice who would approach cases with an open mind and no agenda. As President Reagan used to say, trust but verify. In my opening statement at Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing, I predicted that he wouldn’t tell the Judiciary Committee much. I was right. He refused to discuss his views on many critical issues facing our country in this perilous moment. Like my mentor Paul Douglas, Barack Obama held himself and all around him to the highest ethical standards. Eight years in the White House and not one scandal, not one indictment, not one whiff of impropriety. Isn’t that what America deserves? Honored to join my friend @BarackObama as he receives the Paul Douglas Award for Ethics in Government today at @Illinois_Alma. Barack Obama’s integrity and achievements exemplify what Senator Douglas stood for.pic.twitter.com/yGbKISPuLh The Trump Administration’s anti-immigrant agenda moves from separating families to indefinitely detaining them. The American Academy of Pediatrics found that DHS facilities “do not meet the basic standard of care for children.” We must forcefully stand against this. … Roe v. Wade is "settled law" only until five conservative Supreme Court Justices overturn it. Judge Kavanaugh's statements - and email made public today - raise serious concerns that he would undermine Roe. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/RWXcEAauJg Joining @MSNBC soon to discuss today's hearing with Judge Kavanaugh - who continued to dodge tough questions on his record. Tune in. This was a heinous Russian-led murder on allied soil, and it’s imperative we stand with the UK and all our allies as they fight back against the Russian threat. What good can our President possibly see in Putin? … A Supreme Court nominee who believes that the president can ignore laws is especially troubling when the president has no respect for the rule of law. President Trump has shown his disdain for the rule of law and our democratic values time and time again. Supreme Court Justices serve as a check on presidential power, which is why I asked Judge Kavanaugh about his views on this topic.pic.twitter.com/RgUbv6gWHD pic.twitter.com/x1hS2n4VTr He did it again today. … WATCH: Senate Republicans tried to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s record on key issues like women’s constitutional rights, race, executive power, and more.   @SenateDems are fighting back.pic.twitter.com/VzZBNJ2CqH Tune in now to watch me question Judge Brett Kavanaugh at his confirmation hearing:  … The Judiciary Committee is considering a nominee to serve a lifetime appointment on the highest court in the land. Not releasing or reviewing his full record would be a disservice to the American people. I agree with @CoryBooker. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/Nfkn0Dvs8d For Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, Republicans have decided to use a GOP lawyer & Kavanaugh’s former deputy, Bill Burck, to lead the document production process. Historically, this is done by the National Archives. Why is Kavanaugh getting special treatment? #WhatAreTheyHiding History in India and a victory for LGBTQ rights and equality around the world. Love is love. … This ruling highlights that if confirmed to the Supreme Court, Judge Kavanaugh will undoubtedly erode women’s constitutional rights. Instead of respecting her decision and acknowledging the hoops that she had jumped through, Judge Kavanaugh called it an “abortion-on-demand” and would have allowed the government to further delay her ability to access an abortion. Yesterday I asked Judge Kavanaugh about his dissent in Garza v. Hargan. This case involved a 17-year-old young woman who sought an abortion in Texas while in immigration custody. She took every step required by law to move forward with her decision. This would be a tragic comedy if it weren’t for the fact that we are talking about the highest level of government in our nation that makes life and death decisions. … His dissent ignored the clear definition of the word “employee” in the National Labor Relations Act. Every other adjudicator who considered the issue – including conservative Republican appointees - ruled for the workers. Judge Kavanaugh claims he follows Supreme Court precedent. But in Agri Processor v. NLRB, he ignored a 7-2 Supreme Court decision and bent over backwards to take the side of a company against the workers it abused. Judge Kavanaugh ignored precedent and said undocumented immigrants had no right to unionize.   .@SenatorDurbin: “Everyone else who looked at this question … followed the Supreme Court precedent and came to the opposite conclusion that you did.”pic.twitter.com/x6kQXCFJGn I’ll be joining @CNNSitRoom soon to discuss today’s Supreme Court nomination hearing with Judge Kavanaugh, and my thoughts on the answers he gave the Committee on his record. Tune in. Judge Kavanaugh says he is a textualist. But he is twisting the plain meaning of the word “detention” to serve his own interests. It’s simply not credible.pic.twitter.com/fMwkej4Hva Now he acknowledges he was involved with the rules for access to counsel for detainees and the detention of U.S. citizen enemy combatants, as well as the signing statement for the McCain Torture Amendment. But he still claims his 2006 testimony was accurate. In 2006, Judge Kavanaugh told me under oath “I was not involved and am not involved in the questions about the rules governing detention of combatants.” Today I asked Judge Kavanaugh whether he would ask Republicans to stop the concealment and make his full record public for the American people. He refused. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/xsQ9LBzaOM .@SenatorDurbin calls out Republicans for using an “unprecedented” process to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records – allowing Kavanaugh’s former deputy to screen his records instead of depending on the nonpartisan National Archives.pic.twitter.com/KOatltHn2B I’m now questioning Judge Kavanaugh at today’s Judiciary Committee hearing. There’s a lot to discuss in my 30 minutes of Q&A time. Tune in:  … Today is the first day senators will get to press Judge Kavanaugh on his extreme record on women’s Constitutional rights, health care, presidential power & more. Will he answer their questions, or will he do everything in his power to evade them? #WhatsAtStake #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/72JCQpfWHh To all the #Dreamers in Illinois and across the country: don’t give up the fight. We need your voices now more than ever. One day Congress will make the #DreamAct the law of the land. On that day America will be a stronger and better nation. Instead of working with Democrats, Trump has sabotaged every effort to save #Dreamers and tried to put his entire hardline immigration agenda on their backs. We need bipartisan action, not hateful, anti-immigrant rhetoric. #DreamActNow Since President Trump announced he was ending #DACA one year ago, he has rejected at least 6 bipartisan deals to give #Dreamers a future here in America. He’s proven time and again he has no interest in solving the crisis he created. One year ago today, President Trump announced he was ending the #DACA program. With the stroke of a pen, he could fix it and give #Dreamers the future they deserve in the only country they call home. #SaveDACApic.twitter.com/sCY74IZRvg All day long, Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee argued against transparency when it comes to Judge Kavanaugh’s record. The American people deserve better. If Rs are proud of this nominee’s record, they should let the American people see it.  #WhatAreTheyHiding This partisan Republican process will keep millions of pages of records from critical periods of Judge Kavanaugh’s career hidden from the American public. Under Mr. Burck’s process, the Senate and the American people are left in the dark. And of the documents he has given to the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Burck is trying to keep many of them hidden from the American people by claiming they should be kept “committee confidential.” Mr. Burck is picking and choosing documents to share with the Judiciary Committee. He is not producing a privilege log – a record of what documents are being withheld – so we do not know what he is choosing to hide and why. Who is Mr. Burck? He’s a Republican attorney who represents both President Bush and White House Counsel Don McGahn. He actually used to work for Brett Kavanaugh as his Deputy Staff Secretary. So far, the only documents we’ve seen from Judge Kavanaugh’s White House Counsel record are documents that were handpicked and cleared by Bill Burck. Burck is also hiding one hundred thousand documents citing “executive privilege."pic.twitter.com/Yd2mxXhBFl Today I told Judge Kavanaugh that there's a 35 month black hole in his record. Without documents from his time as White House Staff Secretary, how can the Senate honestly fulfill its duty to advise and consent? #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/5f5zjBEN87 Judge Kavanaugh has been nominated by a President who disregards the truth and acts as if he's above the law. The American people deserve to know whether Judge Kavanaugh believes if this president - or any in our future - is above the law. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/f5NqFBlAO8 The future of the ACA and coverage for pre-existing conditions are at stake with the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh – and his views on this landmark law are clear. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/QBgnlTGOCm "DeVos has been a one-woman employment agency on behalf of for-profit industry cast-offs, and she eliminated an Education Department team that had been investigating for-profit school abuse." … The reason for Mayor George Pradel’s popularity: he brought out the best in all of us. He loved Naperville and he loved life. He was more than “Officer Friendly.” He was a friend to everyone he met. I was glad to be in those ranks.pic.twitter.com/2wYH9bk6K1 If Judge Kavanaugh believes he can defend his full record - then he should ask the Judiciary Committee to adjourn his hearing until Senate Republicans produce his record for all to see. Until then, we'll presume there's something to hide. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/Tq83lbTCqD WATCH: Senate Republicans are taking “unprecedented” steps to jam through the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court – and Senate Democrats are fighting back. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/7EkmSGQmrS The voices heard at today's hearing are the noise of democracy - and it's because we have before us a nominee to the highest court in the land whose record is being hidden from the public. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/TwnNSHav4g .@SenatorDurbin to Judge Kavanaugh:”There is a 35 month black hole in your White House career.”  Major issues during that period: •same sex marriage  •abortion •executive power  •detainees torture  •Supreme Court nominees •warrantless wiretapping  #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/vbVq7a86zF It has been my honor to work closely with @ChicagosMayor.  Rahm has left his mark and I wish him and Amy the best in the days ahead.pic.twitter.com/MWSYN5rBTQ Welcome back and good luck to all Illinois students returning to school this week. It’s unprecedented for the Senate Judiciary Committee to be considering a nominee for the highest court in the land without reviewing documents from 35 months of his public service in the White House. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/eE7ThqLUZH The fact that the Senate Judiciary Committee can’t take a few days or weeks to completely review Judge Kavanaugh’s record is unfair to the American people. Where is the transparency? #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/U0gFDQeftc Most people wouldn’t buy a used car without checking the full vehicle history report. Yet Republicans are pressuring us to accept Brett Kavanaugh as a replacement for Justice Anthony Kennedy without letting us check his full record. America could get taken for a ride. Why are Senate Republicans so eager to rush through President Trump’s SCOTUS nominee without meeting the basic requirement of due diligence that the American people expect and deserve? #WhatAreTheyHiding This AM, all @SenateDems on the Judiciary Committee will preview #WhatsAtStake in the Kavanaugh nomination to the Supreme Court. Republicans are forcing his hearing without his full record, leaving us to ask: What are they hiding? Watch LIVE at 8:45: … The American people deserve better when it comes to the process that has been employed to vet Judge Kavanaugh. They deserve honesty, transparency, and the nominee’s full record for review. #WhatAreTheyHiding The stakes for this SCOTUS nom are enormous. The next justice could be the swing vote on the highest court for a generation or more. And yet Senate Republicans are utterly failing to do their job of conducting a thorough, transparent review of the nominee. #WhatAreTheyHiding These are completely trumped up and ridiculous charges for two journalists who did their job by reporting ethnic cleansing atrocities in Myanmar. Once again calling on the Burmese government to release them. … Attended Sen. McCain’s service with a friend that may surprise some, my former campaign opponent, Rep. Durkin. It is my sincere hope that politicians on both sides of the aisle will heed Sen. McCain’s final words of putting aside “tribal loyalties.” … On #LaborDay, we celebrate the grit and resilience of American workers. Today, we remember their legacy and the progress we have made, but also recognize that our work to ensure opportunity for all is not done yet.pic.twitter.com/QALuH4VXMA Are these controversial issues that raise important constitutional questions? You bet. Should we be able to review documents that reflect Judge Kavanaugh’s work and views on these issues? Of course we should. #WhatAreTheyHiding … Joining @FoxNewsSunday to share stories about my friend, John McCain, and preview Judge Kavanaugh's hearing, which is set to begin on Tuesday with only 6% of his White House record available for review. Tune in. It would be an abdication of the Senate’s constitutional responsibility of “advice and consent” to consider Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the highest court without getting his full White house record, including documents from his time as Staff Secretary. #WhatAreTheyHiding #NotTheOnion  It’s truly a shame for Republicans to misrepresent what’s been an unprecedented cover-up of documents for a #SCOTUS nominee … When I met with Judge Kavanaugh, he acknowledged he worked on same-sex marriage, abortion, executive power, torture, Supreme Court nominations, warrantless wiretapping, and more as Staff Secretary. Why are Republicans hiding his records from this time period? #WhatAreTheyHiding We are more than 5 weeks past the court ordered deadline to reunite families that were ripped apart at the border by the Trump Admin. Yet, 100's of kids remain separated including babies whose parents were deported without them. When will the cruelty end? … The biggest black hole in Judge Kavanaugh's record is his 35-month tenure as White House Staff Secretary from July 2003 to May 2006. Republicans are not disclosing any documents from this 35-month time period. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/OpoSnwWEWf Honored to attend this touching ceremony for my friend and America's hero, John McCain. … The Trump Administration must reverse course in order to provide the critical humanitarian and other aid needed in the West Bank and Gaza. … Good to be in East St. Louis earlier today to cut the ribbon marking the second phase of the River Bridge District revitalization project. Proud to help secure this important federal investment for the community and my hometown.pic.twitter.com/p1sGFAhCmK More evidence of the Trump Administration’s extreme anti-immigrant agenda - they sanction Nicaraguan government that “brutalized their own people” while forcing Nicaraguans with clean records and deep roots in our country to return to face these abuses. … Exciting news that Boeing St. Louis has been selected to build the @USNavy’s MQ-25A Stingray unmanned aircraft. The Navy won’t be disappointed in the men and women of downstate Illinois who are ready to get to work. .@BarackObama's achievements and vision of government embody what Senator Paul Douglas believed in. Looking forward to his speech next week when he accepts the award that bears Douglas’ name at @Illinois_Alma: … It's clear that there are many parts of Judge Kavanaugh’s record that Republicans do not want the American people to see. #WhatAreTheyHiding Celebrating completion of updated Olmsted Lock and Dam, one of the busiest stretches of IL’s inland water system for commercial navigation. Thanks to everyone for their work that helped make this project a reality.pic.twitter.com/kh5owleeY5 The DeVos plan to use taxpayer money to arm school teachers would make our students less safe. Along with @PattyMurray, I'm asking the Trump Administration to abandon this dangerous proposal:pic.twitter.com/ZIYdar2Vzs Wrong, Mr. President. Nearly 3,000 American citizens lost their lives in this tragedy because of a botched effort to quickly get Puerto Rico the aid they so desperately needed. This isn’t how America should respond to disasters. Ever. … Senator McCain’s parting words to put aside “tribal loyalties” could not come at a more important time in our history. More of my thoughts on my friendship with John McCain in today’s @chicagotribune: … Yesterday I visited @heartlandhelps’ READI program – a new violence prevention initiative that connects at-risk Chicagoans with transitional jobs, mental health counseling, and support services.pic.twitter.com/Eei5Kn6zod These tariffs were ill-conceived from the start and hurt Illinois’ hardworking newspapers. Glad ITC unanimously rejected them. … It's particularly important to review the record of *this* SCOTUS nominee who has been appointed by *this* President at *this* moment. And it’s shocking that the Administration & Senate Republicans are hiding huge portions of Judge Kavanaugh’s record in light of this. Honored to speak to pediatricians at @AdvocateKids’ symposium this morning about the importance of addressing underlying trauma to help prevent violencepic.twitter.com/f63sbABi0i This is why I’ve repeatedly called on FDA to stop its unnecessary and dangerous delays of regulations on e-cigarettes and kid-friendly flavorings & introduced a bipartisan bill w/ @lisamurkowski to force FDA to regulate these addictive, kid-friendly products more quickly. "Government oversight is not the only answer, but it's one answer, and whatever the FDA can do, it ought to do faster.”   I agree. CC: @US_FDA … I’ve spoken often about the need for Congress to address the student debt crisis. I’ve filed student loan amendments to several bills and tried to get the Senate to debate the issue on the floor. When will Republicans stop ignoring this problem? … Read our letter to Chairman Grassley today:pic.twitter.com/jRMUXhjeGH We have less than a week before the nomination hearing for Judge Kavanuagh, and the Senate Judiciary Committee has received less than 6% of his White House record. This vetting process is woefully inadequate. What are Senate Republicans hiding? Watch my entire floor speech from this morning honoring the life and legacy of my friend, John McCain:  … There’s an empty space in the Senate chamber without John McCain. There’s an empty space in America without his spirit. He will be missed but certainly never forgotten.pic.twitter.com/7YSkmBdYiq .@SenAngusKing, @SenTinaSmith & I succeeded in securing another $5M to fund #open textbooks in last week’s Senate-passed FY19 appropriations bill. Thanks @RoyBlunt @PattyMurray for your support. Now we need to make sure the House knows how important these funds are for students. One of John McCain’s lasting impacts will be his work during trips around the world – often to places marked with violence, human rights violations, and tragedy. I’ll always remember this CODEL we took to Ukraine in 2014 in support of Ukraine’s freedom & democracy.pic.twitter.com/fW9jNp4KMZ This is a great commitment U of I is making to Illinois’ students. It will help increase access to a quality higher education for Illinois families. … Trump family separation crisis in numbers:   2 months since court order to reunify families   1 month since court deadline to reunify families   343 children STILL separated from deported parents   ZERO Trump officials fired for this humanitarian crisis It’s long past time for Congress to take the next step and pass the bipartisan #SentencingReform bill I introduced with @ChuckGrassley. This month 8 years ago @BarackObama signed into law my Fair Sentencing Act, the most significant reforms ever to the mandatory minimum sentences that have filled our prisons with nonviolent drug offenders. Nearly 2 dozen Rohingya refugees say one Buddhist neighbor, above all, is responsible for the mass slaughter in their village last August  The Rohingya are victims of genocide per the @UN. It’s time we hold the Burmese government accountable for their human rights atrocities. … BREAKING: A "final message" from the late John McCain is read by an aide.pic.twitter.com/RLZRGfOAQ4 The @US_FDA must get serious about protecting America’s youth from this predatory marketing. JUUL and other flavored e-cigarettes are pulling a page out of Big Tobacco’s playbook to hook a generation of kids into a lifelong addiction. @lisamurkowski and I have intro’d a bill to restrict these kid-appealing flavors. … The Trump Administration has forced another cop from the beat when it comes to protecting students from predatory #4profit colleges, loan servicers, and repayment scams. It is shameful. I thank Mr. Frotman for his hard work and years of service on behalf of students & taxpayers. … The Land of Lincoln celebrated the 200th anniversary of the adoption of the Illinois Constitution over the weekend, kicking off the start to its Bicentennial Celebration … I’m heartbroken for Jacksonville. No community should have to suffer from such senseless gun violence. When will Congress have the courage to stand up to the NRA and pass meaningful reforms to help prevent these shootings in America? Such an awful tragedy in Little Village this weekend. My prayers are with the parents and loved ones during this difficult time. … I hope the Senate will follow Sen. McCain's call to action. It's time we heed his words, drop partisan battles, and work towards finding more ways we are alike than different.pic.twitter.com/s0N1wVJx38 John McCain always had a voice of clarity, vision, and courage. I was honored to work across the aisle with him on so many issues. He was a leader.pic.twitter.com/DlZ3M1116B I’ll be joining @FaceTheNation this morning to discuss the life and legacy of my friend and America’s hero, John McCain. My friend and America’s hero, John McCain, landed safely tonight at Heaven’s gates. This amendment passing the Senate sent a clear message to Big Pharma. Let’s keep up the momentum in the House. Pharma tells you every detail in their ads about their high priced drugs EXCEPT the price. New Durbin-Grassley amendment would require honest price disclosure on all ads. It may not be the biggest news story of the week but one of the most surprising: an evening tweet from Pres Trump praising an unnamed (Durbin-@ChuckGrassley) amendment which would require Pharma to disclose the price of their drugs on all of their ads. … This is an absolute outrage. The U.S. must stand for progress on human rights and women’s rights in Saudi Arabia, and the Saudis must unconditionally release all political prisoners without delay. … This Republican bill does nothing to require insurers to cover vital health care services. Bill essentially says if you have cancer, your insurance plan doesn’t have to offer cancer care.  What kind of “pre-existing condition protection” is that? … That is why the Senate’s continued commitment to the NIH is so vital.  We have created a new standard that I hope continues for generations to come. Yesterday the Senate passed a 5.4% increase for @NIH funding. We can’t stop there - in order to make a real difference, investments to our medical research agencies must be sustained year after year. I was honored to receive the first annual Friend of Higher Education Award from the National Council of Higher Education and @NEAToday. I will continue to be a strong advocate for and support legislation to protect students and address the student loan debt crisis.pic.twitter.com/9feeYM9x1w "Arming teachers with federal education money? Are they even thinking?" … It’s time to hit pause and come together to discuss a more credible and bipartisan process for filling this vacancy. Read my letter to Chairman Grassley with Democratic Judiciary Committee members:pic.twitter.com/joIOdFeSHP We are at the threshold of a constitutional crisis. Rushing ahead with a hearing on Judge Kavanaugh – who has argued a sitting President shouldn’t be investigated – would be a mistake. .@SenJohnMcCain is my friend and a man with unrivaled courage. He has served this nation with distinction, and he and his family are in my prayers. The Trump Administration’s health care policies are raising premium costs on Americans. Don’t take my word for it, just read this nonpartisan report that has the facts: … Today, Republicans held a vote to defund Planned Parenthood on the Senate floor, and it failed. I voted no on behalf of the millions of women who use it for their health care needs.pic.twitter.com/mgBHO3bwtw The amendment @ChuckGrassley & I introduced on transparent drug pricing was supported by Democrats & Republicans, @AARP, @AmerMedicalAssn, 76% of Americans, Pres Trump & HHS. The only group who opposed it? Big Pharma.    Unanimously passing it today is a big win for consumers.pic.twitter.com/wPJZpaDfld Just when you thought Betsy DeVos couldn’t top her ridiculous idea to arm schools to protect against grizzly bears… … What is in these documents that Judge Kavanaugh does not want America to see? Time and again, he would not rule out that there are documents about his work on these issues. The American people need to see these documents before the Senate considers his nomination. Judge Kavanaugh today acknowledged that he was involved in many of these issues, including same-sex marriage, abortion, executive power, detainees, torture, Supreme Court nominations, warrantless wiretapping, and more. The Administration and Senate Republicans have refused to disclose any documents from the 35 months that Judge Kavanaugh spent as Staff Secretary in the White House, a time when many controversial issues of constitutional importance were debated and decided.pic.twitter.com/80tx8kbqqr Today I met with Judge Kavanaugh to discuss his nomination to serve on the Supreme Court. My statement on that meeting here:pic.twitter.com/Z6ivsChGSD The stars r aligned to do something abt drug prices   Durbin/Grassley/chairman Alexander/Secy of HHS Azar for Trump  We shld not let this Approps bill out of Senate wo Durbin’s amend w it’s strong support  BigPharma has to be corralled Judge Kavanaugh was strident during the investigation of President Clinton. Years later while working in the Bush WH, he changed his tune on presidential investigations. In light of the verdicts and guilty pleas this week, the American people deserve to know where he stands.pic.twitter.com/MRHMn950aK Joining the panel on @Morning_Joe soon to discuss #WhatsAtStake with the Supreme Court nomination. I have some questions for Judge Kavanaugh today when I meet with him. Tune in. That’s why I introduced amendments today that prohibit Sec. DeVos from rewriting or repealing the Borrower Defense and Gainful Employment Obama-era rules that protected student borrowers from these predatory & poor performing colleges.  … Secretary DeVos isn’t holding the for-profit college industry accountable, she’s just making it harder for the students who are lured into their traps. Read my letter to Secretary Nielsen today:pic.twitter.com/EI825VGzk7 The Trump Administration’s anti-immigrant agenda has provoked the worst immigration crisis in modern times. Under Secretary Nielsen’s leadership, this crisis gets worse by the day. RT if you think Big Pharma should put price tags on prescription drug ads Watch my speech on the Senate floor here:  … The American people deserve pricing transparency and lower Rx drug costs. The bipartisan amendment @ChuckGrassley and I introduced is simple – direct-to-consumer drug ads should include a price tag. 76% of Americans, @AmerMedicalAssn, and @AARP agree. The pharmaceutical industry spends $6 billion on direct-to-consumer advertisements, steering patients to buy more expensive, sometimes unnecessary drugs.  What is left out of these ads? The price tag. Why aren't Senate Republicans following the standards and precedents they set for this SCOTUS nomination? #WhatAreTheyHiding In 2010, the public was able to see 99% of Justice Kagan’s record from her time in the Clinton White House. Fast forward to 2018, and the public has seen only 2% of Judge Kavanaugh’s record from his time in the Bush White House. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/W0hZaGMGYC Judge Kavanaugh worked in the Bush WH for 5 years, 35 months as Staff Secretary. He called that time “formative” for his career as a judge. The Judiciary Committee has ZERO documents from his 35 months as Staff Secretary. It’s a black hole in his record. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/0AI7UJrdoR The Queen of Soul will continue to inspire generations to come, not only through phenomenal music, but through her cultural contributions to society. I’m proud join my fellow Senators in a honoring Aretha Franklin with a bill to award her a Congressional Gold Medal. … Happy birthday to Sister Jean #OnwardLU … The #CleanPowerPlan’s goals were to reduce CO2 emissions by 32% below 2005 levels. According to @EIAgov, the U.S. was already at 28% below 2005 levels in 2017. Pulling back on this goal was foolish. Make communities less clean. Prop up corporate interests. Cede global leadership on combating climate change.    That is the Trump Administration's #DirtyPowerPlan strategy for our environment and public health. Our kids and grandkids deserve better. … I welcome the release on bail of wrongly detained @RadioFreeAsia journalists Uon Chhin and Yeang Sothearin. All charges should also be dropped and the other remaining political prisoners in Cambodia should be released. Republicans are refusing to be transparent about Judge Kavanaugh’s records prior to his hearing. The public has only seen a glimpse of handpicked docs from Kavanaugh’s White House tenure and no docs from his self-described “formative” years as Staff Secretary. #WhatAreTheyHiding Judge Kavanaugh worked in the Bush White House for 5 years. 2% of his records from that time have been made public – and those were cherrypicked for release by Kavanaugh’s former deputy, a Republican lawyer. Does that sound fair, transparent, and objective? #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/kleG91hiM3 As the immigration chaos builds in the wake of zero-tolerance, the end of DACA, and countless anti-immigrant policies implemented by this White House, America’s immigration system is crying out for reform. … The process Republicans have chosen to follow for the Kavanaugh nomination is unprecedented for a Supreme Court Justice, riddled with hypocrisy, and lacks transparency. #WhatAreTheyHiding … William H. McRaven oversaw the raid that killed Osama bin Laden.  McRaven wrote this in defense of former CIA director John Brennan — "one of the finest public servants I have ever known" — after President Trump revoked Brennan's security clearance  U.S. imposes sanctions on Myanmar military over Rohingya crackdown  E-cigarettes & cigars, have no place in the lives of our youth & shouldn’t be marketed to children, period. @SenatorDurbin & I introduced the SAFE Kids Act, which places strict limitations on the use of flavors in tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes & cigars.pic.twitter.com/htSE8bdTJr Great to be at @buildchicago’s Summer of Opportunity Streetfest – a special event that connects youth, family, and community to support young people and prevent violence #BuildFuturespic.twitter.com/3Rhd9lyHRG And Senator McConnell must stop blocking the bipartisan bill that would sanction the perpetrators of these atrocities. I have joined with my Senate colleagues to urge Secretary of State Pompeo and the President to publicly speak out against these inhumane acts being committed in Burma, and continue to take action. Read the full statement here: … America has been on the front lines of the humanitarian effort to stop the ethnic cleansing being committed against Rohingya, but we must not stop there. Today’s announcement about sanctions against Burmese military officials responsible for human rights violations is a long overdue step. As the one-year anniversary of this brutal campaign approaches, the US must continue to fight against human rights atrocities & ethnic cleansing From Parkland to Chicago, we have to recognize both the physical and emotional scars wrought by the trauma of gun violence. This is a public health epidemic that we must confront with all hands on deck. … Right now, the White House is saying to the American people: critical documents about Judge Kavanaugh’s decisions as a top staffer to President Bush are just like President Trump’s tax returns. None of your business. That is why I joined @SenatorLeahy & @SenFeinstein to press the Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman to request the public release of all documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the White House, which he called the most “formative” preparation he had for becoming a judge. Even in the small percentage of docs made available to the Judiciary Comm thru the partisan process led by Kavanaugh's former deputy, we have found info raising serious concerns regarding Judge Kavanaugh’s ’06 noms hearing, where we believe he misled the Senate #ReleasetheRecords … This is the action of a President consumed by fear and determined to undermine free speech, the rule of law, and our Constitution. When will the Republicans take a stand against these outrages? Revoking John Brennan’s security clearance is a transparent attempt to silence a critic and to intimidate others who might question the President's conduct. But Republicans won’t disclose any of Kavanaugh’s Staff Secretary documents. They want to keep the American people in the dark about this 3-year period in Kavanaugh’s career where he worked on highly controversial issues. This is a Supreme Court nominee we are talking about. If there are Staff Secretary docs showing Kavanaugh’s involvement in “questions about the rules governing detention of combatants," those docs are directly relevant to the credibility of his sworn testimony in 2006.  That’s why it’s so important to see them. #WhatAreTheyHiding Take note: Republicans are trying to ignore the plain words of what Judge Kavanaugh said under oath in 2006: “I was not involved and am not involved in the questions about the rules governing detention of combatants.” This statement covers his time as WH Staff Secretary. There is a growing recognition that we need to take a serious look at how many of these pills are allowed to flood our markets & streets. We cannot continue to lose 115 Americans each day - more than 42,000 a year - to opioid overdoses. Prevention is critical. That's why I intro'd bill w Sens. Kennedy @ChuckGrassley @SenFeinstein that enhances DEA’s existing opioid quota-setting authority by improving transparency & enabling DEA to adjust quotas to prevent opioid diversion & abuse while ensuring adequate supply for legit medical needs. But our work is not done. Reform of opioid quota laws is needed so DEA can take important factors like diversion & abuse into account when setting quotas, rather than chasing the downstream consequences of this crisis. Today I joined my colleague @SenJohnKennedy in commending the DEA for taking steps—three years in a row—to reduce the number of opioids allowed to be produced in the U.S. by Big Pharma  … Don’t be fooled: Judge Kavanaugh’s record is being scrubbed by a GOP lawyer who was Kavanaugh’s WH Deputy, who is picking & choosing which Kavanaugh docs to share. Not transparent, not objective, & not part of the non-partisan National Archives process. … When President Trump calls the press “fake news" or the “enemy of the people,” it discredits an important part of America’s democracy. It takes a free press to hold politicians of both parties accountable. That’s their job, and it's more important now than ever before. … If Aretha Franklin had used her miraculous voice only to sing, she would have been musical royalty. But Aretha was also a brave champion of racial and social justice.  She earned our undying R.E.S.P.E.C.T. She is immortal. … There are solutions on the table both parties can agree on to fight this scourge - like strengthening DEA and FDA oversight of Big Pharma, promoting responsible prescribing, expanding drug treatment, and supporting our first responders. There’s not a zip code in America that isn’t grappling with the effect of opioids and fentanyl in their communities. I’m working on several bills to tackle this epidemic and address addiction in America. … Here’s the full statement from the National Archives today: … Reminder: the documents Republicans are currently releasing on Judge Kavanaugh are:  1. NOT part of the neutral National Archives process; and   2. Cherry-picked by a former Bush Administration lawyer who worked under Kavanaugh.   Here’s how the National Archives explains it:pic.twitter.com/hNcuxhcQhr Completely unprecedented. How can Republicans say this is a fair, objective, or transparent process before a confirmation hearing for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court? … It’s up to Republicans who control Congress to have the courage to do what’s right for these young immigrants by working with Democrats to finally pass the #DreamAct #ProtectDreamers Being stuck in legal limbo is no way to live. That’s why it remains imperative – as we mark the sixth anniversary of DACA – to continue fighting to give Dreamers a pathway to citizenship and pass the #DreamAct. #Dreamers: you can still renew your DACA application. For more information, visit:  …. #RenewDACA #ProtectDreamers Fortunately, federal court injunctions have temporarily allowed people who previously had DACA to renew their status. The Trump Administration should fully restore DACA instead of refusing to defend it in court. I’ve shared over 100 Dreamer stories on the Senate floor. Despite the contributions #Dreamers are making in our communities, Pres Trump heartlessly ended the #DACA program last year. He broke his promise to them & uses Dreamers as a bargaining chip for an anti-immigrant agenda. Alejandro is a #Dreamer who signed up for Teach For America and is now a teacher – one of 20,000 #DACA recipients who are teachers helping our students succeed. His story:  … Gloria was the 110th #Dreamer whose story I shared on the Senate floor. She’s a medical assistant and studying to be a clinical psychologist. Her story:  … I was there when #Dreamers came to Navy Pier by the thousands to apply for #DACA. They just wanted the chance be a part of America’s future. … 6 years ago, the government began accepting the first applications for the #DACA program, changing the lives of 800,000 young immigrants who could now receive temporary protection from deportation, study, and legally work in the only country they have ever known. #ProtectDreamers #dheditorial Palatine council makes good move to explore banning vaping in public buildings  Happy to sit down with an East St. Louis legend, Jackie Joyner-Kersee, and receive an update on the great work her foundation is doing for kids in the community.pic.twitter.com/GKgHQ7eRdE Instead of tweeting, the President and Congressional Republicans should join Democrats in taking action to help lower prescription drug costs for families, like allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices for seniors. Today I joined doctors and patients at @SIHF_Health to discuss the soaring costs of prescription drugs and what Congress can do to curb price hikes and bring much-needed transparency for patients.pic.twitter.com/QB0D0T0I0D Would #SCOTUS nominee Judge Kavanaugh give a fair shake to #Dreamers and millions of other immigrants punished by the Trump Administration’s cruel and thoughtless policies? Civil and human rights hang in the balance. #WhatsAtStake 99% of Justice Kagan’s White House records were made public before her confirmation hearing. Approximately 1% of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records have been made public, and his hearing is scheduled in a few short weeks. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/9tPBjI3Lme Celebrated the long awaited opening of the 11th Street Extension in Springfield this weekend. This project is a great example of how federal investments in transportation infrastructure allow communities to growpic.twitter.com/pl1k922iBu Attention DACA recipients: If you are eligible, renew your DACA ASAP. Link  … #RenewDACA #ProtectDreamers Illinois colleges and universities interested in applying for the #opentextbook pilot program can view a technical assistance webinar and join live Q&A with Department staff at this link:  … Americans deserve to know Judge Kavanaugh’s true record. But his record is being sanitized by Bill Burck, a Republican lawyer who was Kavanaugh’s WH Deputy and who is now picking and choosing which of Kavanaugh’s documents to share. Not transparent, not objective, not fair. Don’t be fooled: Republicans are only revealing documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s WH tenure that they want you to see. Only 1% of Kavanaugh’s WH records have been made public. This is why we need the neutral National Archives process. #WhatAreTheyHiding … "And what happened to that promise of a big raise for workers? No sign of it yet.” … We will see only a small portion of Kavanaugh's White House documents by the time the hearing happens. Republicans want to keep his record hidden and are going to extraordinary lengths to do so. We still have to ask: #WhatAreTheyHiding ? 2/2 Secretary DeVos just found a new way to hide the disastrous record of for-profit colleges from student victims and taxpayers who subsidize their rotten performance. Anyone surprised? … Today we honor Heather Heyer, Trooper-Pilot Berke Bates, Lt. Jay Cullen, and those who were injured when white supremacists brought hate, bigotry, and violence to Charlottesville one year ago.  Inclusion and love make this nation great, not bigotry and hatred. It’s clear there are things in Judge Kavanaugh’s White House record that Senate Republicans do not want the American people to see. What are they hiding?” These documents may bear directly on the credibility of Judge Kavanaugh’s sworn testimony, not to mention his legal views and temperament.  The American people deserve to know the true story of the man seeking a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land. Senate Republicans want to wrap up Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing before the National Archives releases documents - which Republicans themselves requested - about the work Kavanaugh did in the White House. This is unprecedented and unfair to the American people. I remain deeply troubled by the brutality toward political opposition and the spiral toward dictatorship and collapse in Venezuela. The path forward is to release all political prisoners and hold legitimate elections. … My statement on the Senate Judiciary Committee announcing dates for the Supreme Court confirmation hearing for Judge Brett Kavanaugh:pic.twitter.com/5poIRybHJ8 Congratulations to “Chicago’s very own” Tom Skilling, for 40 years of forecasting. The Windy City wouldn’t be the same without him. #Skilling40 Happy to spend this morning volunteering with my staff and others at @C2CChicago – an org that provides children living in homeless or low-income situations with essential items they need to thrive at home, at school, and at play.pic.twitter.com/MFbjOdhFIe It’s been a month and a half since a judge ordered the Trump Admin to reunite the families it separated. How are there still over 500 kids yet to see their parents? The zero-tolerance policy, and this incompetent attempt to reunite children, is a stain on our great nation. … Our nation protects the freedom of speech as a constitutional right. But we must also unequivocally condemn hate, racism, bigotry, and intolerance wherever it exists. This weekend’s rally is completely antithetical to our values. Making hate mainstream doesn't make America great. … When the President – who criticizes Chicago via tweet – had the chance to bring those in the city fighting an epidemic of gun violence to the table to talk solutions, he chose not to. … I can only imagine what is in the documents they are refusing to disclose. The White House and Senate Republicans must let the American people see Judge Kavanaugh’s full record so that they can assess his views. I have no confidence the partisan GOP document production being led by Judge Kavanaugh’s former deputy will provide full accounting of Kavanaugh’s White House record. But even the cherry-picked docs we've seen include evidence that contradicts his sworn testimony from 12 yrs ago. … Today a federal judge ordered the Trump Administration to bring back a deported mother and daughter who reported fleeing horrific sexual abuse and death threats, yet were hastily removed while their cases were pending. AG Sessions and DHS Sec. Nielsen are doing all they can to make it harder for immigrant victims of domestic violence and gang violence to gain safety. We have to hold this anti-immigrant White House accountable every step of the way. … Exposure to manganese dust can cause serious neurological effects, learning difficulties, and memory loss. I continue to urge the EPA to use its authority to require more facilities to install air monitors to track manganese and other toxic metals. Today I met with residents and community leaders on Chicago’s far Southeast Side to discuss concerns about manganese air pollution in the area and what we can do to protect families from harmful pollutantspic.twitter.com/hr2gr7KHHX The American people have the right to know the full record of the man President Trump has nominated to fill the most important Supreme Court vacancy in a generation. #WhatAreTheyHiding #ReleaseTheRecords And who is Bill Burck, the lawyer Republicans have tasked with screening Judge Kavanaugh’s documents for release? He’s Judge Kavanaugh’s former White House deputy and he represents George W. Bush, Don McGahn, and Steve Bannon. Not objective. The Bill Burck document production is a partisan effort to flood the Judiciary Committee with largely irrelevant documents, like news clippings and mass emails, while withholding controversial documents from Kavanaugh’s record. It’s not credible. Because the National Archives won’t be able to complete its production of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House documents by October, Senate Republicans are getting ready to argue that the partisan Bill Burck document production is good enough to use for a September hearing. It’s not. Take note: Unless it was produced by the National Archives, every document you see from Judge Kavanaugh’s White House tenure was selectively chosen for release by his former deputy, Bill Burck. This is not an objective process. … From day one, the proposed acquisition of the Tribune Media Company by the Sinclair Broadcast Group was not in the interest of the American people. My statement on Tribune withdrawing from the merger:pic.twitter.com/dxRKOroieE “The voice of Congress in the face of ethnic cleansing has been muffled.” Senator McConnell must stop blocking bipartisan efforts to hold those accountable for the horrible violence against the Rohingya. … Republicans think they will be able to get away with hiding Judge Kavanaugh’s White House record from the American people. The stakes are too high to let that happen. #WhatAreTheyHiding #ReleaseTheRecords The people of this nation deserve honesty and transparency in filling this historic vacancy to the Supreme Court, and that is what our request today is aiming to accomplish. … In small towns across our state, fire departments and EMS agencies are a critical lifeline to the health care system. The SIREN Act would provide federal funding to help rural EMS agencies train and recruit staff, purchase equipment, and more:  … Joined local fire and emergency response leaders in Flanagan today to discuss my bipartisan legislation that would support rural EMS agencies in confronting the opioid epidemic and evolving rural health care challengespic.twitter.com/PvPpPO6Acj This afternoon I visited the Olmsted Lock and Dam – one of Illinois’ busiest inland water systems for commercial navigation. Proud to have helped secure federal funding for this project, which is critical to the flow of local commerce.pic.twitter.com/wZ93CXEzvG This process is opaque, partisan, and unacceptable for a lifetime position on the highest court in the land. We have to ask: What are Republicans trying to hide? I continue to urge HUD to quickly implement the recommendations made in the Inspector General's report to improve oversight and administration of public housing authorities. No one should have their access to safe and healthy housing threatened as a result of HUD’s inaction. Today I sat down with local leaders and community members impacted by the public housing crisis in Cairo to hear their stories and discuss HUD’s response to the crisis.pic.twitter.com/tKorfQvRGI AFTERNOON READ: As other countries’ rates of maternal death decline, the U.S. is experiencing an alarming rise in maternal mortality. @chicagotribune takes a look at what is being done to understand this epidemic in Illinois. … Hey @SenSchumer, you hear that? Looks like the #USPizzaMuseum is in its rightful place … Fifty-three years after passage of the Voting Rights Act, racial discrimination in voting persists. Lawmakers must #RestoreTheVRA and work to modernize our democracy ASAP. #VRA53pic.twitter.com/RO7OQjyB67 .@HeidiStevens13 wants to reconcile her love for Chicago with its heartbreaking violence.  "I don’t know how to fix this city. ... But to give up loving this city would be to give up the search for that solution, that answer, that path toward healing."  The Saudi government must release Samar Badawi, Raif Badawi, Waleed Abu al-Khair, and others held on trumped up charges without delay. It's alarming to hear about the Saudi government’s latest crackdown on peaceful activists. I have long called for the release of journalists like Raif Badawi, and human rights defenders like Waleed Abu al-Khair. … My heart breaks for those who are victimized and traumatized by the daily toll of gun violence. This is a public health crisis. Congress must act and can start by prioritizing additional resources to address this crisis. … President Trump describes himself as a “stable genius” and then mocks the intelligence of LeBron James. Thanks to CNN interviewer Don Lemon who reminds us LeBron is building classrooms while the President is building detention centers. This long time Michael Jordan fan says hats off to LeBron James for his new Akron school for at-risk kids. Inspiring move from one of our country’s great athletes. Harpreet Singh Saini, the son of one of the victims of the shooting, spoke to the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2012. Watch his powerful testimony here: … Today marks 6 years since the deadly shooting at the gurdwara in Oak Creek, WI. This was a wretched act of hate and terrorism against the Sikh community, and we remember those we lost that day. It's a stark reminder to forcefully condemn hate wherever it exists The Trump Administration should be pointing the finger at themselves. They created this humanitarian disaster, and it’s their responsibility to solve it by reuniting the kids who were forcibly separated from their parents at the border. … In other words: President Trump unlawfully terminated #DACA last year, placing the futures of 800,000 #Dreamers at risk. He should restore it immediately. #DreamActNow Federal judge, appointed by Pres. George W. Bush, ruled that the Trump Admin’s justification for terminating #DACA was “conclusory” and “accompanied by a hodgepodge of illogical or post hoc policy assertions.” … This is why it’s so important to have non-partisan professionals at the National Archives review and make public the records of Supreme Court nominees before any hearing. The American people deserve fairness and transparency, not a partisan hack job of hiding key documents. The only WH documents Republicans want revealed before Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing are documents that have been pre-screened & hand-picked by his former deputy, who is also Steve Bannon’s and Don McGahn’s lawyer. You can’t make this up. #WhatAreTheyHiding … Wishing a happy birthday to my friend @BarackObamapic.twitter.com/1XVEl0mb3e Nearly 600. This is completely unacceptable. I won’t rest until the Trump Administration reunites every child who was forcibly separated and is held responsible for this zero-tolerance humanitarian disaster. … Why are Republicans working so hard to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records as WH Staff Secretary?   Kavanaugh touted that job as “formative” to who he is as a judge.  What are they hiding?  #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/E6McTF7Sjf Republicans are doing all they can to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records as White House Staff Secretary. Kavanaugh touted that job as “formative” to who he is as a judge. What are they hiding? #WhatsAtStake #ReleaseTheRecords President Trump and Congressional Republicans padded the pockets of Big Pharma with their tax bill. What are they doing about holding Big Pharma accountable for skyrocketing drug costs that are hurting middle class families? American patients deserve lower costs too. … When we call the press “fake news" or tell people not to pay attention to them, it discredits an important part of America’s democracy. It takes a free press to hold politicians of both parties accountable. That’s their job, and it's more important now than ever before. … .@SenAngusKing, @SenTinaSmith, and I are urging @usedgov to take additional steps to ensure the federal #opentextbooks pilot program is most effective in achieving savings for students:pic.twitter.com/vdmO0hzgkr BREAKING: The National Archives won't complete its production of even the limited number of Brett Kavanaugh's records Republicans requested until OCTOBER. Republicans are trying to hide Kavanaugh's record from the American people by rushing his nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords A major step in the wrong direction. … The American people got to see 99% of Justice Kagan’s White House records before her Supreme Court hearing. What percentage of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records will Republicans allow the American people to see before his hearing? Half? A third?pic.twitter.com/cJ9FlzDXgG  … It’s false to say that previous administrations had a policy of intentionally separating children from their parents. This policy began in April when AG Sessions ordered zero-tolerance. It started as a bright idea in the Trump White House and ended up being a disaster. The Department of Education urging a school to misrepresent its accreditation status to students would be scandalous. If true, this would represent a new level of betrayal of students by Sec. DeVos and her #4profit college cronies at the Department. … Trump Admin officials told us this week that giving them the authority to indefinitely detain parents & kids together would help solve the crisis at the border they created. Locking up children in detention facilities isn’t a solution, it’s just more cruelty by this White House. The zero-tolerance immigration policy has been an unmitigated disaster from start to finish. The Trump Administration never kept sufficient records for the kids they forcibly separated from their parents, and seemingly had no intention to reunite them. Inexcusable. What is the Trump Administration doing to reunite the 711 “lost” children with their parents, who were forcibly removed from their mothers & fathers at the border? We cannot rest until every child is safely back in their parents’ arms. The White House & Senate Republicans have decided to close the door on documents from a 3 year period of Judge Kavanaugh’s life when he was Bush White House Staff Secretary. What are they trying to hide? The public deserves to know what’s in those documents. #ReleaseTheRecords Justice Kagan produced 99 percent of documents from her time in the White House. Judge Kavanaugh also deserves the same level of scrutiny for such a historic nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords As we consider the Kavanaugh nomination – a nominee the public knows little about – we should follow the same standards of disclosure that nominees of Democratic presidents were held to. It’s about transparency and fairness. #ReleaseTheRecords With fewer than 100 days to go until the midterms, the evidence continues to pile up that America’s electoral system remains a hot target for hackers.   It’s no mystery why Russia and other bad actors would assume they could get away with such incursions.  pic.twitter.com/fGcFLU0spS Amidst the world’s worst refugee crisis, this anti-immigrant White House's response to those in need is a cold shoulder. Heartless. … Sen. Dick Durbin says the Trump White House has no one in charge of combating Russian election interference.  “The president has never taken it seriously," Durbin tells @rickklein & @maryaliceparks on ABC News' Powerhouse Politics podcast.   Listen:  pic.twitter.com/BbhKnZCUQd As DNI Coats said, the warning lights are blinking red again. Why did Senate Republicans turn down this help for states to prepare for future election attacks? Republican leadership has not taken this threat seriously – not in 2016 and not today. … We wish to thank Senators @SenatorDurbin @SenShelby @SenJackReed for today's important & timely discussion reconfirming US commitment to #NATO and ways to resist Russian aggression. The bipartisan support of the US #Senate is deeply appreciated. @AmbWilczek @PolandMFApic.twitter.com/5dJ2lKnV5g We applaud @SenatorDurbin and @lisamurkowski for introducing the SAFE Kids Act, legislation that curbs the use of flavors in tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes and cigars. … Hosted a group of bipartisan senators, NATO allies, and non-NATO partners this morning to reaffirm our collective security and need to stand against Russian cyberattacks, propaganda, and military intimidation.pic.twitter.com/AyF1cqNkBz The civil rights titan Ida B. Wells gets her rightful place in the Chicago landscape.  pic.twitter.com/FYHCWL0fgv I’ve been pressing Judiciary Committee Chairman Grassley to request documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s time as Bush White House Staff Secretary. RT if you agree. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/jaoU0rQT6B These plans amount to junk and will hurt people with pre-existing conditions, older Americans, and anyone who actually needs health care. The Trump Administration is, once again, sabotaging our health care system with these plans. … Medical experts have told us that an ICE detention center is no place for a child. DHS’ own medical consultants say family detention poses a “high risk of harm to children and their families.”    It’s not “summer camp.” … Trump Administration ignored warnings from their agency’s own public health experts that separating a child from his or her parent would cause trauma.   Inexcusable, and nothing short of gross negligence. … Met Vice Chairman Tenakhongva of the Hopi Tribe to discuss the protection of public lands from harmful drilling and mining operations. We must continue to protect these historic lands, which hold cultural significance to the Hopi Tribe and our country’s history.pic.twitter.com/NN8QpwLIN3 Give me a break. This is a legally questionable giveaway to the super rich, pure and simple. … The Trump Administration should own up to its cruel decision to forcibly separate children at the border, and the humanitarian disaster that ensued in its aftermath. There is no one else to blame for this chaos.pic.twitter.com/7jHTJ9JgVA The Trump Admin’s child separation policy is more than a bureaucratic lapse in judgment. It is – and was – a cruel policy inconsistent with the bedrock values of this nation. We can have border security without bullying. We can be safe without treating toddlers as terrorists. On Secretary Nielsen's watch, nearly 2,700 children have been separated from their parents & more than 700 children still have not been reunited with their families – including over 400 whose parents were apparently deported & more than 90 whose parents cannot be located at all. … My opening statement from today’s Judiciary Committee hearing on the Administration’s zero-tolerance child separation policy, where I called on Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen to step down for her role in this humanitarian disaster: … Joined my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Committee to officially request all of Judge Kavanaugh’s documents from the National Archives. Republicans did the same for Justice Kagan, and Judge Kavanaugh should be held to the same standard. #ReleaseTheRecords … In Judiciary hearing where I’ll question Administration on heartbreaking policy to separate kids from parents. Will ask about families like mom I met at border fleeing abusive husband in Honduras separated from her 10-year-old for a month.  She thought she lost her son forever. In the name of the 711 lost children, the families that have been "deleted" by her agency, and common decency, I'm calling on Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, the architect of this humanitarian disaster, to step down. “Government-sanctioned child abuse.” That’s what the American Academy of Pediatrics called President Trump’s zero tolerance child separation policy, and this story shows why. It’s heartbreaking. … Congress & the American people deserve answers about the Trump Admin’s decision to implement this cruel policy, their incompetency in tracking separated families, & what’s going to happen to 711 “deleted” kids. Hearing starts at 10am ET, watch live here: … Catch me on CNN @NewDay this morning at 8:30am ET. Tune in. This story highlights the importance of the bill I will introduce with @lisamurkowski this week. It’s time to crack down on e-cig companies like JUUL who are clearly more interested in hooking kids to their dangerous products than helping adults quit smoking, like they claim. … How many policies to lower drug prices are supported by Pres Trump, HHS, FDA, @AARP, @AmerMedicalAssn, & 76% of Americans? So far, just my amendment w @ChuckGrassley. It would lower Rx drug costs by requiring Big Pharma to disclose the price of their drugs in ads. RT if you agree Medicare has been the health care security blanket for so many seniors. As this essential program turns 53 today, it’s a reminder that we have to be vigilant in protecting it for years to come. #Medicare53 These products, especially flavors that shamelessly appeal to kids, are doing more harm than good. It’s time to hold this industry accountable for their marketing tactics on our kids. E-cigarettes represent the "re-invention of smoking" cooked up by Big Tobacco. Fewer and fewer kids are smoking cigarettes, threatening Big Tobacco’s pocketbook, so they’ve had to develop new kid-friendly flavors to addict our kids on their nicotine products. Our bill is simple: it makes tobacco companies prove that their kid-friendly e-cig flavorings 1) help adults quit smoking; 2) don’t cause kids to start smoking; and 3) don’t harm the user. It’s that simple. … I'll be introducing a bipartisan bill this week with @lisamurkowski to crack down on kid-friendly cigar & e-cigarette flavors. If gummy bear and cotton candy flavored nicotine really help adult smokers quit, then the e-cigarette industry should have to prove it.pic.twitter.com/G9dSQXZOzQ I urge the Department to use experts in open educational resources to review applications to award the maximum number of grants that will have the maximum impact on savings for students. I helped create this program because textbook costs are a barrier to success in higher education for students. Up to 65% of students choose not to even buy them. Open textbooks can help change that. Good news: Illinois' colleges and universities can start applying for federal funds for open textbook projects to help save students money. … .@ChuckGrassley & @SenatorDurbin offering amendments to #minibus that would give @US_FDA authority to require #drugprices in DTC ads & appropriate $1m to fund implementation by @US_FDA  … Medicaid is under increasing attack by the Trump Administration and congressional Republicans. Gutting this program would be absolutely devastating to the most vulnerable in our country and cripple our fight against the opioid epidemic. I’ll fight tooth and nail to protect it. #Medicaid turns 53 today. Millions of Illinoisans and Americans rely on this program as a life line for critical health care services – especially children, mothers, and people with disabilities. #MedicaidWorkspic.twitter.com/vTVTnaaA5t An important reason why the Senate Judiciary Committee must see Kavanaugh’s Staff Secretary documents from the Bush White House before we hold a hearing on his nomination … A combination of cruelty and incompetence by the Trump Administration brought us to this day. Now they must reunite the 711 “deleted” children still separated from their parents. We will not rest until they do. … The world hoped for a better outcome so the corruption and crackdown on basic human rights would end. I urge my colleagues to pass the Cambodia Accountability and Return on Investment Act to start holding this corrupt regime to account. .@hunsencambodia and his thugs threatening the voters of #Cambodia does not make a free and fair election.  … Thanks to everyone who joined me in Sugar Grove and asked thoughtful questions at my town hall this morningpic.twitter.com/DJL3AQlTsC Today I’m holding a town hall in Sugar Grove to discuss health care and other issues. You can tune in at 10am CST here:  My statement on Republican refusal to request critical Kavanaugh documents:pic.twitter.com/hdW0IMn93N As Cairo public housing residents faced uninhabitable conditions, HUD sat on its hands. More from @TheSouthern: … HUD must implement the recommendations made in the Inspector General's report to improve its oversight of public housing authorities. No one should ever be subjected to the unthinkable living conditions Cairo residents have experienced.pic.twitter.com/ee6QT5zDef Allowing criminals and terrorists to have access to 3D firearm blueprints is incredibly irresponsible. I’m urging the Trump Administration to reconsider its dangerous decision. … Those who ignore the lessons of history are doomed to repeat it. The Trump-DeVos Department of Education is inviting a new wave of for-profit college fraud on students and taxpayers. … AFTERNOON READ: Why Illinois’ economy and farmers will continue to suffer under the President’s reckless and scorched Earth trade war: … Joined @AmyKlobuchar, @SenSchumer, @SenFeinstein, and @ChrisVanHollen in urging the NSC to hold Russia accountable & provide states the support they need to defend against attacks this year.pic.twitter.com/LB8CERH0bX This weekend marks 100 days until the midterm elections, yet we haven’t properly held Russia accountable for its 2016 attack & efforts to interfere this year. The National Security Council has to send a strong message today when they meet. I met with Jyotsna, Grace, Tyler, and Dylan who are representing Illinois with @ALAforVeterans Girls Nation and @ALBoysNation. A great program helping shape future leaders.pic.twitter.com/Di4TKXZfJx One in three children who were forcibly removed from their parents arms remain separated today. The United States of America is a caring and compassionate nation, but this humanitarian disaster created by our President has tarnished our reputation around the world. … This confirms what we've been saying for some time. The Russians are actively intervening in the 2018 election. Forget the politics. We don't have a government-wide strategy for dealing with this, and that needs to change now. … Dream Center’s Argosy University is facing concerns from accreditor, @wascsenior, as the company closes 30 Art Institutes, Argosy, and South U. campuses across the country  … If you’re in the Kane County area, please join me for a town hall this Saturday morning in Sugar Grove to discuss health care and other issues. RSVP here:  Yesterday, @SenatorDurbin gave me a copy of this resolution, stating the sense of the Senate that diplomats, soldiers, and other USG officials should never be made available for interrogation by Putin and his government. The resolution passed, 98-0.pic.twitter.com/vKudHLTsvI How can Bolton call this a witch hunt & credibly lead the NSC on election security? Especially when 25 Russians & 3 Russian companies have been indicted?  The President has done more to target Bob Mueller than he has to go after Vladimir Putin. We must protect the Special Counsel … I’m urging the Department of Justice Inspector General to investigate DOJ’s role in President Trump’s cruel & immoral “zero-tolerance” immigration policy that has separated thousands of families. AG Sessions must be held accountable for his key role in this humanitarian crisis.pic.twitter.com/vHoOWAdYKs I will continue to fight to protect these fundamental civil rights in the #ADA that have helped people with disabilities live their lives independently. Today is the 28th anniversary of the passage of the Americans With Disabilities Act. This historic bill prevents discrimination towards people with disabilities and protects their basic civil and human rights. #ADA28.pic.twitter.com/4eetwGQ1sP POST EDITORIAL: Reunifying the families Trump tore asunder will take a long, long time … The House Republican effort to impeach Rod Rosenstein is a political stunt, going nowhere. But it is proof positive that there are GOP loyalists determined to stop the Mueller investigation at every step of the way. #OTD a year ago, President Trump impulsively tweeted a ban on our transgender troops. If you're skilled enough to qualify, you should be allowed to serve, period. I’m proud to stand with @HRC & @LambdaLegal in a #TransBanTweetUp to always #ProtectTransTroops. Even as we mark the court ordered deadline, hundreds of children who the Trump Administration forcibly separated from their parents are still not reunited with their families. What an outrage - I will keep fighting until every child is reunited with their parent. Illinois farmers won’t be fooled by President Trump’s soybean negotiation with the EU, which doesn’t fix the President’s scorched earth trade war. Farmers want all of their export markets back, not just a small fraction of them. … The new doctrine for the Trump-DeVos Department of Education is “Student Borrower Beware”   It’s not personal responsibility, it’s government complicity in the illegal and predatory practices of the for-profit college industry. … #TBT In the late 1980s, there was talk of replacing wooden baseball bats with aluminum bats, until one congressman from Springfield took a stand.  … Joining @CNNnewsroom soon - tune in. One more reason why Majority Leader McConnell should call a vote on the bipartisan Senate bill that would protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. … The DETER Act would make “improper interference in U.S. elections” a ground of inadmissibility under U.S. immigration law. Violators would be barred from obtaining a visa to enter the United States. According to the indictment, these Russians “falsely claimed they were traveling for personal reasons.” They traveled across America to collect intelligence for the Internet Research Agency’s operations, which included waging “information warfare” against the 2016 election. Russians traveled to the United States with the explicit purpose to learn more about American political & electoral processes & how they could interfere. One of Mueller's indictments describes how these Russians gathered intelligence during a three-week trip in June 2014. I’ve introduced a bill with @LindseyGrahamSC that would prevent foreign nationals from exploiting our immigration laws to undermine our democracy – activities revealed by Special Counsel Mueller.  … Sat down with Former Ambassador @McFaul today with a dozen other senators. We’ll never let this Administration put any American who has served our country at risk of an autocrat such as Vladimir Putin.pic.twitter.com/IA6C9t3PB9 It's a sure bet that Ida B. Wells will bring more smiles to people's faces than Congress.   I'm looking forward to passing by the new Ida B. Wells Drive soon and glad the city is honoring such a ground breaking American icon. … I want to thank @PattyMurray and @SenAlexander for working with me to advance this important bill. Increasing federal research, data collection, and awareness will improve health – looking forward to a full Senate vote on this. Glad the HELP committee approved my Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act today. This a big step forward for millions of children and adults who are living with a CHD.  … Joining @RepGutierrez @RepYvetteClarke @RepJudyChu @NormaJTorres and @JoaquinCastrotx soon to hold the Trump Administration accountable for it's disastrous efforts to reunite separated children with their parents. Watch here:  … Soybean farmers in Illinois tell me that since the start of the president’s trade war, they’ve seen their crop value drop by 20 percent. Declaring a trade war on the world, instead of the truly bad actors, leaves a lot of collateral damage. Bailouts, tweets, and bragging won’t save the lost crop value for our farmers and won’t protect their reputations around the world as reliable sellers. The president’s scorched earth trade war has put a lot at stake for Illinois and our rural economy. … Let me be just as clear. I will keep fighting until every child is reunited with their parent & I will do everything in my power to stop a bill that would authorize the Trump Administration to throw migrant children in jail and throw away the key. It is immoral and un-American. The Administration’s goal is clear – in the midst of the world’s worst refugee crisis, they want to make the situation for families fleeing persecution as painful as possible – in order to deter them from seeking safe haven in our country. The Trump Administration claims they are concerned about what they call “catch and release.” But there are alternatives to family detention that are secure, more humane, and use less taxpayer dollars. Experts tell us that jail is no place for children, and that even short term detention can do permanent damage to a child’s health and wellbeing. Because of the backlash, the Trump Administration is no longer separating families. Instead, they want to jail them indefinitely. And the Administration has 37 children in custody who have, “not yet been matched” to their parent. In other words, the government has lost track of the parents of 37 children. This is an outrage. More than half – 463 – have parents who are, “not in the U.S.” – apparently because they have been deported by this Administration. What about the other 917 children? My office has heard from attorneys who are representing some of these children and they have not been given any explanation for why they are not eligible to be reunited with their parents. The Trump Administration has identified 2,551 children between the ages of 5 and 17 who were separated from their parents. Of these children, the Administration claims that only 1,634 are “possibly eligible” for reunification. This Thursday is the deadline for reuniting thousands of other children with their families. Here is what we know as of last night: The court deadline for reuniting 103 children under the age of five was two weeks ago. Only four were reunited with their parents before the deadline. Even now, two weeks later, the Administration has reunited only 58 of these 103 children. It’s still not clear to what extent Brian Benczkowski – who represented Russian Alfa Bank – will be recused from Russia related matters as the head of DOJ’s Criminal Division. I’m once again demanding answers: … Amid President Trump's deeply troubling mix of lies, and his naïve & dangerous cozying up to foreign dictators who want to weaken our nation & democracy, where are today’s Republicans who are willing to stand up to him? We urge our colleagues to support this amendment. It can’t wait because Russia isn’t waiting. Republicans need to speak up loud and clear, with Democrats, that we won’t let a foreign power interfere in our elections ever again. This was an important first step. But more must be done. That’s why I support @SenatorLeahy & @amyklobuchar’s amendment to the appropriations bill we are considering this week. The amendment would offer an additional $250 million in election security grants for states. Earlier this year, we finally came together on a bipartisan basis to provide $380 million in the FY18 omnibus spending bill for states to modernize and secure their election systems. It’s imperative that we make a serious effort to secure our elections in the face of Russian interference and cyber threats. President Trump may not want to believe it, but the threat is real and demands American resolve. Senate just passed my amendment with @SenatorWicker 99-0 that will provide an audit of Amtrak on-time performance (OTP). Bad OTP threatens Amtrak's long term financial viability, and this audit will provide data that can help us improve passenger rail service.pic.twitter.com/fyqQf9Xms4 Joining my Senate and House colleagues today in remembering fallen U.S. Capitol Police Officer Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson, who were lost in the line of duty 20 years ago. We are forever thankful for their service and sacrifice. I joined @SenatorMenendez @SenTedCruz & others last week to introduce legislation condemning President Ortega’s & Nicaraguan security officials’ actions & called on them to commit to early elections & a peaceful resolution of Nicaragua’s political crisis.  … It is long overdue for Latin American autocrats like President Ortega to stop enriching themselves and their inner circle of corrupt enablers on the backs of their people and instead restore democratic norms. … My @nytimes op-ed: Judge Kavanaugh was involved in some of the most politically charged moments of our recent history. Republicans must live up to the bipartisan standard of transparency set by then-Sen Sessions and me, and demand to see his FULL record.  If he really wants to lower Rx drug costs, the president should let Medicare negotiate drug prices and help support my bill to require companies to list the prices of drugs in TV ads. In reality, his plan is to tweet. The President also gave Big Pharma companies a $40 billion tax break last year, while they continue to jack up drug prices. … In this 2016 article, Judge Kavanaugh is quoted saying about a Bush Admin proposal that he's “a little biased on this because I helped work on it.”  This is why we need access to documents on everything he worked on at the Bush White House. #CourtsMatter … The Trump Administration has gone to serious lengths to deliberately diminish the benefits of our national monuments, threatening our culture, history, and heritage in favor of big business interests. … Funny—research actually shows the opposite is true.    … … Instead of tweeting, there are several initiatives the President should support to reduce prescription drug costs for families, including requiring companies to list the price of drugs in television ads and allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices.  … As Americans continue to be squeezed at the pharmacy counter, the President and congressional Republicans gave Big Pharma companies a $40 billion tax break last year. Today I joined doctors and advocates at @PresenceHealth to discuss the skyrocketing costs of prescription drugs and what Congress can do to curb price hikes and bring much-needed transparency to price settingpic.twitter.com/1ZHAcfeOVX As of today, close to 2,000 children remain separated from their parents as a result of the Trump Administration’s zero tolerance policy. This is an outrage.  It’s a toxic mix of cruelty and incompetence. Mr. President, stop spreading conspiracies in our democracy. Instead, you must focus on coming clean on what happened in your private meeting with Putin at #helsinkisummit and interviewing with Special Counsel Mueller.   What secret deals did you make?#ruleoflaw … Great work yesterday by the Illinois State Dental Society in Springfield at their Mission of Mercy event, where more than 1,000 volunteer dentists, hygienists, assistants, and dental students provided free dental care to patients who lack access.pic.twitter.com/XQo1mWlsss Weakening requirements for coal ash is a major step backwards. I’ll fight as long as the EPA continues to roll back protections like these, which keep our communities clean and safe to live in … Extending a Windy City welcome to all the athletes & families from around the world who are in Chicago, the birthplace of @SpecialOlympics, this weekend for #SpecialOlympics50. Congrats to everyone who helped make these games possible #InclusionRevolution … Thanks @ILAttyGeneral Madigan for working to protect Illinois students from predatory student loan services … The SEC’s slap on the wrist won't deter other shady #4profit colleges for engaging in predatory practices. My letter to the SEC with @SenWarren, @SenSherrodBrown, and @SenBlumenthalpic.twitter.com/78mD11lcrT #4profit college ITT Tech Chief Officer Kevin Modany made $36 million while defrauding students, taxpayers, and investors. The SEC fined him $200,000. Sound fair? My heart goes out to the people of Branson, MO, and the friends and family of those we’ve lost in this tragic accident. … I’m glad Pres. Trump commuted Ms. Johnson’s sentence. Now he should support my bipartisan sentencing reform bill w/ @ChuckGrassley which would repeal mandatory minimums that leave thousands more serving life sentences for nonviolent drug offenses #cjreform … That’s why I’ve joined with my Democratic colleagues to demand a vote that would allow the Senate Legal Counsel to defend the ACA in the administration’s glaring and disappointing absence. … This case will determine whether tens of millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions can be discriminated against - like the old days when insurers would deny coverage, impose annual/lifetime limits on benefits, and charge women more than men for insurance. President Trump & Congressional Republicans are doing their best to sabotage the American health care system & Affordable Care Act. The Department of Justice’s decision not to stand up for people with pre-existing conditions in Texas vs. US is another cynical step in that effort. Let’s not hide the ball, this goes to fundamental questions of transparency and accuracy. More from my remarks to Judiciary Committee members this morning:  … The Senate deserves to see every document related to his time in the Bush White House – the same precedent Elena Kagan was held to by the Judiciary Committee for documents related to her time in the Clinton White House. Documents pertaining to his time in the Bush White House bear a direct relevancy to a sworn statement he made under oath that has now been disputed. Judge Kavanaugh never replied to a letter I sent him 11 years ago about a misleading answer he gave during Congressional testimony on his involvement in questions about the rules governing detention of combatants during the Bush Administration. This passed 98-0, just as it should. We should never need to pass a resolution reaffirming our commitment to protect U.S. ambassadors from questioning by foreign governments, but this President’s pursuit of Putin's agenda made it necessary. … Bounds wrote articles that his own county bar association described as “racist, misogynistic, homophobic and disparaging of survivors of sexual assault and abuse.”  He then failed to disclose these articles to Oregon’s judicial selection committee. Ryan Bounds never deserved a seat on the federal bench. I’m glad his judicial nomination was just withdrawn. It's up to Speaker Ryan to do the right thing and call up the #NetNeutrality resolution in the House so we can finally restore the rules that protect a free and open internet #SaveTheInternet. Access to a free and open internet means increased opportunities for growth and innovation. That’s why #NetNeutrality is absolutely critical for small businesses throughout America. I joined @SenSchumer, @SenatorMenendez, and @brianschatz to introduce a resolution today that would make it clear that Congress would object to any U.S. ambassador or official, past or present, being made available for questioning by Putin's government.pic.twitter.com/tu5E4Klapk If it happens, this American president will once again be helping further the policies of a former communist KGB official against American interests. President Trump must stop doing Putin’s bidding. President Trump is now considering allowing Russian investigators to question the former U.S. Ambassador to Russia. That is simply unacceptable and beyond the pale. … Thank you @RepRobinKelly for joining @SenDuckworth and I this morning for our monthly Illinois Constituent Coffee. It was great to see so many Illinoisans in DC.pic.twitter.com/73FQ6kuerF Over the past two weeks, President Trump upended longstanding alliances across the world and embraced a tyrant in Russia. It's almost unthinkable that the Senate has had to spend time to reaffirm those commitments and condemn an adversary.pic.twitter.com/k8tGcavyqz I’ll be joining the panel on @Morning_Joe soon. Tune in. Outrageous that Russian prosecutors would seek to question a former US ambassador. We've heard nothing from the administration on this. Trump is more inclined to take Putin at his word than support Americans who've served our country honorably & with distinction. This must stop. … It starts by holding e-cigarrette companies accountable, restricting their use of clearly kid-friendly flavors - like gummy bear and tutti frutti - and educating our children early on about the dangers of using these vaping products. Teen use of e-cigarettes has skyrocketed in recent years, due to products like JUUL, and Congress has to be aggressive in ensuring our kids aren’t falling into the traps that can lead to a lifetime of addiction and disease. I’d like to thank @AACR for inviting me to speak at their conference and for their work on preventing tobacco addiction, especially the harm posed by e-cigarettes to our kids.pic.twitter.com/4ApcoieoDf My Republican colleagues are simply rubber-stamping President Trump’s nominees for life despite so many of them being extreme. The fact that they moved forward this week with these two nominations is a troubling sign for how they'll handle the Supreme Court vacancy. This is not a close call. The Senate should not move forward with Mr. Bounds’ nomination. It is hard to believe Senate Republicans would abandon the century-old blue slip tradition for the sake of this nominee. Not only did Mr. Bounds publish these writings, but he chose not to share his writings with Oregon’s judicial selection committee - even though the committee had asked him to disclose any potentially controversial materials. The statement went on to say that the association “strongly disavows the views expressed in those articles as racist, misogynistic, homophobic and disparaging of survivors of sexual assault and abuse.” The Multnomah Bar Association said Bounds’ writings “express insensitive, intolerant, and disdaining views toward racial and ethnic minorities, campus sexual assault victims, and the LGBTQ community.”  … Mr. Bounds has written and published articles that should disqualify him from consideration for a federal judgeship. Consider how a county bar association that Mr. Bounds has belonged to for 12 years described his articles after they were revealed. By ignoring the objections of home state senators, Republicans are diminishing the voice that home-state constituents have, through their senators, in the process of selecting judges in their states. This precedent could affect every state. Now Republicans are looking to rubber-stamp Ryan Bounds to be a federal circuit judge sitting in Oregon. Bounds has received zero blue slips; his nomination is strongly opposed by both of Oregon’s senators. Mr. Oldham’s views are outside the judicial mainstream and show an extreme ideological agenda. That’s clear from his writings and own words. He has also called the Supreme Court “the most dangerous branch” and told the Federalist Society that there are “particular things that I think are illegitimate in the way that we conduct modern American law.” In his confirmation hearing, Mr. Oldham refused to say that the landmark #SCOTUS case Brown v. Board of Education was correctly decided. He also refused to say whether he agreed that voter discrimination still exists in the United States. Senate Republicans just rubber-stamped another extreme, Federalist Society-approved judicial nominee to the federal appellate bench: 39-year-old Andrew Oldham Judge Kavanaugh must also answer whether he would support the existing special counsel investigation into Russia’s attack on our democracy. His record shows serious cause for concern. When a right-wing think tank asked Judge Kavanaugh about his views on overturning Supreme Court cases, he answered the question. He needs to answer the Senate’s questions too. … The nation is wondering what exactly President Trump discussed with Vladimir Putin behind closed doors and what promises he may have made. My colleagues and I want answers, and we hope the President will share. Our letter:pic.twitter.com/9dB4qCpneZ I met with Sanaa and Enrique, Illinois student ambassadors of @DtWTChallenge, yesterday during their annual visit to DC. The Do The Write Thing Challenge is a great national initiative aimed to prevent youth violence through classroom discussions and writing.pic.twitter.com/sLs9ptbQLA He’s still in denial. … Law enforcement leaders support my bipartisan sentencing reform bill because they know long, mandatory sentences for non-violent drug offenses make us less safe and that we can’t incarcerate our way out of this drug epidemic. … #DarkMoney just got a little bit darker -  Section 501(c)4 "social-welfare” groups no longer have to tell the IRS who gave them donations. … Illinoisans in DC: You can join @SenDuckworth and I this Thursday for our monthly Illinois Constituent Coffee with special guest @RepRobinKelly. For details, call my office at 202-224-2152. The proposed merger poses a threat to localism and diversity, and would reduce competition in Illinois. @SenDuckworth and I hope the Commission will protect the public interest by blocking this merger once and for all. … Why would an American President be bowing and scraping to a Russian tyrant? This disastrous meeting in Helsinki must be fully explained to the American people & Congress. We deserve to know what happened in President Trump’s one-on-one meeting with Putin behind closed doors.pic.twitter.com/SReHu7VLyj Today is 4th anniversary of downing of MH17 over Ukraine by Russian forces, resulting in more than 300 deaths. Another stark reminder that Putin is not our friend, he’s an adversary hell bent on disrupting world order. Trump should wake up to that reality & truly put America 1st. The Administration even had the gall to tell us today that “nothing went wrong” with the family separations. When will the Republicans who control Congress hold the Administration accountable for this cruelty and incompetence? It’s no wonder the judge overseeing the case said “HHS either does not understand the Court’s orders or is acting in defiance of them.” The flowchart calls the separated children “UAC” - which means unaccompanied alien children. But they’re only unaccompanied because the Administration separated them from their parents! The Administration gave us a copy of this convoluted flowchart that apparently is being used to determine whether to reunite children with their parents and seems designed NOT to reunite families.pic.twitter.com/l08FaVU6xg But the Administration couldn’t (or wouldn’t) tell us how many families are detained and wouldn’t give us a copy of the waiver form they signed. The Administration told us that some parents have waived their children’s rights to be held in a facility that has a state child-welfare license and to be released after 20 days. These families are now being held in DHS detention centers. We were told the government has identified at least 180 parents who have been deported without being united with their children. The Administration said some of the 180 agreed to be deported but couldn’t (or wouldn’t) say how many. I still haven’t received answers to dozens of questions I sent the Administration weeks ago after another private closed-door briefing I attended. Today Administration officials still couldn’t answer many basic questions about family reunification. This is not how Congressional oversight is supposed to work. The American people have a right to know what is being done in their name. So I’m going to share some of what I learned. .@SenateDems asked for a public Judiciary Committee hearing on Trump’s cruel and immoral family separations with Administration witnesses testifying under oath. Instead, today we received a short private briefing that was closed to the press and public. I spoke on the Senate floor this morning about President Trump's appalling performance yesterday in Helsinki. Watch it here:  … Enough is enough. I urge my Republican colleagues here in the Senate, speak up. Put country before party and certainly before Putin. Instead of condemning President Trump and supporting the Special Counsel’s efforts to get to the bottom of Russian election meddling, many Congressional Republicans are actively working to undermine the investigation. We should all agree that our country comes before party. So then why do most of my Republican colleagues remain silent on the President's performance yesterday? We have an American President who seems utterly incapable of saying the obvious to Vladimir Putin. He’s still in denial this morning. … My full statement on President Trump's Helsinki press conference:pic.twitter.com/On846iCrWU Question to Republican leaders: Will you stand with John McCain’s clear condemnation of President Trump’s Helsinki performance? The President’s non-stop preening over his 2016 election victory shows clearly that his ego is more important to him than standing up for America. President Trump’s performance in Helsinki was appalling. By ignoring the evidence of Russian interference in our 2016 election, President Trump joined Vladimir Putin in blaming America for the charges and throwing our intelligence and justice officials under the bus. The proposed Sinclair-Tribune merger is bad news for the country, Illinois, and Chicago. Sinclair's proposal relies on sham legal loopholes to skirt media ownership limits. I urged the FCC to give this proposed merger careful consideration, and I’m glad they heeded my warning. … This Mueller investigation, which the President calls a "rigged witch hunt," just produced the indictment of 12 Russian military intelligence members for an act of cyber war attacking our democracy. How is Putin supposed to take it seriously when Trump mocks the whole enterprise? … Again, unless POTUS holds Putin accountable for:   - 2016 election interference - Undermining European democracies - The UK chemical attack - Invading Crimea - Arming Ukrainian separatists - Supporting Assad’s war crimes   This is just another photo-op with a dictator. … Completion of this critical transportation link will improve safety, reduce rail and vehicle congestion, and create good paying jobs. Proud to push for support and funding of the CREATE project … The next #SCOTUS justice will likely be the deciding vote on whether all Americans have access to affordable health care. This is #WhatsAtStake. … President Trump must cancel his meeting with Putin if he doesn't plan to make 2016 election interference the top issue of discussion. If he insists on meeting with Putin, doing so without other Americans in the room would be a terrible mistake & raises serious questions. With more than 65 million people around the world forcibly displaced from their homes, the Trump Administration is doing everything in its power to prevent innocent victims of war and brutal gang violence from seeking safe haven in our country. This does not reflect our values. Sat down with lawyers and advocates who have been working directly with children who’ve been separated from their parents at the border. Hearing their stories sheds light on the many challenges caused by the Trump Administration’s cruel immigration policies.pic.twitter.com/12zWNuCMtc My statement on the Special Counsel's indictment of 12 Russians for 2016 U.S. election hacking:pic.twitter.com/GQx38KbdDi This tax bill was and always will be a giveaway to the super wealthy and big corporations, not hardworking and middle class Americans who deserved a break. #GOPTaxScam. … We agree w/ @SenBobCasey, @SenatorDurbin, @SenDuckworth & @SenBillNelson. NHTSA should issue a final rule requiring safeguards for keyless ignition cars. We filed comments in 2011 urging NHTSA to adopt uniform standards to prevent tragic deaths & injuries  … Proud to join @SenMarkey on this bill. It will provide ATF the authority it needs to go after bad gun dealers and improve enforcement of the gun laws already on the books. … I've joined @SenWarren to introduce a bill that limits how much patients have to pay for prescription drugs. It’s time for real action. President Trump’s strategy to lower drug prices is to tweet and hope for the best. We know that’s not a plan and won’t work. … Today, I am introducing a resolution asserting that the @NSF should be able to share critical climate science from federal agencies with the public. Read my resolution here:  … New Pod! Democrats target Brett Kavanaugh’s views on presidential power, Trump blows up the NATO summit, and House Republicans defend Rep. Jim Jordan. Guest @SenatorDurbin joins to talk about the Kavanaugh nomination and immigration.  Read more here:pic.twitter.com/MBSiHPdivZ More must be done to help women & infants — especially black mothers & babies. Along with @SenDuckworth and @RepRobinKelly, I’m pressing Gov. Rauner & major U.S. health insurers to lay out what steps they're taking to address this issue and what more can be done. Every year, more than 700 women in U.S. die as a result of pregnancy or childbirth, w black women & babies particularly at risk. In IL, black women have 3.5x higher maternal mortality rates than white women & black infants have nearly 3x higher mortality rates than white infants. The United States is one of the very few developed countries where deaths related to pregnancy or childbirth are increasing—and there is a greater racial gap in infant mortality rates today than there was during slavery in America. .@rebelbellSEchgo also voiced concerns on impacts of Manganese dust in SE Chicago. Air monitoring systems are now required at facilities in SE Chicago as a result of letters from myself & Illinois members of Congress sent to the EPA on this issue. Yesterday, I met with @CleanAirMoms_IL who are partnering with @rebelbellSEchgo to call for action on environmental issues impacting children’s health in Illinois communities. And they brought some bright and smiling faces with them.pic.twitter.com/nOuSkbDGHu The Judiciary Committee must hold a hearing to get to the bottom of this and hold the Administration accountable for creating this humanitarian crisis. The Trump Administration’s inadequate efforts to reunite the children they separated from their parents at our border are appalling. The fact that they’re migrants doesn't mean they aren't human beings who deserve basic & moral human treatment.pic.twitter.com/mHqg9RKf4Z NATO allies have stood by us in our darkest hours, sending their men & women into battle with U.S. troops, sometimes to die for the causes we share. This President has no sense of history, is bizarrely enamored with Putin & doesn’t appreciate the strongest alliance in the world. … Since the start of President Trump’s trade war, the value of soybeans has dropped 20%. This is hurting Illinois farmers and the rural economy. I asked @ILSoybean members to stay strong and we’ll weather this storm together. Sat down with members of @ILSoybean today who are just as concerned as I am about President Trump’s trade war. We also discussed ongoing negotiations with the Farm Bill. I'm asking IL community colleges to assist students attending the closing Illinois Institute of Art campuses and Argosy-Schaumburg. These students deserve a chance to continue their studies at quality, affordable institutions like community colleges.  … Let me be just as clear. This Senator will do everything in his power to stop legislation that would authorize the Trump Administration to throw migrant children in jail and throw away the key. It is immoral and un-American. The Trump Administration’s goal is clear – in the midst of the world’s worst refugee crisis, they want to make the situation for families fleeing persecution as painful as possible – in order to deter them from seeking safe haven in our country. And they are asking Congress to pass legislation overturning the Flores agreement and authorizing them to jail children indefinitely. According to media reports, the Trump Administration plans to appeal the Flores settlement - a legally binding agreement to protect the best interests of children that has been in place for over 20 years. I’m not going to stop demanding answers from this Administration until it abides by the court’s order and reunites every single child who has been separated from their parents #FamiliesBelongTogether. The Administration’s real plan is not to reunite these families but to undermine the Flores settlement, a legally-binding agreement in place for over 20 years that protects the best interests of detained children. The Trump Administration continues to try to shift the blame for this humanitarian crisis onto Congress, when in reality this is, as a federal court found, “a chaotic circumstance of the government’s own making.” Contrary to what HHS Secretary Azar told Congress, many parents of separated children reportedly still do not know where their children are, and their attempts to contact them have been unsuccessful. The Administration has failed to even identify the parent of one child and has made no effort to contact 12 parents who the Administration itself deported. Yesterday, the Trump Administration notified the court that it has identified 102 separated children under the age of five – and that only four of these children were reunited with their parents before the deadline. I spoke on the Senate floor this morning about the Administration’s cruel and immoral policy of separating families fleeing persecution. Watch the speech here:  … Also, @RonWyden, @SenFeinstein, @PattyMurray, and I are calling for the removal of ORR Director Lloyd – he is the one largely responsible for these children and his silence is deafening. He must go.pic.twitter.com/iYbh08632j At best, HHS Secretary Azar’s testimony on Trump’s child separation policy two weeks ago was misleading. At worst, it was flat out inaccurate. He must come back and provide Congress with truthful answers. My full statement on Senate confirmation of Brian Benczkowskipic.twitter.com/efePZTpL0g This could prove to be a historic mistake. … The Senate votes around 2:00pm ET today on Mr. Benczkowski. Will Republicans rubber stamp this nominee to one of the most important positions at DOJ? Beyond Mr. Benczkowski’s Russia ties and troubling judgment, he’s been nominated to head the DOJ Criminal Division and hasn’t prosecuted one single case. Not one. … In fact, I am increasingly convinced that President Trump is so enamored by validation-seeking autocrats and offended by allies expressing disagreements that he is incapable of distinguishing friends from enemies. I do not know of any modern president who let normal disagreements between key allies turn into personal spats that alienate our friends and undermine our security. I continue to be deeply concerned about the current course of American foreign policy under this President. He's willing to undermine allies and instead cozy up to adversaries like Russia and North Korea. I posed a simple question to my Republican colleagues: What has happened to the party of Ronald Reagan when it comes to national security matters today? Spoke on the Senate floor ahead of President Trump's trip to Brussels for NATO summit, and his meeting with Russian President Putin:  … I can think of few times in my history here that so many in the party of Reagan have sat so quietly on their hands while an American president’s actions threaten our Western security alliances and our place in the world. … Yet another ACA sabotage by Trump Administration. This time, more cuts to the navigator program, which helps people sign up for health insurance. … Very glad to see the courageous journalist @RafaelMdeMorais acquitted of the bogus criminal charges filed against him for uncovering the truth. A good day for independent journalism in #Angola. … Remember, thousands of other children are still separated from their parents because of Trump’s cruel and immoral immigration policy. Your voices are still needed. RT to spread the word. The court said these separations are causing “irreparable harm” and this humanitarian crisis is “a chaotic circumstance of the government’s own making.” BREAKING: The Trump Administration says that ONLY FOUR of 102 separated children under age 5 were reunited before today’s court’s deadline. They can’t even identify the parent of one toddler and have made no effort to contact 12 parents who ICE deported. Brett Kavanaugh would be the deciding vote on this Court to change the rules in America for the next generation. And just in time, the President has found a Supreme Court nominee who argues Presidents should not be distracted with criminal investigations and prosecutions while in office. Kavanaugh’s views on the Second Amendment are straight out of the gun lobby playbook. Given a choice between the freedom of women to plan their own families and the strong hand of government, women lose. Given a choice between polluters and public health, he consistently finds a legal escape for the polluters. His record shows that given a choice between corporations and consumers, he’s a reliable ally of big business. If Justice Kennedy was a swing vote on the Supreme Court, Judge Kavanaugh would swing the Supreme Court to the far right #WhatsAtStake. Kevin Modany made $36 million defrauding students at #4profit ITT Tech between 2007-14, a $200,000 fine is a parking ticket to him. … Will Senate Republicans simply rubber stamp this nomination? The Benczkowski vote could mark a pivotal moment in the Russia investigation. The warning signs are clear. Read my letter here:pic.twitter.com/I3FbK26ZMJ Benczkowski has no prosecutorial experience. He showed poor judgment by choosing to represent Russia’s Alfa Bank while he was seeking a DOJ job despite reports that Alfa was under criminal investigation. He won’t commit to recuse himself from Russia-related matters if confirmed. Today Senate Republicans have scheduled the first procedural vote on the nomination of Brian Benczkowski to head the DOJ Criminal Division. Mr. Benczkowski is the wrong person for this job. At 10:30am I’ll join @SenateDems at #SCOTUS to share #WhatsAtStake with the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh. Livestream here: … The stakes for this SCOTUS nomination are historic. Critical rights, freedoms, and protections are hanging in the balance. #WhatsAtStake. Replacing Justice Kennedy’s swing vote with a far-right jurist like Judge Kavanaugh could change the rules in America. With a subservient Republican Congress and a far-right Supreme Court, there is a real risk that the worst impulses of the Trump presidency will go unchecked. And in light of the ongoing Russia investigation, is it a coincidence that President Trump picked a nominee who has expressed staunch opposition to criminal investigations of sitting Presidents? Judge Kavanaugh has a record on the bench of consistently favoring big business and undermining protections for consumers, workers, women, and the environment. The Committee will need access to documents about Judge Kavanaugh’s work in the Bush Administration to get to the bottom of these contradictions. In 2007 I sent Brett Kavanaugh this letter asking to explain his inaccurate and misleading testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee. I’m still waiting for an answer.pic.twitter.com/c7XoGJKDSj My statement on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to fill the Kennedy vacancy on the Supreme Court #ScotusPick:pic.twitter.com/cVUj88tKUK Big congrats to @Cubs catcher @WContreras40, second baseman @javy23baez, starting pitcher @JLester34, and @WhiteSox first baseman Jose Abreu on making the 2018 All Star game in DC! Extremely disappointed by this decision. These are completely trumped up and ridiculous charges for two journalists who did their job by reporting ethic cleansing atrocities in Myanmar. Once again calling on the Burmese government to release them. … Enjoyed stopping by @UrbanInitiative this morning, where kids were kicking off the start of the Summer of Sport program. Programs like this are critical for keeping kids safe and active when school is not in session.pic.twitter.com/GFQBPN48M4 MORNING READ: Heart wrenching and inspiring story of a young refugee from Myanmar, living in Chicago and working hard to make a life for himself via @Suntimes … My heart goes out to these boys and their coach. The world is with you and I’m praying for their health and safety as rescues continue. … Spoke to @chucktodd on @MeetThePress this morning about #WhatsAtStake with the selection of the next #SCOTUS justice - like affordable health care and women’s rights. Watch my interview here: … I’ll be on @MeetThePress this morning to share my thoughts on #WhatsAtStake with the Supreme Court vacancy. Hope you can tune in. We must send a clear message that DOJ will stand strong against Russian meddling. That means withdrawing the Benczkowski nomination and putting in a DOJ Criminal Division head who has real prosecutorial experience and is free and clear from Russian connections. At a time when we need the DOJ Criminal Division to help uncover, prevent, and deter Russian interference in our democracy, Mr. Benczkowski is simply not the right person to lead that effort. See my letter here.pic.twitter.com/KVzBE0InbH ICYMI, Senate Republicans have quietly set up a vote next week on Brian Benczkowski to head the DOJ Criminal Division. This is a big deal. … THIS SUNDAY: Senate Minority Whip @SenatorDurbin (D-Ill.) joins @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd in an exclusive interview. #MTP #IfItsSunday  cc @WPSDLocal6, @nbcchicago, @wandtvnews, @wgem, @25NewsWEEK, @kwqcnews, @13WREXpic.twitter.com/pI6InZt4mq The hypocrisy is breathtaking. … President Trump disregarded countless warnings to embark on this reckless trade war that undercuts farmers and holds rural economies hostage. Unfortunately, Illinois will feel the brunt of China’s retaliation. … Concerned about the Palestinian villages of #Khan al-Ahmar and #Susiya. Hopefully, Israel will do the right thing and halt plans to demolish homes and displace entire communities. … Scott Pruitt made a mess of the environment and a mockery of ethical conduct. This resignation is a long time coming. … Congress and the American people deserve an explanation. Last week Sec. Azar testified under oath he could find separated children “within seconds” and “2,047” were in HHS custody. Now says “somewhere less than 3,000” and falsely blames courts and Congress for crisis Trump created. … We now know Trump’s cruel and immoral policy has separated more than 4,100 children from their parents. I won’t stop demanding answers until every family is reunited. … Watch this vote next week. Republicans will try to confirm Benczkowski while attention is focused on SCOTUS. This could be a pivotal moment in the Russia investigation. In May I joined my Senate Judiciary Democratic colleagues in calling for Benczkowski’s nomination to be withdrawn. See our letter here:pic.twitter.com/3JEbCfjGcv Why does President Trump want Brian Benczkowski for this important job? Why not find an attorney who has actual prosecutorial experience and who is free and clear from Russian connections? And we still don’t know the full story behind Alfa Bank and what they did in 2016. Benczkowski has no prosecutorial experience. He showed poor judgment by choosing to represent Alfa Bank while he was seeking a DOJ job despite reports that Alfa was under criminal investigation. And he won’t commit to recuse himself from Russia-related matters if confirmed. Heading the DOJ Criminal Division is a critically important job. This person will supervise over 600 federal prosecutors handling thousands of cases and investigations, and will oversee sensitive matters such as the criminal investigation of Michael Cohen. Remember Brian Benczkowski? He represented Russia’s Alfa Bank and was a top staffer to then-Senator Sessions. Senate Republicans plan to vote next week to confirm him to head the DOJ Criminal Division. Wishing a happy #FourthOfJuly to all! Whether you’re getting ready for a BBQ or looking forward to some fireworks, I hope you’re spending time with family and friends.pic.twitter.com/9VPmpHjue9 The government has a legal & moral obligation to ensure that each of these kids can be located by, and quickly reunited with, his or her parents. The Trump Administration took these children away from their parents. They must fully comply with the court’s order and reunite them. Sadly this comes as no surprise. Just last week, the Admin could not respond to my basic questions about the well-being and location of these children and their parents. Continued cruelty and incompetence at work by the Trump Administration. … Joined @RepCheri & others in Rockford today to celebrate the groundbreaking for @FlyRFD’s expanded cargo facility and other improvements. We will continue fighting for these federal investments that help the airport keep up with growing demand & boost the regional economypic.twitter.com/vzfPW03aKB 136 mayors from 34 different states – both Democrats and Republicans – agree that #FamiliesBelongTogether. It’s time for the Trump Administration to listen to the overwhelming majority of Americans who want zero tolerance to end.  … The Supreme Court affects every American. We’ve already seen President Trump stacking courts with nominees far outside the mainstream. The highest court in the land shouldn’t be a tool of ideological agendas. #CourtsMatter #WhatsAtStake. The Senate must oppose ideological nominees to the Supreme Court who would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade and the Affordable Care Act, writes Chuck Schumer, the Senate minority leader  It’s clear that ICE is unprepared and seemingly unwilling to reunite the infants and kids they forcibly removed at the border. We need a different solution to this humanitarian crisis. With the worst drug crisis in our nation's history, ICE and DHS should spend their resources on keeping drugs out and stopping drug money from being exported to gangs and cartels south of the border. ICE should be deporting dangerous felons, not toddlers and immigrant families fleeing danger. #FamiliesBelongTogether It’s heartening to see this outpouring of support for immigrant families who’ve been impacted by this administration’s cruel policies. The message is clear: #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/9vgJEoYkji Proud to join thousands in Chicago to oppose the Trump Administration’s zero tolerance immigration policy and show that  #FamiliesBelongTogether.pic.twitter.com/2MXYqEmeTl Efforts to stifle the freedom of the press cannot be tolerated and #Morocco should reverse this concerning decision.  #freethemall Disappointed with Morocco’s unjust sentencing of journalists, including Hamid Al Mahdaoui of @BadilInfo and Mohamed Al Asrihi of Rif24, to prison simply for covering local protests. I received a briefing yesterday where Trump officials refused to commit to reuniting families. They could not say how many families have been separated and said they only have plans to reunite 10 parents in their custody with children under 5. Outrageous. I just sent a letter to President Trump demanding he commit to comply with binding court order to reunite separated families:  …pic.twitter.com/ZfJ9BN0AhH This humanitarian crisis is far from over – and the Administration has to get its act together and comply with a federal court order to reunite these families #FamiliesBelongTogether. … Please continue to write and send your #CardsForKids so we can share support and words of encouragement to children seperated at the border from their parents. Mailing address below:   UAC/ORR Program ATTN: Cards for Kids 330 C Street, SW 5th Floor Washington, D.C. 20201 Met with local education leaders in East St. Louis to discuss efforts to improve early childhood development. I’ve intro’d legislation to address toxic stress & trauma that negatively impacts development and I’m glad to see @EriksonInst working on these issues in East St. Louis.pic.twitter.com/LF7WZwxads It was clear from my meeting yesterday that the Administration is working harder to stop the court-ordered reunification of these families than returning the kids. In the well-worn words of President Trump: sad. Calling on the Administration for a public accounting of the progress of reuniting children with their parents. Every day of delay is a bad day for these kids and their parents. Hundreds of infants and toddlers have been taken from their parents by our government, but ICE can only match ten parents to their child as of now.    Cruelty and incompetence at work by the Trump Administration. Senators were briefed by the Trump Administration yesterday about the ongoing migrant crisis at our Southern border. The lack of answers they had for us on basic questions about the well-being and location of children and parents is shocking.pic.twitter.com/dZm51bpBgQ Dangerous temperatures moving into Illinois today and tomorrow. Take caution and stay hydrated. Here is where you can find a local cooling center:   … Illinoisan Ron Gidwitz was just confirmed by the Senate as the new Ambassador to Belgium. Congratulations to him and his family. Cities and towns across America feel the heavy toll gun violence takes on their community daily. Chicago - a city I’m proud to represent – has suffered greatly from this scourge. The Republican complacency to act on this epidemic has to end. Heartbroken to once again hear of another mass shooting tragedy in America, this time at a newspaper in Annapolis. When will the Republicans who control Congress have the courage to buck the NRA and act on gun safety bills to stop the next shooting? Welcomed Illinois Constituents this morning with @RepCheri to discuss a busy week in Congress. Thanks to all who were able to attend.pic.twitter.com/dBlk4QZISD Democracy at work here in the lobby outside my office. Trump's zero tolerance child separation policy is an outrage, and these Americans have had enough #FamiliesBelongTogether.pic.twitter.com/LoM6AAgNiw Any meeting with President Putin must begin with “Do not ever interfere in America’s democracy again. We know you did it and I trust the expertise our intelligence community over your word any day.” Russia attacked American democracy, so naturally President Trump wants to visit with Putin and kiss the ring. Disrespecting our NATO allies and flattering our enemies is a terrible strategy for American foreign policy. … Joining the @Morning_Joe panel soon to share my thoughts on what's next for #SCOTUS. Tune in. Our police know that detaining families seeking safety is inhumane and cruel and doesn’t make us safer. The process at our Southern border must be orderly and caring, and align with our American values #FamiliesBelongTogether. … #CardsForKids is a small but powerful gesture you can do to show children separated from their parents at the border we are thinking about them. Will you join me in sending a card today?  UAC/ORR Program ATTN: Cards for Kids 330 C Street, SW 5th Floor Washington, D.C. 20201 Glad HHS answered @SenateDems request by taking this important step for the health and well being of these children. We need full transparency about what’s happening under Trump's “zero tolerance” policy #FamiliesBelongTogether. … Joining @CNNSitRoom shortly to discuss Justice Kennedy’s retirement, and why the Senate should not consider a replacement until the American people have spoken in this year’s election (aka the McConnell standard). Good call. … My full statement on Justice Kennedy's retirement:pic.twitter.com/f7T8g2UuAF With so much at stake for the people of our country, the U.S. Senate must be consistent and consider the President’s #SCOTUS nominee once the new Congress is seated in January. The way we treat the people at our borders is a message to the world. We have to be humane, civilized, and caring #FamiliesBelongTogether.pic.twitter.com/BcRRYZJmJR "What did corporate America do with that tax break? Buy record amounts of its own stock” #GOPTaxScam … Joining @SenSchumer, @SenatorMenendez, @SenatorCarper, @SenatorHeitkamp, and @SenBlumenthal to introduce a bill that will address the refugee crisis in Central America. Watch live here:  This will drive down wages and reduce benefits – like health care and retirement – at a time when American workers are already struggling. My full statement on #Janus here:pic.twitter.com/hEbz6rp12s The #Janus ruling overturns a 40-year-old precedent and further rigs the economy against hardworking Americans across the country and in Illinois. … This ruling was based on a Congolese mother separated from her six-year-old daughter for four months, a case my office worked on. Both are being cared for in Chicago. The Trump Administration’s ‘zero tolerance’ policy harms kids and must be stopped. It’s time to close this embarrassing chapter in our nation’s history once and for all. Zero tolerance loses. Kids win. … I’m joining @SenatorDurbin’s call to encourage kids nationwide to show children who’ve been separated from their parents that we're thinking of them.   Send your cards to: UAC/ORR Program  ATTN: Cards for Kids  330 C Street, SW 5th Floor Washington, D.C. 20201   #cardsforkidspic.twitter.com/tMsMGiaZoP This Thursday, please join me and special guest @RepCheri for this month’s Illinois Constituent Coffee. Swing by for coffee, donuts and some Q&A. Call my office for more information: 202-224-2152. Send your cards here:  UAC/ORR Program ATTN: Cards for Kids 330 C Street, SW 5th Floor Washington, D.C. 20201 Wondering what you can do to support children who have been separated from their parents at the border? Take a small part of your day to send a card with kind words and encouragement to these children #CardsForKids.pic.twitter.com/8JiLsQcimp #OTD 3 years ago, love won. But we can’t ever stop fighting for full equality. LGBTQ people continue to face discrimination simply for being who they are. That’s wrong, and I’m proud to support federal protections that will ensure love always wins.pic.twitter.com/ouzK5QZ4lX The Senate has already voted to #SaveTheInternet. The House should act now. Tell @SpeakerRyan to stop the delay. #NetNeutrality means consumers — not big corporations— choose what websites and applications we see online. In the 21st century, access to a free and open internet isn’t a just privilege, it’s a right. I’m fighting to #SaveTheInternet to protect that right. The Trump Administration’s “zero tolerance” policy has created a humanitarian and health crisis that they now have a moral obligation to solve. I’m asking HHS for more info on the health and well-being of separated children, and when they’ll be reunited with their parents. "I don't agree with the Supreme Court ruling," says Sen. Dick Durbin: "To categorically brand people because of their religion, their background or what country they're from, is not the way we should do things in America"   … I agree with Justice Sotomayor: this decision fails to safeguard the principle of religious neutrality embedded in our Bill of Rights. History will not be kind to this president’s policies or the #SCOTUS Justices who lent their names to this troubling ruling. … Chad Readler, nominated to a be judge on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, has argued that #LGBT Americans don’t qualify for anti-discrimination protections and defended the transgender military ban. This is troubling.  #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/iSGNMMA6Kz Britt Grant, nominated to be a judge on the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, argued that finding a constitutional right to marriage equality would “undermine the democratic process.”  I disagree.  #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/xYKVsGunRV Today marks five years since the Supreme Court's Shelby County decision gutted the Voting Rights Act. That decision has led to the passage of widespread #VoterSuppression laws making it harder for minorities to vote. #ProtectTheVote #ProtectOurCourts … Rafael has braved decades of harassment and prosecution to expose corruption and human rights abuses in his native #Angola. Unfortunate that Angolan authorities prevented him from traveling to accept the honor. Congratulations to journalist @RafaelMdeMorais, who has been named the @globalfreemedia 70th World Press Freedom Hero. You can let children who’ve been separated from their parents know you care and want to see them reunited by sending a card here #Cardsforkids:   UAC/ORR Program ATTN: Cards for Kids 330 C Street, SW 5th Floor Washington, D.C. 20201 This morning I stopped by @ElValorChicago where kids were making cards to send to children who’ve been separated from their parents at the border. #Cardsforkids is a small but meaningful gesture that can brighten the day of a child in need.pic.twitter.com/lfAcmpUQQ9 As of today, more than 2,000 children remain separated from their parents.  Also as of today, the President has continued to verbally attack immigrants and demand deportations without due process. He lacks the compassion to help solve the humanitarian crisis he created. Beautiful day for the 49th annual #PrideParade in Chicago!pic.twitter.com/48LtEYqjXp Huge turnout of my fellow immigrants in support of reuniting children with their parents immediately. This “zero tolerance” policy is inhumane and doesn’t match America’s values #KeepFamiliesTogether.pic.twitter.com/TqZpARkU2w Enjoyed attending the @Chinatown312 18th Annual Dragon Boat Race today in Ping Tom Memorial Park.pic.twitter.com/0LNXQTsSXp Great to see so many people volunteering with @ChicagoCares this morning!pic.twitter.com/ww6hhqNmnT I encourage kids across the country to show children who’ve been separated from their parents that we're thinking of them & we care. Send your cards to:   UAC/ORR Program ATTN: Cards for Kids 330 C Street, SW 5th Floor Washington, D.C. 20201   RT to spread the word #cardsforkids While visiting these children, I delivered handwritten letters and cards from Chicago-area kids and families to show them they are not alone. It was a small gesture that meant a lot to these kids who have been through so much. #cardsforkidspic.twitter.com/vkuRHCBFcq Today I visited a shelter in Chicago housing immigrant children who have been separated from their parents because of the Trump Administration’s zero tolerance policy. This heartbreaking situation has only been further complicated by Trump’s Executive Order.pic.twitter.com/Tq2LHbvhh3 J. Campbell Barker, nominated to be a judge in the Eastern District of Texas, defended a Mississippi law that allows business owners to discriminate against #LGBT couples.  Judiciary Democrats voted no. #PrideMonth #CourtsMatterpic.twitter.com/ts1AOZQPrW Great to attend the opening of Farm on Ogden today. This unique partnership between @chicagobotanic and @LawndaleHealth will provide programs for farming and job training, while also bringing more fresh produce to the Lawndale community.pic.twitter.com/RZhjg7x8RJ There is no denying the beauty and tranquility of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Not one oil drill should be used on this land. … Where is the plan from the Trump Administration to reunite these children with their parents? President Trump created this humanitarian crisis—he hasn’t solved anything. … "16 and Alone, Inside a Center for Separated Children in New York" … Trump’s enablers in Congress say they support his zero-tolerance policy to “protect” kids from dangerous journey to our border. But last year Trump shut down Central American Minors program that allowed kids to file for asylum without traveling to US: … Don’t be fooled. If you carefully read this executive order, there is no guarantee children can't be separated from their families. This crisis is far from over. … The Senate Appropriations Committee just passed my amendment with @SenatorLeahy that will deny U.S. visas to any Pakistani official involved in the imprisonment of Aasiya Noreen, known as Asia Bibi, who was sentenced to death for blasphemy. She must be released. Good news for main street businesses in IL & across US: #SCOTUS has cleared the way for our retailers to compete on a level playing field with internet giants. Honored to be part of the bipartisan group in Congress that has worked on #MarketplaceFairness issue for years #Quill. … This crisis is not over.   Thousands of families are still separated with no plan to reunite them.   “Zero tolerance” is still official U.S. policy.   Trump’s new order seeks to indefinitely detain children & families.   Your voices are still needed. RT to spread the word. Sat down with top U.S. diplomats Todd Robinson and Brian Naranjo this afternoon. Both were expelled from Venezuela on trumped up charges following last month’s sham election. We cannot ignore the humanitarian crisis and dismantling of democracy under President Maduro. The President’s executive order didn’t solve this crisis. … President Trump and his enablers in Congress have taken these children hostage to try to enact their anti-immigrant agenda into law. Don’t be fooled: this crisis does not need a bill to fix it—it requires the GOP to stand up and call for an end to this monstrous Trump policy. My full statement here:pic.twitter.com/jwLSR0QN10 Make no mistake: the President is doubling down on his ‘zero tolerance’ policy. His new Executive Order criminalizes asylum-seekers and seeks to indefinitely detain their children. Good luck @RepCheri and all the players in tonight’s @CWSoftballGame! … Refugees who are fleeing war, violence, and persecution deserve our compassion, not vilification #WorldRefugeeDay #RefugeesWelcome #WithRefugees “On behalf of the physician and medical student members of the AMA, I am writing to strongly urge the federal government to withdraw its ‘zero tolerance’ policy that requires the separation of migrating children from their parents or caregivers.” - @CEO_AMA, Dr. James L. Madara.pic.twitter.com/sqf6tZTPpd This is a hostage crisis. Babies and preschoolers are torn from their parents, and right now Republican senators are figuring out how much they can extort in Congress instead of telling the President to simply stop. … Pay attention here: Republicans are using children separated from their parents, crying in cages, to see how many other pieces of their agenda they can get. Trump could end this policy all by himself before lunchtime: … “Ted Cruz hasn’t suddenly grown a heart. His proposed bill is an attempt to convert nationwide disgust with family separation into dangerous, anti-immigrant legislation.” … The Trump Administration can try to hide the faces of these separated children and their grief stricken mothers, but it won’t work. We’ve seen enough. We know enough. They cannot hide this cruel reality #KeepFamiliesTogether. **Don’t’ be fooled** this bill actually strips protections from vulnerable children who have been separated from their parents at the border, making it easier to detain and deport them. This is a bait and switch—Sen. Cruz should tell the President to stop family separation TODAY … To my Republican colleagues: Be unafraid of what Breitbart will say tomorrow. Be unafraid what right-wingers’ are going to do to you in the next primary. If you truly believe family separation is reprehensible and shameful, have the courage to stand up to this President. The President doesn’t need a bill to end the suffering. He can do so with his pen – today – if he so desired. … We know the depths this Administration will go to now to push their hateful agenda.   The President with his lying tweets.   The Attorney General hiding behind his Bible.   The Secretary of DHS who now must live for the rest of her public life with her performance yesterday.pic.twitter.com/Wb64rauftx Today we celebrate the 153rd anniversary of Juneteenth - a historic day that commemorates the end of slavery in the United States #Juneteenth2018. … This cannot be allowed to continue   #KeepFamiliesTogether @OireachtasNews Joining Democratic colleagues soon to call for an immediate end to the Trump Administration's family separation policy #FamiliesBelongTogether. Watch live here:  … We can’t stop now. We must continue to fight for @NIH and Alzheimer’s research funding, on behalf of families across Illinois and the nation. Almost every American family has been touched by Alzheimer’s, with more than 5 million people nationwide diagnosed with the disease. Over the past three years, Congress has done its part by tripling funding for Alzheimer’s disease research at the National Institutes of Health. Today I met with Illinois members of the @alzassociation to talk about ways Congress can help support efforts to find a cure, develop treatments, and support caregivers who are on the front lines caring for loved ones living with this terrible disease. The White House is trying to play the blame game for its own policy of separating children from their parents—they’re not fooling anybody. … NEW CBS NEWS POLL: Two-thirds of Americans say separating children from parents at the border is unacceptable  pic.twitter.com/c0IkBlKymL Momentum continues to build for bipartisan #CJreform bill in the Senate. Read new letter from @TheRAC – the faith community believes meaningful reform must fix drug sentencing laws.  … Student debt in America is a crisis. It hits communities of color particularly hard and is exacerbated by Secretary DeVos’ policies. … Republicans control the Senate by only two votes, so if just two Republicans refused to vote for Trump nominees until the Administration stops separating families, this policy would quickly end. No law requires children to be ripped away from their parents. This cruel policy would end today if the Republicans who control Congress demanded it. Again, for anyone watching this press conference, the Trump Administration is choosing to separate children from their parents at the border. It is false to say they are "just enforcing the laws as they are written"  … CC: President Trump, Attorney General Sessions, and Secretary Nielsen. … Hey @realDonaldTrump - Remember how you won my Congressional District in 2016? Well, since Friday, 96% of the calls and emails we've gotten about your #FamilySeparation policy are against you.  This is YOUR policy and YOU can end it with a phone call. … President Trump continues to blame Democrats for family separation at the border. Let's get the facts straight:   AG Sessions and President Trump made this decision. It's false to say there's a law they're enforcing. They could end this cruelty if they so desire. When will the Republicans who control Congress join in this condemnation? … This extreme family separation policy will only stop when Republicans who control Congress demand it. “The really devastating thing was that we all knew what was going on with this child. We all knew what the problem was,” Kraft said. “She didn’t have her mother, and none of us can fix that.” … Elizabeth was a talented journalist and I always enjoyed sitting down for an interview with her. Sending my best to her loved ones and the WTTW family. … Nothing can compare to the joys of fatherhood. Wishing a very happy #FathersDay to all the dads in Illinois and across our great country today! One in six Illinois children struggle with hunger, and I will fight to protect SNAP and other nutrition programs in the upcoming Farm Bill. Glad to visit kids at the @springfield_Y & @CentralILFoodbk’s Summer Food Program today. This @USDA funded program ensures that kids from all income levels have access to nutritious meals when school is not in session.pic.twitter.com/lywrzwVZtf Republicans are hurrying to confirm 37-year-old Trump judicial nominee Patrick Wyrick, a Scott Pruitt protégé, before finding out if the American Bar Association considers him qualified. Why? #CourtsMatter.pic.twitter.com/mLiPywDjBi When will Republicans in Congress stand for family values and call on the Trump Administration to end this monstrous policy? … 1. There is no law requiring family separation.  2. President Trump could end this policy today if he so desired.  3. Republicans control Congress. 4. They could bring up & pass @SenFeinstein’s bill that is sponsored by 40 @SenateDems and would end family separation. … Family separation wasn’t U.S. policy until President Trump and AG Sessions made it one. No law requires it. Those are the facts. … By requiring drug companies to tell us their prices and cracking down on gimmicks used to reduce competition, two bipartisan measures I’ve supported,  we can create a more transparent and affordable system for consumers:  … Visited @OSFHealthCare in Peoria today to discuss new efforts to combat skyrocketing prescription drug costs and critical medicine shortages.pic.twitter.com/U82LEGyh67 Farmers in Illinois and across America stand to lose much from President Trump's reckless trade wars. This is not a game -- this is people's livelihoods. … I call on all Republicans & Democrats who care about Dreamers and still believe we are a nation of immigrants to oppose this cruel legislation. Instead, next week he will try to pass partisan legislation that uses Dreamers as hostages to advance the President’s anti-immigrant wishlist. This bill would slash *legal* immigration & fast-track deportations of women & children fleeing horrific gang & sexual violence. If Speaker Ryan had the courage to bring the #DreamAct to the floor of the House it would pass on an overwhelming bipartisan vote. We cannot wait, the time to act is now #DreamActNow. 