I'm thankful to my friend and survivor @RepAnnieKuster for sharing her story in the wake of the accusations against Judge Kavanaugh. #BelieveSurvivors … A lifetime of vicious attacks. Their reputations. Possibly their jobs. Even their personal safety. These survivors are risking everything, and they MUST be taken seriously. I am struck by how too many of my colleagues are focusing on what is at risk for Judge Kavanaugh. They should focus more on what these women are risking by speaking out. These past few weeks have been a painful reminder of why it is still so hard for survivors of sexual assault to come forward. I’ll be speaking on the Senate floor shortly to implore my colleagues to take these survivors seriously.  … I want to thank all of the New Hampshire citizens who came to Washington today to advocate for the health and safety of their communities when it comes to PFAS chemicals in their drinking water. Their work and activism is critical to ensuring that Congress takes action.pic.twitter.com/YOH8HnqZXG Today, a third woman came forward and bravely shared a credible allegation involving Judge Kavanaugh. The FBI needs to investigate. Tomorrow's hearing should be postponed. This is very simple - the Senate needs to take survivors seriously. Everyone has a right to clean, safe drinking water. But right now, communities across New Hampshire are facing PFAS contamination in their drinking water. Today, I'll take part in the Senate’s first-ever hearing on these chemicals. You can watch live here:  … This bill has just passed the House and is on the way to the President's desk. I urge the President to sign it without delay and help protect Americans from being taken advantage of when they go buy a prescription at the pharmacy. … President Trump is once again attacking a woman who bravely shared her story of sexual assault. These serious allegations should be thoroughly investigated by the FBI, not diminished and attacked. … Happy #NationalLobsterDay! Hope everyone is enjoying celebrating New England's favorite crustacean. Laura's idea to send holiday cards to our troops has transformed from having her family writing cards to engaging the whole community to send thousands of cards. Read more about our September Granite Stater of the Month's efforts here: … Congratulations to Principal Scully from Souhegan High School for being named New Hampshire's Principal of the Year! Great seeing you, and thanks for all you do for our students.pic.twitter.com/w66m9qgAUM Thank you to State Senator Martha Hennessey for bravely coming forward and sharing your story. Your powerful words are a reminder that we must keep working to ensure that survivors are supported and believed. #BelieveSurvivors … The FBI needs to investigate the multiple allegations of sexual assault against Judge Kavanaugh. This is a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court – the Senate must get this right and take these grave and credible allegations seriously. Over 3,000 Granite Staters came out today to help raise funds to support those battling cancer. A great morning seeing so many Granite Staters coming together for their community.pic.twitter.com/7ina7ts4TZ I was honored to be at tonight's American Legion dinner paying tribute to Granite Stater First Lt. William H. Jutras who made the ultimate sacrifice in WWI. Let’s all honor the memories of our fallen heroes like William by striving to uphold the ideals that they fought for.pic.twitter.com/ZyahjlqnmK Lance Corporal Dimitrios Gavriel volunteered for the Marine Corps following the horrific events of 9/11 and died on the front lines in Iraq. Today, a bridge in his hometown of Atkinson was named in his honor, a reminder of the sacrifices our service members make to keep us safe.pic.twitter.com/b87MLT69aB When survivors of sexual assault come forward they should not be doubted, diminished, or bullied. By threatening to rush forward with a vote on Monday, that’s exactly what Senate Republicans are doing to Dr. Ford. This is wrong. Today, we all take a moment to pause and remember the service members who have been held as prisoners of war and those who never returned. We must never forget their sacrifices to keep us safe, secure, and free. #POWMIARecognitionDay Senators Maggie Hassan and Richard Blumenthal say Republicans are not acting like people who want to know what really happened to Christine Blasey Ford.  Shortly, I'll be talking to @chrislhayes about the serious allegations against Judge Kavanaugh and the need to treat Dr. Ford with dignity and respect. Tune-in soon on @MSNBC. Sat down with @UofNH students interested in cybersecurity today to hear about what they're learning and talk about my bipartisan efforts to help ensure that the federal government keeps pace with the evolving cyberthreats we are facing.pic.twitter.com/fG3YlYd12m A year ago today, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico, resulting in an estimated loss of 3,000 Americans. There is far more work to do to support the people of Puerto Rico, and we must still get to the bottom of the federal government's failed response. Stand Down for Homeless Veterans connects homeless veterans with providers and resources to help with everything from housing, food, and health care to employment. I was proud to join in New Hampshire's 12th annual Stand Down event today.pic.twitter.com/3IhXGlQgDX There are too few women in STEM fields, and we need to provide girls with the training and confidence-building skills they need to change that. Read my op-ed with Girl Scouts CEO @SylviaAcevedo in @bustle on how we're working to provide those tools: … Dr. Ford bravely came forward with a serious allegation of sexual assault. It’s the Senate’s job to get to the truth before giving Judge Kavanaugh a lifetime appointment. Dr. Ford and the American people are calling for and deserve a full investigation. We should do this right. Today I witnessed 70 people from 36 different nations all become American citizens. Congratulations!pic.twitter.com/eDS4u7TFUn G'mar chatimah tovah to everyone observing Yom Kippur. Wishing you all a meaningful fast. The Trump Administration created a humanitarian crisis when they separated thousands of children from their families on the southern border. Now, the Administration wants to be able to detain children indefinitely. I will not stand for that.pic.twitter.com/uEFwpy8Uiq For 71 years, the brave men and women of the @usairforce have helped keep our country safe, secure, and free. Thank you for all you do! … This is despicable. Important for all to remember the lessons of the past and not minimize or mischaracterize Professor Ford’s account. She deserves to be heard and respected. … It is imperative that Americans who experience disabilities are fully included and have the support they need to thrive in all aspects of their lives. Today I was proud to cosponsor a bill to help small businesses better accommodate those who experience disabilities. Professor Ford has shown great courage in speaking out, and like too many before her, she is being attacked for doing so. These serious allegations must be investigated, and the Senate cannot repeat the mistakes of the past. Professor Ford must be treated with dignity. Veteran treatment courts help veterans get back on track by using tailored treatment to meet their needs and address symptoms that are specific to veterans. I’m glad the President signed our bill to help support these efforts. While this bipartisan bill is a vital next step to combat the opioid crisis, the biggest mistake anyone could make is thinking our work is anywhere close to done. Read more about the bill here: … This bipartisan bill will expand access to medication-assisted treatment, help ensure states like New Hampshire receive their fair share of federal resources, expand comprehensive recovery centers, and support our brave law enforcement and first responders. Today the Senate passed a bipartisan bill that marks a vital next step in our efforts to combat the opioid crisis. It is nonsensical that pharmacists are barred from telling their customers if they could save money by buying prescription drugs out-of-pocket instead of using their insurance plans. This needs to stop. Glad our bill to ban these "pharmacy gag clauses" has passed the Senate. Today, the Senate is voting on a bipartisan bill to combat the opioid epidemic. I'm live on the Senate floor speaking about this bill and how we must continue to work together to combat the deadly opioid crisis.  … One consequence of the devastating opioid epidemic is many more grandparents are becoming primary caregivers for their grandchildren. I want to thank the grandparents I met today at @NewFuturesNH for sharing their stories so we can find ways to better support these grandfamilies.pic.twitter.com/ILZWrhJgUa Professor Ford has shown great courage in speaking out, and we must ensure that the process treats her with dignity. The vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination should be delayed – as members of both parties have called for – until this allegation has been investigated and Senators have their questions answered. This allegation against Judge Kavanaugh is serious and needs to be investigated fully. The Senate has an obligation to do everything it can to uncover the truth given its constitutional obligation to provide advice and consent with regard to lifetime judicial nominations. Professor Ford has come forward with an allegation of sexual assault, detailing a painful experience that will ring true to many women. Sadly, what will also ring true is the rush to marginalize and attack her. We have to keep fighting to ensure that we're addressing issues like harmful air quality, water contaminants, and climate change. Thank you to all the activists at today's rally for making your voices heard, I'm proud to stand with you.pic.twitter.com/WcWYlPooyj Congrats @FisherCats!  … Opa! Hope everyone at Glendi Greek Festival got to sample some of the delicious food! It’s always wonderful to get to take part in this celebration of New Hampshire's Greek-American community.pic.twitter.com/48IP5NMU7K Thank you and welcome to New Hampshire's newest City Year volunteers! These volunteers will serve in eight of our state's elementary schools and serve more than 98,000 hours before they graduate. I know they'll do invaluable work to support our students.pic.twitter.com/6cSkYfgD6c Veterans are more likely than any other American to be chronically homeless, and that is simply unacceptable. Today's ground-breaking of Boulder Point, which will provide new living opportunities for veterans, marks an important step in our efforts to combat veteran homelessness.pic.twitter.com/aSRethACJw My thoughts are with our neighbors in Massachusetts and I’m extremely grateful to all the NH and MA first responders on the scenes. Please listen to public safety officials and stay safe.  … This is a huge win for student borrowers. We must continue to fight back against Secretary Betsy DeVos's efforts to put shady, for-profit colleges before our students. … Chick out the view from our back deck in Newfields, NH yesterday   … The House homeland security committee passed my bipartisan bill with @senrobportman to strengthen cybersecurity. This bill will help harness the skills of vetted hackers to boost cybersecurity at @DHSgov. Yesterday, the Senate voted to approve a bipartisan spending bill that strengthens many New Hampshire priorities such as -Boosting opioid treatment funding  -Supporting our veterans  -Investing in the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and National Guard Read more: … This isn’t about you and it isn’t a political game. Nearly 3,000 Americans died in Puerto Rico. We need answers not heartless attempts to duck responsibility. … 1 @RedSox Thank you to all the brave policewomen who help protect the Granite State. Happy #NationalPoliceWomanDay! … It is always good to see New Hampshire's former VFW State Commander Paul Chevalier and discuss how we can better support our veterans.pic.twitter.com/yCONmhxorl Granite Staters roll up our sleeves and help out when it's needed. I'm grateful to all of the New Hampshire fire fighters and emergency officials who are heading south to assist with the Hurricane Florence response efforts. … In an op-ed for @CNN I co-wrote w/ @SenatorHassan, we discuss our bipartisan efforts to strengthen cyber defenses at the @DHSgov by utilizing ethical hackers to identify undiscovered vulnerabilities in their database & making DHS cyber-teams permanent. … When it comes to hacking and cyberattacks, anyone can be a target, and our country is at risk. Read my op-d with @senrobportman about our bipartisan legislation to help prevent these attacks. … Nearly 3,000 Americans died in Puerto Rico. We need an investigation not delusional bluster. … Each year, New Hampshire comes together to remember those we lost on September 11th. It was an honor to join in two of those remembrances today – at the NH Veterans Home ceremony and the American Legion Post 35’s rededication ceremony of the Global War on Terrorism Monument.pic.twitter.com/oOw49KtA2K Climate change is happening whether this Administration wants to admit it or not. Instead of working to prevent climate change, the Trump Administration continues to put big oil before our people and our environment. … Great news, New Hampshire's Harbor Homes and Veterans Inc. are receiving a combined total of $2.85 million in federal grants to support their efforts to ensure that our veterans have access to safe, affordable housing. It's primary day, New Hampshire! Make sure you make your voice heard and vote. You can find your polling place here: … Today, we remember those we lost to senseless acts of terror 17 years ago, their loved ones, and all the first responders and ordinary citizens who put their lives on the line to save their fellow Americans on one of the darkest days in our nation's history. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/fYgxoZPwzo On #WorldSuicidePreventionDay know that if you are struggling, you are not alone. If you or a loved one needs help, you can call 1-800-273-8255 or visit  . Read why I will vote against Judge Kavanaugh here: … I have watched Judge Kavanaugh’s responses during his nomination hearings. I have examined his judicial writings and past public statements. I have also reviewed the limited number of documents that Republicans agreed to share with the American people -- and I will vote no. Each year, students, faculty, and officials of the Manchester School District come together to mark September 11th. I was honored to join them today in remembering the lives lost on September 11th and those who put their lives on the line to save others on that dark day.pic.twitter.com/s4wTBIiksB Every year from Memorial Day to 9/11, members of 100 Nights of Remembrance sound taps at the New Hampshire State Veterans Cemetery. I was honored to attend tonight's moving closing ceremony.pic.twitter.com/tSxDtNfXKY L'Shanah Tovah to all our friends and neighbors celebrating Rosh Hashanah, every good wish for a happy, healthy, and sweet new year! Good to start #Patriots season off with a W … I was honored to help kick off this year's Hampton Beach Seafood Festival. Nothing beats fresh New Hampshire seafood. Hope everyone enjoys!pic.twitter.com/CSZaSzhjTC .@BetsyDeVosED needs to come before Congress and answer our questions about her dangerous proposal to arm teachers.pic.twitter.com/lBXW1ioAyA This is good news for the safety of people in rural areas and all Americans. This week, I reminded the TSA Administrator that we can’t counter the terrorist threat to our aviation system by only securing our largest airports. … Many of these individuals fled religious persecution in Indonesia years ago and raised their families in NH, becoming active members of our community. I applaud the decision to allow them to stay as they continue with the asylum process. … The Trump Administration is doing everything it can in order to keep children detained. This is unconscionable. … Here is how this lawsuit is a direct attack on Americans with pre-existing conditions:pic.twitter.com/Cv4W4nOepP Today, oral arguments began in a lawsuit that could end protections for Americans who have pre-existing conditions. This lawsuit is endorsed by the Trump Administration, and we can't stop speaking out. If their argument wins, this could impact millions of Americans’ health care. The Affordable Medications Act will increase transparency and affordability, spur innovation, and help protect competition. You can read more about our bold plan to lower the costs of prescription drugs here: … Too many Americans are forced to make the impossible choice between putting a roof over their heads or filling their prescriptions. I'm joining my colleagues in introducing a comprehensive bill to hold Big Pharma accountable and to help lower the cost of prescription drugs. For hundreds of thousands of young people, DACA was a chance at the American dream. They were able to work, study, and plan for a future. A year ago today, President Trump rescinded DACA, throwing the lives of these young people into limbo. Let's give them a future and #SaveDACA Great to celebrate the start of the school year and answer the questions of some very inquisitive 3rd, 4th, and 5th graders at @Lancasterschool in Salem this morning.  … The Senate has a constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on Supreme Court nominees. It's one of a Senator's most solemn duties. We can’t possibly do our jobs with the administration refusing to provide documents on Kavanaugh's views and record ahead of his hearings. This Administration has also attacked collective bargaining through unconstitutional executive orders, and President Trump praised the harmful Supreme Court decision that undermines the ability to unionize. We must fight back against these continued attacks on workers' rights. But President Trump has not stopped his attacks on workers’ rights. Just this week, the President announced he will freeze pay for federal civilian workers in order to pay for his corporate tax giveaways. On Labor Day we remember the progress workers have made thanks to the labor movement and unions. From fairer wages, to the weekend, to better working conditions, and benefits for workers – we have many things to thank the labor movement for. For the past week, I've been sharing the stories of Granite Staters who explain why it's critical we continue to fight against partisan attacks on health care. Today, I'm sharing my family's own story. Read it on my Instagram here:   pic.twitter.com/wtuSJXgljd I was glad to be with my fellow Senators at the National Cathedral to honor and celebrate John McCain’s life and legacy. John certainly made a deep impact on me – like he did so many others across the world. I shared a story about John today on Facebook:  …pic.twitter.com/lmeYr5JK2O Today is International Overdose Awareness Day. We must remember those who have been taken from us far too soon – and we must honor their memory by fighting to turn the tide of this devastating epidemic. President Trump is trying to freeze pay for civilian workers, like those whose work is critical at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard base, in order to pay for his tax giveaways to corporate special interests. This cannot stand. Though today will be Senator John McCain’s final time in the Capitol, his legacy and memory will never fade.pic.twitter.com/N6b82lSAZP For months, President Trump and Congressional Republicans have been sabotaging our health care system, including expanding junk health insurance plans that don't have to cover pre-existing conditions. We have a plan to fight back:pic.twitter.com/VK4fulxYl4 Today, I joined 44 of my colleagues in sending a letter to Secretary Betsy DeVos condemning her dangerous plan to arm teachers. Our students deserve to learn in classrooms that are free of weapons. … The fight to restore #NetNeutrality is not over; we’ve taken it to the courts. This week, I joined several colleagues in a brief to help challenge the FCC's repeal of net neutrality protections. We must keep making our voices heard. The opioid crisis is devastating communities across our state and impacting countless Granite Staters, including our young people. NH will be receiving a federal grant to help support the critical work of youth substance use prevention in our communities. For people like Lynnette from Exeter, losing health care coverage because of a pre-existing condition is unthinkable. Listen to her message about the need to save protections for people like her:  … The Trump Administration's junk insurance plans don't have to cover pre-existing conditions like cancer, diabetes, or asthma. I'm proud to stand with my colleagues in working to stop this attempt to sabotage people’s health care. … I am proud that the full Senate has confirmed Nick Willard to serve as the next U.S. Marshal for New Hampshire. I look forward to continuing to work with him to address the challenges that our state faces. Congratulations! The family separation crisis is not over. It has been over a month since the court-ordered deadline for the Trump Administration to reunite children with their parents, and yet hundreds of children are still separated from their loved ones. It's long past time for this to end. … Today, another report confirmed that thousands of people died in Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Maria. These are our fellow Americans, and we owe Puerto Rico our continued support as they rebuild after this horrific disaster. … 55 years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King delivered his "I Have a Dream Speech,” where he laid out a vision for a brighter future. His legacy of that dream and fighting for justice endures to this day, shaping our continued efforts to form a more perfect union.pic.twitter.com/6OEO7ZSQlm Last summer, Americans and Granite Staters shared their personal stories to fight against attacks on our health care. Jeff from Franklin, New Hampshire was one of them:  … It was unthinkable that the Trump Administration would allow blueprints for printing 3D guns to be released in the first place. This should never be allowed. … As the @FCC moves forward with a new telehealth pilot program, we’re urging them to maintain focus on maternal health. This program could improve the care of pregnant women across the country, especially in rural and low-income communities.pic.twitter.com/qVxBW5VsD5 Grateful for Senator McCain’s final inspiring and hopeful lessons in how to serve and how to lead. A reminder that we are stronger when we focus on what unites us. … The top government official in charge of overseeing the student loan market has resigned in protest of the Trump Administration's disregard for our citizens with student loans. That speaks volumes. … As the Trump Administration continues to attack Americans' health care,  people are still fighting back. Watch Dennis's story about his pre-existing condition:  … Through his campaigns, New Hampshire had a special chance to get to know John. He was respected across the political spectrum, and we were proud to consider him an honorary Granite Stater. He will be deeply, sorely, and forever missed. As a colleague, I deeply appreciated his willingness to look for common ground -- and the determination and humor always sparkling in John’s eyes. Tonight, we mourn John McCain, a man who embodied what it means to be an American patriot. From his service in the Navy to his years in Congress, John always fought for our country with honor and distinction. Today, I’m sharing the story of Kate from Somersworth, New Hampshire. Watch it on my Instagram here:  pic.twitter.com/Rz8TExEdm1 I'm proud to recognize Positive Street Art as this month's Granite Staters of the Month for their mural and work to remember those lost to the substance misuse crisis. Read more about their work here: … We must keep fighting back against attacks on Americans' health care. Today, I sat down with Granite Staters who shared their personal health care stories, and you can see their stories too on my Instagram account. Follow along:pic.twitter.com/uzBttcF17o We must get to the bottom of Rudy Giuliani’s potential conflicts of interest that may have helped Purdue Pharma, which was under criminal investigation for the fraudulent marketing of OxyContin, get off too easy for its role in fueling the opioid crisis. … John McCain is a true American hero and we will never be able to thank him enough for his courage and service to our nation. We are all sending John, Cindy, and the entire McCain family our love and prayers. … I voted to pass a bipartisan funding bill that invests in our national defense, provides additional funding to combat the opioid crisis, strengthens workforce training, and more. Read my full statement: … The funding bill we just passed ensures that the significant increase in funding we secured for New Hampshire to help fight the opioid crisis continues next year. We need to get this to the President’s desk without delay. Once again, Senate Republicans are voting to defund Planned Parenthood and interfere with a woman's fundamental right to make her own health care choices. These ridiculous attacks must stop. I’ve heard from students and teachers across New Hampshire who tell me they just want to feel safe in their classrooms. What they do NOT want is Secretary DeVos’s dangerous plan to use federal funds to arm teachers. I will do everything I can to stop this. Step 1: Read about how @realDonaldTrump is prioritizing fossil fuel companies and putting our health, economy, and environment at risk.      Step 2: Make your voices heard. We will not stand for this. … Synthetic drugs continue to exacerbate the deadly substance misuse crisis that is ravaging communities across New Hampshire and the entire country. I introduced a bill to help better inform our approach to protect young people from these dangerous drugs: … Given the news of criminal acts committed by the President's closest advisers, it is more important than ever that we have access to all of Judge Kavanaugh’s records, especially those relating to checks on the President’s power. Until then his hearings should not move forward. Yesterday, I was pleased to meet with Dr. Droegemeier, the nominee to lead the Office of Science and Technology Policy. This nomination was long overdue and it's deeply concerning that the office has been without a leader for so long.pic.twitter.com/S7BWWYGxtr This is an outrage on so many levels. … .@SenateMajLdr and my Republican colleagues must have the courage to put country before party by immediately taking up and passing bipartisan legislation to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. To recap, a number of @realDonaldTrump’s closest circle of advisors have either pleaded guilty or been found guilty of serious criminal charges. This includes his:     * Campaign chairman * Personal lawyer * National Security Advisor * Deputy campaign chair * Campaign advisor The Trump Administration is giving coal plants free rein to pollute our air at the expense of our economy, our quality of life, and the health of our citizens. This is no surprise considering President Trump put a fossil fuel lobbyist in charge of developing this new rule. … This is what happens when you place a career lobbyist and attorney for the fossil fuel and energy industries in charge of our nation's air quality. … Thanks for having me this morning, @MITREcorp. I enjoyed learning more about the critical research and development work you do that helps keep Granite Staters and all Americans safe.pic.twitter.com/ESfNPPJNqR Cpl. Jonathan Currier of Hampton bravely served to keep us safe, secure, and free. My heart goes out to the Currier family and his unit during this extremely difficult time.  … The revelations that several of Donald Trump's wealthy friends improperly dictated policy & personnel decisions at VA & used the department to advance their personal and business interests are alarming … Too many Granite State families are working hard and doing all the right things, but still struggle with the skyrocketing cost of rent. They deserve relief. Read my op-ed on how I’m working to expand opportunity by making rent more affordable: … Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Concord High School’s beloved principal Gene Connolly. Tom and my thoughts are with his family and the entire Concord High community. Every single life lost to the devastating opioid crisis is one too many. These estimates continue to show that the opioid epidemic remains our country’s most pressing public health challenge. We cannot stop working to address it. … We are calling on the VA Inspector General to open an investigation into these reports and allegations. Our veterans deserve better than this.pic.twitter.com/7O7IkPMHXL Recent reports indicate that President Trump is letting his friends at Mar-a-Lago, who have no experience in the military or government, make decisions at the VA that impact millions of veterans. @SenDuckworth and I are calling for answers. … This week, Social Security turned 83. For 83 years hard-working Americans earned the program throughout their careers. Rather than protect Social Security, House Republicans want to slash funding for it to pay for their reckless tax law that is projected to balloon the deficit. We have a duty to shield our brave service members from predatory lending and financial fraud. Recent reports have indicated that the Trump Administration is failing to uphold this duty, and we are calling on them to do so:pic.twitter.com/LsykcraUOU The siloed response from the Trump Administration to child welfare is simply unacceptable. We must do everything we can to ensure that these children are safe when they come into our country. Far too many are unaccounted for and vulnerable to abuse. … Senate investigations have found that the federal agencies responsible for the protection of these children have deficiencies that leave unaccompanied minors vulnerable to human trafficking. Today we held a hearing to help hold these agencies accountable.pic.twitter.com/9QJxt8clLf Aretha Franklin gave voice to the full range of human experience and human potential, connecting us to a deeper truth and to each other, and demanding dignity for all. Thank you Aretha for sharing your gift. Today, when hundreds of newspapers across the country are decrying the President's attacks on the press, I asked @AjitPaiFCC a yes or no question: do you believe the President’s rhetoric is harmful to the values enshrined in the First Amendment of the United States Constitution?pic.twitter.com/v70sBLfntR According to the @CFPB 43 million Americans have overdue medical debt on their credit reports and our commonsense bill would prevent medical debt from continuing to damage people's credit scores after it has been paid off. Read more about our bill here: … The last thing people should have to worry about when they become sick or get injured is how that unforeseen hardship will impact their credit scores. I'm joining my colleagues in introducing legislation to help ease the burden of medical debt that has impacted too many Americans JUST IN: US Senate passes resolution with unanimous consent by voice vote that “affirms that the press is not the enemy of the people” and “reaffirms the vital and indispensable role that the free press serves” and “condemns the attacks on the institution of the free press.”pic.twitter.com/uK8DvhsXie Today, I am questioning the Federal Communications Chairman @AjitPaiFCC in a Senate Commerce Committee hearing. Watch live:  … Led by the @BostonGlobe, nearly 350 newspapers today are publishing editorials decrying the President’s attacks on the #FreePress. Let's stand with them and be clear: the press is not the enemy of the people, it is a crucial pillar of our democracy. … Well said. This is an extremely disturbing attempt to stifle free speech and dissent. … We fought to change the way federal funds for combating the deadly opioid crisis are allocated because states like NH with higher mortality rates weren't getting their fair share. I'm pleased that state officials are now applying for that funding. … It's great news that @NOAA will be reimbursing New Hampshire's fishermen for burdensome at-sea monitoring fees. I have long fought against imposing such costs on our fishing industry, which is vital to our state's history & economy.pic.twitter.com/mlXpdHCekv Health Care for the Homeless Manchester provides vital health care to some of our most vulnerable people. I was grateful to be there today for National Health Center Week & to discuss the critical work of community health centers across our state to build a stronger, healthier NHpic.twitter.com/VQxuEW5fTF Pleased to see this bipartisan bill signed into law to help ensure that the brave Americans who defend our nation have the resources and support they need, including those at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. … We must support our veterans and their families in civilian life, not threaten their financial livelihood. I’m deeply troubled the Trump Admin is considering weakening protections for veterans from fraud and predatory lending.  As Governor, I was proud to work with Revision to show them all the great benefits of bringing their innovative business to New Hampshire, and I was thrilled to participate in the ceremonial groundbreaking of their new facility in Portsmouth today.pic.twitter.com/YIAsvT7yvj One year ago, Heather Heyer was killed while standing up to the evil white supremacism on display in Charlottesville, VA. We cannot simply mourn Heather’s loss. To truly honor her memory, we must carry on her fight against the forces of racism and hate.pic.twitter.com/JkND7j6TF0 For a refresher on how Betsy DeVos is supporting shady, for-profit colleges at the expense of our students, check out my Medium post … This action is one of the most egregious examples of @BetsyDeVosED putting the interests of predatory for-profit colleges over those of defrauded students. I will work to block this shameful giveaway. … Congratulations to NH's Goffstown Junior Baseball Little League team on your big win today against Connecticut   Good luck to all of the players tomorrow as they represent New Hampshire in the semi-final round of the New England Regional Tournament against Rhode Island! We must do more to improve and strengthen the VA system in NH. Today, I led our NH delegation in urging VA Secretary Wilkie to swiftly implement the recommendations of the VA NH task force and invited him to visit our veterans in the state … The stories of these women have inspired countless young girls, especially girls of color, to reach for the stars and become engaged in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math). This recognition is long overdue. Dr. Christine Darden’s work revolutionized aeronautic design.pic.twitter.com/I9STCJs24N Mary Jackson was the first African American woman to become an engineer for NASA.pic.twitter.com/KrSAmkeYSe Dorothy Vaughn was the first African American supervisor at the agency that eventually became NASA.pic.twitter.com/hBDx6qrc8o Katherine Johnson helped calculate the trajectories for multiple NASA space missions, including NH’s own Alan Shepard’s Freedom 7 mission – the first human spaceflight by an American.pic.twitter.com/yqYpfWLOyO I am honored to help introduce a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, Mary Jackson, and Dr. Christine Darden – the 'hidden figures' of the space race. The Sinclair-Tribune merger posed a serious threat to the future of local journalism. Thanks to everyone who has spoken out - I’m pleased the parties are backing down from this proposal. … Last night @nhchronicle highlighted Camp Inter-Actions, a summer camp in NH for the blind & visually impaired where young people share in a traditional summer camp experience. Programs like this help to build a more inclusive NH. … The lack of transparency from the fund set up to pay the legal fees of the President’s allies who are involved in the special counsel investigation underscores the need for more oversight. @officeGovEthics must review its earlier guidance of this fund  “I touch the future. I teach.” These wise words by Christa McAuliffe still ring true today. Broadcasting her lost lessons from space is a great way to honor her memory and encourage the next generation of educators and scientists. … Leaving decisions about the health care of millions of veterans up to President Trump’s friends at Mar-a-Lago, who have no experience in the U.S. military or government, insults the sacrifices our veterans have made and threatens their care. … Fast and reliable internet is critical for our people and businesses to thrive. That is why @SenCoryGardner and I co-authored the bipartisan AIRWAVES Act that will help close the urban-rural digital divide and improve our wireless broadband infrastructure … Education Secretary Betsy DeVos does not put students first. Here’s how she's been helping shady and predatory for-profit colleges at the expense of our students: … This truly embodies the best of New Hampshire. Thank you to these brave Granite State fire fighters for volunteering to help battle the wildfires out West. … Don’t be fooled by the headlines, big pharma has taken no meaningful action to lower drug prices for patients. These “nothing-burger steps” are all for show. It's time to get serious about lowering drug prices. … We must fight back against the dangerous partisan attacks on Medicare and Medicaid. … This is Granite Stater CPL Sylvio Chouinard's Purple Heart, which I was honored to present him for his service during the Korean War. We can never truly repay the sacrifices of veterans like CPL Chouinard, but we must try. On #NationalPurpleHeartDay, let us honor them.pic.twitter.com/Ar6HqrWaCY The right to vote is the foundation of our democracy. President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act 53 years ago today, but with its protections weakened by the Supreme Court and with ongoing efforts to disenfranchise voters in NH and across America, this fight is far from over.pic.twitter.com/btjsTnFTCv Happy 228th birthday to the United States Coast Guard and thank you to the men and women who help keep our waters and our country safe. #cg228pic.twitter.com/VHeU3mO52J Happy 250th, Seabrook! Thank you for letting me be part of the celebration. pic.twitter.com/hDseINcBsK Affordable housing is critical to both the health of our economy and quality of life in NH. I appreciated the opportunity today to tour Casimir Place in Nashua and talk to local leaders about how we can expand affordable housing in our state.pic.twitter.com/vvo0wgTrdh Severe Weather warnings in the southern NH, including a tornado warning in Cheshire County. Seek shelter in an interior room or basement, if you are in these areas. #NHwx #ReadyNH Cyberattacks threaten everything from our elections to utilities, and even small businesses – putting people's livelihoods and privacy at risk. I'm pleased a bipartisan bill I cosponsored to help protect our small businesses has passed Congress. … What an inspiring story and a reminder for everyone to find ways to include those who experience disabilities in their lives. It means so much to people like the Edwards family when we act to make our world a more inclusive place. … Eliminating security screenings at small airports would be a threat to our national security. Every traveler deserves to be safe – no matter the airport they use. This is a horrible idea and I will work to stop this policy. … Numerous outside experts have condemned the Office of Government Ethics  guidance, and we agree. This fund lacks transparency and could influence witness testimony in the Russia investigation. We're calling on the new director of the ethics office to review this problematic fund.pic.twitter.com/1Q4FdQ8PZN Both donors and recipients could be shielded from public disclosure, raising questions like which Trump personnel are getting donations and from who or what entity? Are the donations ethical or legal? It is impossible to know. This sketchy fund allows people to make unlimited contributions, and it's impossible to know the donors who are paying the legal fees of Trump associates being investigated by the special counsel. In February, the Office of Government Ethics okayed a shady fund that will help pay the legal fees of White House staff and Trump personnel involved in the Russia investigation. … This is completely backward. The Trump Administration continues to prioritize lining the pockets of corporate special interests and big oil over our people, our economy, and our environment. … The White House Office of Science and Technology plays an important role on everything from national security to the economy. I've been calling on @POTUS to nominate a leader for more than a year, and I'm glad we're finally seeing some progress. … I introduced a bipartisan bill with @SenatorHassan in order to bolster #cybersecurity by requiring DHS to make permanent the Cyber Incident Response Teams to protect the US from cyber attacks in both the private and public sectors.   Members of both parties are demanding answers on why families that were separated at the border have not been reunited.pic.twitter.com/PL1Jg2U41R 2017 was among the three warmest years in recorded history. This is dire. We cannot wait – we must act NOW to combat climate change. … This isn't the first time the Trump Administration has tried to sabotage our health care system. Need a refresher? Here's a list of some of the many ways they have been attacking Americans' health care and raising costs: … The Trump Administration's action to allow junk insurance plans will increase health care costs and undermine critical consumer protections, including protections for people with pre-existing conditions such as cancer, diabetes, or asthma. … State Rep. Bob Walsh Jr. was a dedicated public servant, a tireless advocate for Manchester, and a friend to many across our state. He will be missed. Tom and I send our condolences to the entire Walsh family during this difficult time. LIVE: I'm on the Senate floor for the 53rd anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid to highlight why it is so important we protect these programs that millions of Americans depend on.  … The many natural disasters over the past year are a reminder of how critical the National Flood Insurance program is to protecting people's homes and livelihoods. Today the Senate voted to extend this important program. It is unthinkable that starting tomorrow, the Trump Administration would allow the release of blueprints for printing 3D guns, which dangerous individuals could make at home and could be undetectable by metal detectors. I'm cosponsoring legislation to stop this. I'm pleased to announce that the North Border Regional Commission has awarded nearly $3 million in federal funding to help spur community development in New Hampshire. Read more about what the funding will be used for here: … This bill will direct @DHSgov to make their existing cyber response teams permanent, and encourage collaboration with the private sector to help respond to cyberattacks and stop them from happening in the first place. Read more about our bill here: … Reports of recent attacks from Russian hackers on our electric utility companies are the latest example of the cyber threats our nation faces every day. I'm introducing a bill with @senrobportman to bolster cybersecurity. … The Trump Administration is trying to prevent women from receiving comprehensive information about their reproductive health and block women from getting care at places like Planned Parenthood. Here's how you can leave a public comment: … I have seen firsthand how important career and technical education programs are in New Hampshire. I am pleased that President Trump signed a bipartisan bill into law today that will strengthen and extend these programs, helping our people and businesses. … Washington Republicans have already given corporate special interests and the wealthiest few massive tax breaks in their tax bill, and now the President is eyeing $100 billion in ADDITIONAL tax breaks for the ultra-wealthy. Ridiculous. … Today is the 53rd anniversary of Medicaid and Medicare, which cover more than 120 million Americans combined. Washington Republicans are trying to slash Medicaid and Medicare to pay for massive tax breaks for corporate special interests – we cannot let that happen. Ken Roos cared passionately about our state and never stopped working to make it a better place for all our people. It was an honor to work with him, he will be dearly missed. … The Trump Administration's efforts to sabotage our nation's health care system and raise costs haven't stopped. We must keep fighting back. … It's been one year since we defeated a Trumpcare bill that would have stripped away health care from millions of Americans. But since then, the Trump Administration has been sabotaging our health care system. Here's how: … Great news! The House of Representatives passed companion legislation to @marcorubio and my bipartisan VETS OPP Act, which will prioritize educational and employment services at the VA that help our veterans succeed. It was wonderful to see retired Air Force Master Sergeant Lee Hirtle today. Master Sergeant Hirtle has sounded “Taps” over 3,650 times across the northeast and it was my honor to be able to recognize him as June's Granite Stater of the Month for his dedication to our veterans.pic.twitter.com/4tUBBJCmqi Honored to attend today’s ceremony marking the 65th anniversary of the Korean War armistice at the New Hampshire State Veterans Cemetery. Let's all take a moment to thank those who have served in Korea and to remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice.pic.twitter.com/MWtnzZWXug The shortage of affordable housing is a major challenge across our state and this federal grant is an important step to help expand affordable housing in Portsmouth. … I remember a year ago, when at 1:29 a.m. we defeated an effort to raise costs and take away health care from millions of Americans. But that victory was short lived -- the Trump Administration has not stopped their ceaseless efforts to sabotage our country's health care system.pic.twitter.com/cb6pnzt3DG International trade, when done right, can create jobs and spur economic growth. I spoke with the Granite State District Export Council about the importance of trade for NH businesses and @POTUS’ trade policies, which are already negatively impacting many businesses in our state.pic.twitter.com/IIRKhfPVlY The Administration's domestic gag rule will bar health care providers from giving women accurate information about their reproductive health and undermine family planning programs millions rely on. We're calling on @HHSGov to give the public more time to weigh in.pic.twitter.com/okQnoWkZmp One of the best things about New Hampshire is how engaged Granite Staters are in civic life, and it was great to see these young leaders yesterday from the @ALBoysNation and @ALAforVeterans Girls Nation who came to DC to learn about the federal government. Thanks for stopping by!pic.twitter.com/33lWTLSYAB Doesn’t get better than New Hampshire Day with Tom at Fenway. Let’s go @redsox #DirtyWaterpic.twitter.com/KhXqurln9W We need more transparency, not less, when it comes to money in politics. Today, I helped introduce legislation to stop the Trump Administration from working to further conceal the identities of secret dark money donors. … Fixing our aging water infrastructure is critical to ensuring safe drinking water for people. This federal funding will help address and prevent water contamination. … We need to crack down on counterfeit pills, which often contain dangerous synthetic drugs such as fentanyl. I introduced the bipartisan STEER Act in the Senate with @BillCassidy to provide more oversight of the machines that manufacture pills: … On the 28th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, I am profoundly grateful for everyone who made it possible for families like mine to feel like any other family because my son could be included in our community. There's more work to do, let's keep fighting. #ADA28pic.twitter.com/xNTzpCjfrp Thank you to the children who came to the Capitol today, on the court-ordered deadline for the Trump Administration to reunite the children who were forcibly separated from their parents, to remind everyone that families belong together.pic.twitter.com/yOaVMUvPr2 .@BetsyDeVosED continues to hurt our students. Our young people are struggling with higher college debt than any other generation and yet she is cutting billions in relief.  … So-called "pharmacy gag clauses" keep pharmacists from telling you if there's a cheaper way to buy the prescriptions you need -- that is not right. Today, I voted to advance bipartisan legislation to stand with consumers and end this ridiculous practice. … As the saying goes, it takes a village. In Salem, NH, Dianne Paquette -- our July Granite Stater of the Month helps organize that “village," dedicating her time and efforts to improving her community. Read more about her efforts for Salem: … Workers deserve the right to collectively bargain and fight for good wages and good benefits. Today, I'm standing with workers and against this Administration's anti-union crusade. #RedForFeds There is no justifiable reason for delaying a vote that could help save lives and combat the opioid crisis. … First the Trump Administration separated children from their families. Now, it appears the Administration has deported some of these parents without their children. This is unconscionable. We need answers NOW on how all of these families will be reunited. … The Trump Administration has not let up on their attacks on women's reproductive health. Their domestic gag rule is an affront to a woman's right to make her own health care choices. #NoGagRule We have come a long way since the Americans with Disabilities Act was passed 28 years ago, but we have far more work to do to ensure that people who experience disabilities are fully included in their communities. Thank you @NCILAdvocacy for all of your critical work. #ADA28pic.twitter.com/GoB0N5NULl No survivor of sexual abuse should ever be disparaged. I am appalled that Michigan State’s Interim President – despite overwhelming evidence – doubted and disrespected Rachael Denhollander, a survivor of Larry Nassar’s abuse.pic.twitter.com/dMs3Y2GCkP Thank you to all of the survivors of Larry Nassar's abuse who continue to speak out and tell your stories. From the ESPY’s last week to the Capitol today, you are making a difference to help prevent future abuse.pic.twitter.com/kBP0jMGOCD .@POTUS started a trade war that is hurting people’s livelihoods. We need an actual strategy to help our farmers and small businesses, not just an attempt to paper over the President’s manufactured crises. … As a member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I will work across party lines to get to the bottom of this and to keep our country safe, secure, and free. This reinforces that Russia seems to be positioning itself to carry out crippling attacks on our critical infrastructure that could evade some of our existing cyber defenses and thereby threaten the safety of our people and the security of our country. … I also visited Pinkerton Academy's summer camp that focuses on career and technical training for young people. Read my op-ed about the importance of CTE programs and how this bill will help our economy: … The number one thing I hear from businesses is the need for more highly-skilled workers. Recently, I visited businesses across New Hampshire and spoke with them about the importance of strengthening CTE programs in our state.pic.twitter.com/PyOe3ayREX I'm pleased that the Senate unanimously passed a bipartisan bill to strengthen career and technical education tonight – a bill that will help improve workforce development and technical training across the country. Having reviewed Mr. Wilkie’s qualifications and met personally with him, I believe that Mr. Wilkie is ready to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/ZOkjraeOc1 The Trump Administration is putting Deodonne's family at risk by threatening protections for pre-existing conditions. … The results of the GOP tax bill so far 🡒 Massive gains for wealthy executives and shareholders, and a decrease in real wages for hard-working Americans. … We can't stop speaking out. It’s critical that we share the stories about what the Trump Administration’s health care sabotage that’s raising costs means for you. Share your story here:  Kate, a small business owner in New Hampshire, has Type 1 diabetes. The Trump Administration is attacking protections for pre-existing conditions and failing to address the high cost of the prescription drugs she relies on.pic.twitter.com/JjPHuq6oRK Deodonne's family depends on having affordable, quality health insurance for her young son Bodhi -- thank you to Deodonne for coming today and continuing to speak out about the importance of care for her family. … Families in New Hampshire and across our country cannot afford the Trump Administration's continued efforts to sabotage our health care system. @SenatorShaheen and I are speaking out against these reckless attacks that raise costs for consumers.pic.twitter.com/XDervgcDsV Happy race weekend to everyone at Loudon! … Yes, you heard that correctly. @POTUS' own intelligence chief was kept in dark about Putin’s White House invite. We don’t even know what was said at the first meeting, there’s no way there should be a second one. … People across New Hampshire and the country are scrambling to afford the high costs of living, including rent. I joined in introducing the Rent Relief Act to create a refundable tax credit that would help bring to relief to people who pay a large portion of their income to rent.pic.twitter.com/DWK3Y558xS Caving to China and ZTE will make our country less safe. … Thank you for continuing to push this issue, @SenatorShaheen. We need to know what @POTUS and Putin agreed to in their meeting. … The Trump Administration has less than a week to meet a court-ordered deadline to reunite the families who were forcibly separated, yet the vast majority of families remain apart. This is unacceptable. … Anyone who thinks New Hampshire isn't a swing state clearly hasn't seen my staff's softball team play.pic.twitter.com/NcJlxpwOwm Today, Ryan Bounds' nomination for the 9th Circuit Court was rightfully withdrawn because of his past writings. This underscores just how critical it is that the White House produces all of Judge Kavanaugh's records so that he can get the full scrutiny a #SCOTUS nominee requires. Why wasn't @HHSGov able meet the deadline to reunite toddlers and infants with their families? How is HHS going to reunite the remaining children with their parents?   We need answers NOW from the Administration:pic.twitter.com/ey2AkhKOCq When we think of summer camp, we may not immediately think of coding, robotics, and woodworking – but we should. Read my op-ed about the importance of expanding career and technical education programs across New Hampshire and the entire country: … The Trump Administration is attacking the protections millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions rely on. Here's how pic.twitter.com/Cv4W4nOepP .@SecAzar, it is not an act of "generosity and charity" to traumatize children by keeping them separated from their families. It is a dark stain on the history of our country. … Our intelligence professionals – and members of both parties – agree that Russia has not stopped targeting our democracy. With his continued denials, @realDonaldTrump is only inviting further attacks. … Members of both parties voted to save #NetNeutrality in the Senate. Now, the fight to preserve a free and open internet is gaining momentum with the first House Republican joining the fight. We must keep speaking out. … This isn’t the first time we’ve seen shady ties between the Trump Administration and big pharma. I raised this concerning issue during a hearing yesterday, and I’ll keep doing everything I can to hold big pharma accountable. … The New Hampshire State Veterans Cemetery is a solemn and beautiful memorial to those who have served. I'm so pleased that they received a federal grant to help beautify and expand the resting place of our brave men and women who have sacrificed in defense of our freedoms.pic.twitter.com/OEk0t8lFYD As a member of the committee that oversees @HHSGov, I am taking every opportunity I can to speak out and demand that the Trump Administration take action to reunite the families that remain separated.pic.twitter.com/C4YktZlA4N There is no doubt that @realDonaldTrump meant it when he said "I hold both countries responsible" for Russia attacking our democracy. If you think otherwise, I have a bridge to sell you in Moscow. New Hampshire children and all Americans must be better protected from cancer risks – a recent CDC study showed that our state has the highest pediatric cancer rate in the country. I'm calling on @HHSGov to examine what factors are contributing to this high rate in our state.pic.twitter.com/gAkT96BzqZ Our campaign finance system is broken, and part of fixing that broken system requires providing more oversight about secret big money donors. Yet the Trump Administration is trying to scrap some of the little oversight our system has. This is wrong. … President Trump claimed that drug prices would magically fall during his presidency. The reality? He gave drug companies a massive tax break and prescription drug prices have skyrocketed. … Everyone should read this. … If the President of the United States won't defend our country against foreign attacks, then Congress must step in and act. This transcends party. We must come together across party lines to hold Russia accountable and protect our democracy. … New Hampshire's proud record of service dates back to our founders, like Nicholas Gilman whose service and key part in both our state's and country's founding is being recognized by a new memorial. As we honor him, let's remember all those who have fought for our country.pic.twitter.com/gzPRBWX5B1 New Hampshire maple producers drive tourism, help create jobs, and are a part of our state’s identity. I joined the Annual Maple Sugar Producers Association meeting today to discuss how we can continue to support their work.pic.twitter.com/W3sYVGmOsE Here's to the 200 years that the eagle has stood proudly on top of the New Hampshire State House dome!pic.twitter.com/BRxQyQFiu1 Hopefully I captured a bit of the Granite State in the beer I brewed yesterday with the brewmaster at @AnheuserBusch Merrimack brewery as part of the Brew Across America competition. Thanks for having me! … It was great to visit LTC Partners in Portsmouth, an innovative business that’s creating good jobs in NH. I’m particularly grateful for LTC’s work to support veterans – both by connecting veterans to their hard-earned benefits and through LTC’s partnership with Veterans Count.pic.twitter.com/ZIKqkiWPLd We must hold Russia accountable for these egregious attacks on the foundation of our democracy.  Governor Sununu is breaking his word by signing this shameful attempt at partisan voter suppression into law, which is a giant step backward for our state and has the potential to strip the right to vote from thousands of Granite Staters. … My full statement on today’s meeting with VA Secretary nominee Robert Wilkie: … I appreciated the opportunity to meet with VA Secretary nominee Robert Wilkie, I'm encouraged by our discussion about his commitment to the health & well-being of our veterans. I will continue to review his record & I urge the full Senate to take up his nomination without delay.pic.twitter.com/4ljKTIJNxT New Hampshire will receive $5 million in federal funding for job training for those impacted by the opioid crisis. Those who are struggling with addiction need access to both treatment and also support to help get their lives back on track. … Former EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt needed to resign, but a change in leadership at the EPA should not interrupt efforts to protect our citizens from PFAS chemicals in drinking water. We wrote to @EPAAWheeler calling on him to prioritize this critical issue for New Hampshire.pic.twitter.com/YalwAUzz12 Disappointed in the New Hampshire Supreme Court's advisory opinion on House Bill 1264, which would potentially disenfranchise thousands of Granite Staters and effectively create a virtual poll tax to access the ballot. I urge @GovChrisSununu to stick to his word and veto it. Today I voted to urge House and Senate leaders to finalize the extension of the National Flood Insurance Program. The many natural disasters over the past year are a reminder of how critical this program is to protect people's homes and livelihoods. It must be extended. No matter the field – we know that when we include diverse voices, including the voices of women, we have better outcomes for all of us. That's why the work of @_GlobalWIN to support women in innovation is so important, thank you for all you do.pic.twitter.com/9spLQfovyz Yesterday, the Senate voted in an overwhelmingly bipartisan manner to reaffirm the United States’ commitment to NATO. Not even 24 hours later, the President is undermining this critical alliance that helps us defend our nation and keep our adversaries in check. Happy #AllAmericanPetPhotoDay from our office dog Piper and me!pic.twitter.com/MlrGN7Azh9 Climate change is having real impacts all across our nation and I'm thankful for @CleanAirMoms for all they do to fight for our children and our environment, I’m proud to stand with you. … President Trump isn’t stopping his attacks on people’s health care. Now, he is slashing efforts to inform people about their coverage options while pushing consumers toward junk plans without critical protections. … Not only did the Trump Administration miss today's deadline to reunite the more than 100 children under 5 who were separated from their families, @POTUS’s comments show there’s still not a real plan to reunite the thousands of other children of all ages who remain separated. … One of the impacts of our nation's opioid epidemic is that more grandparents have become the primary caregivers to their grandchildren. Yesterday, the president signed a bipartisan bill I cosponsored to help give these grandparents the support they need … In the course of keeping us safe, our fire fighters are often exposed to harmful chemicals. I'm glad that President Trump signed this important bipartisan bill that I cosponsored to help promote the health and safety of our fire fighters. … The Northern Border Regional Commission provides critical support to boost economic and community development and job creation in New Hampshire. I met with NBRC program director Christine Frost today about how we can continue to support those efforts in our state.pic.twitter.com/DFoAnAcG3T I hear from businesses across New Hampshire about their need for more highly-skilled workers. @SNHU has been a true leader in higher education innovation through its College for America model, which helps give students the firsthand experience they need.pic.twitter.com/XClmJaWdMd The President created a crisis by separating children from the families at the border, and now his Administration is failing to meet a court-ordered deadline to reunite the more than 100 children under five years old with their families. This is completely unacceptable. … My statement on President Trump's nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court:pic.twitter.com/25a7vKumBq Any new Supreme Court justice must stand up for the rights of ALL Americans, not  just serve corporate special interests and the powerful few. … Tonight, President Trump will name his nominee for the new Supreme Court justice. This is just some of #WhatsAtStake:   Reproductive rights Health care The environment  LGBTQ equality Civil rights President Trump is continuing his relentless sabotage of our health care system and raising costs for consumers. This madness must stop. … So many things are wrong here: from the Trump Administration’s open hostility toward women's and children’s health, to the lengths they will go to protect corporate special interests. … Some great craftsmanship happening at Pinkerton Academy's Career and Technical Education summer camp, it's great to see these kids getting to learn hands-on skills. I'm working to pass a CTE bill that will help support programs like this camp.pic.twitter.com/0gVFeOpLQ3 Today I met with health care providers and staff of the Cheshire Medical Center and spoke with them about the important role the hospital plays in combating the devastating fentanyl, heroin, and opioid epidemic in the region.pic.twitter.com/oSu2GkOkHA It is great to see so much hard work come to fruition. I can't wait to see what ideas come out of Claremont MakerSpace, unleashing the creative energy and talents inside each one of us is what gives way to new business ideas and helps our economy thrive.pic.twitter.com/xTXoLQ2m31 Great day visiting Williams & Hussey Machine Co. in Amherst. State employers like these need a skilled and technically trained workforce and I'm glad to support bills like the CTE reauthorization to help in these efforts.pic.twitter.com/8hky1mgxFi I'm pleased to announce that @UofNH Institute on Disability received a $73,000 grant from @HUDgov to research the quality of life among HUD-assisted residents who experience disabilities. This grant is an important step forward in building a stronger, more inclusive New Hampshire Today I met with members of the Coast Guard to hear about the vital role they play in keeping our waters safe. Thank you for all that you do to keep us safe, secure, and free.pic.twitter.com/LOT87dEy4O Scott Pruitt abused taxpayer dollars & his position while pursuing an anti-environment agenda that threatened the health & safety of our environment & people. His resignation is long overdue. I urge the President to change course & nominate an EPA leader who will put people first There’s no better way to spend the Fourth of July than witnessing our friends and neighbors become American citizens at the Strawbery Banke naturalization ceremony in Portsmouth.pic.twitter.com/PCkoQQsupa “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal...”   242 years ago, our nation was founded on the concept that everyone counts – a value that is still the heart of our nation. We must continue working to fulfill that ideal. Happy #FourthofJuly, America!pic.twitter.com/inHOH3AC4V Great to visit Mas-Con site in Concord today to discuss how CTE programs support our workforce and businesses in New Hampshire. Legislation like the bipartisan CTE bill we just passed out of the HELP Committee will improve career and technical education programs in New Hampshirepic.twitter.com/1VTAky5zVk A single justice could make all the difference in maintaining Roe v. Wade. An anti-choice justice could unravel that and undo a woman’s right to make choices about her own body. Any nominee for the Supreme Court must be committed to protecting the reproductive rights of women. During today’s visit, I was especially touched by a wreath, made of butterflies folded from the printed obituaries of our veterans who have passed at the hospice. A beautiful way to honor their memory and sacrifice.pic.twitter.com/Z91FLOk7zz New Hampshire's veterans have sacrificed bravely to defend our freedom and we must ensure that they get the care they need and have earned. Visiting the VA Regional Office in Bedford, MA today to discuss the importance of continuing to improve care and support for our veterans.pic.twitter.com/XBSv5Hn6Rq Busy morning at @UPS in Nashua, they had the trucks loaded and ready to go by 8:30! Thanks for having me and for all you do for our state’s economy.pic.twitter.com/m7xyUF97K8 During my time as governor, we came together across party lines to establish & reauthorize Medicaid expansion because it was right for the health & well-being of Granite Staters & for our economy. I thank the General Court and Governor Sununu for continuing this important program Last week, the EPA held a community engagement event in NH, Granite Staters spoke out, raising their concerns about PFAS chemicals in their drinking water. We are calling on Scott Pruitt to address their concerns and take immediate action to protect people from these chemicals.pic.twitter.com/Czl2WFY1RS June's Granite Stater of the Month, Retired Air Force Master Sergeant Lee Hirtle, decided he wanted to honor veterans who have passed, so he dusted off an old trumpet and taught himself to play "Taps." He has now played at over 3,600 military funerals.  …pic.twitter.com/azo7FqvxQn My statement on voting to approve the bipartisan farm bill, which will help support New Hampshire's agricultural industry while investing in our rural communities: … My heart is with all those impacted by the shooting at the Capital Gazette. Once again people have been murdered in a senseless act of mass gun violence -- and yet again we say enough. It is beyond time to act to combat gun violence in our country. Separating children from their families is outrageous and cruel. I’m pleased that the Office of Inspector General of @HHSGov heeded our calls and announced they will conduct a comprehensive review of HHS’s handling of President Trump's family separation policy.pic.twitter.com/jfAPV0RxzU Protections for pre-existing conditions are critical for millions to get the care they need. With the Trump Administration supporting a lawsuit that would get rid of these protections and a vacancy on the Supreme Court, now more than ever we must fight for Americans' health care.pic.twitter.com/cLCfFYW5Wo The Senate Judiciary Committee voted to approve Chief Willard as U.S. Marshal for New Hampshire. Chief Willard has spent his career working to keep our communities in New Hampshire safe and I look forward to continuing to work together to address the challenges facing our state. I'm proud to support this bill and stand with my colleagues in the fight to protect public workers’ right to collectively bargain. … There are still more than 2,000 children separated from their parents as a result of President Trump's cruel policy of forced separation. They must be immediately reunited with their families.pic.twitter.com/ocIMWy9Yaf Given that the current President regularly disregards established  democratic norms and voices contempt for constitutional safeguards, a  strong independent judiciary is more important than ever.pic.twitter.com/KeuO8Zrm9O I believe that Supreme Court nominees should have broad support from both parties and be able to clear a 60-vote threshold. A strong and independent judiciary that is above politics and willing to stop abuses of power is more important than ever. Any nominee for Supreme Court justice must be committed to protecting the rights of all Americans – including the reproductive rights of women – not just focused on protecting corporate special interests and the powerful few. I have seen firsthand the critical importance of career and technical education programs to New Hampshire’s workforce and our economy, and this bipartisan bill takes important steps to expand opportunity and support innovative businesses. … Today’s anti-worker #SCOTUS decision is a victory for corporate special interests and a major blow to hard-working Americans. I will do everything I can to continue to fight for workers’ right to collectively bargain. … Three years ago, our country took a giant step forward in our fight for equality and inclusion for our LGBTQ friends and family. Love won and the Supreme Court legalized marriage equality across the entire nation!pic.twitter.com/HLw9RNPWOv Children should feel and be safe in their schools and communities. We need collaborative approaches like the ones the NICE program is spearheading to help address the challenges of school violence.pic.twitter.com/nWCKhNw3CD Women deserve complete and accurate information about their reproductive health care, this decision is extremely disappointing and will allow fake women's health care centers to continue their dangerous and misleading practices. … As a parent of a child who experiences disabilities, I know how hard it must be for the @LittleLobbyists to travel to D.C. to beg the President not to attack their health care. This Administration must stop trying to take away protections for people with pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/aXzPqTWcji President Trump’s backdoor Muslim ban has always been and remains un-American and as experts have said, makes us less safe. We must strengthen our national security while staying true to the values that make us strong. … Many Granite Staters have advocated for the health and safety of their families and neighbors when it comes to chemicals in their drinking water, I urge everyone to continue voicing those concerns and I urge the EPA to continue to listen to them. … It is critical that New Hampshire veterans get the care they need and have earned. @SenatorShaheen and I are working to ensure that any realignment of VA facilities protects NH and would not reduce services. … Deleting the words won't change the facts: Climate change is real. Instead of burying its head in the sand, the Trump Administration must act to combat the dangerous impacts of climate change. … The Great Bay is beautiful even with a little rain. But to protect estuaries like the Great Bay and all of our state’s natural resources, we must do more to combat climate change. … Donald Hall said he was created to “love New Hampshire.” We are so grateful that he shared that love with all of us in poems that inspired, taught, and touched our hearts. May he rest in peace. We cannot forget that there are still thousands of children who are separated from their parents. Enough of this brutality, President Trump and his Administration must work to reunite these families immediately. I want to hear from you. Tell your story about what protections for pre-existing conditions mean for you and help me fight back against this Administration's attacks on health care:  The Trump Administration is trying to end protections for millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. We must continue to speak out and fight back against these reckless attacks on peoples’ health care. Seeing double this afternoon. A terrific portrait for a terrific Governor. Thank you for your service, Governor Lynch!pic.twitter.com/oIr9UzwTBl Thank you to the members of the NH American Legion and the Legion Auxiliary for having me today. You continue to set an example for us all through your commitment to supporting service members, your fellow veterans, and all Americans.pic.twitter.com/mkyPsta0xC I am extremely disappointed by the Supreme Court's ruling today, which will unfairly punish New Hampshire small businesses that are the backbone of our economy.  … It has been reported that there are no immediate plans to reunite the thousands of children who have been separated from their families. We cannot accept this continued brutality, and the President must act immediately to reunite these families.pic.twitter.com/k51U3B0bui 230 years ago today, New Hampshire became the 9th state to join the union. Wishing a very happy birthday to the Granite State!pic.twitter.com/xWG0krqAJD These past few weeks have truly been an affront to our values. Children have been taken from their families as a result of the President's policies. I'm live on the Senate floor speaking about how we must continue to stand against these abhorrent actions:  … I'm heading to the Senate floor to discuss the President's cruel policy of separating children from their families and how there are still children and parents apart tonight. We cannot accept this continued brutality.pic.twitter.com/afa2MTeTrB Thank you for your years of dedicated service to the City of Manchester, Chief and for your continued service to our country and our state as New Hampshire's next U.S. Marshal!  … LIVE: I'm hosting a forum on the state of the media and the future of the free press. From charges of "fake news" to @realDonaldTrump’s attacks, it is long past time we have a discussion about the challenges facing the press. Tune-in here:   … Looking forward to hosting discussion with @SonyaTV, @bethelmckenzie, @KateNocera , @DTLougee, and Amy Mitchell on the state of the media and the future of the free press this afternoon. You can watch live here:   Our people deserve to know about the potential health impacts of chemicals in their drinking water. I'm pleased that the Trump Administration has finally heeded our calls to release a blocked report on water contamination from PFAS chemicals. … It is this simple. The President can – and must – end family separation at the border immediately. … A free press is critical to our democracy. I'll be hosting a forum on the State of Media and the Future of the Free Press tomorrow at 1:30 PM. You can watch live here:   Over a thousand Granite Staters have contacted my office about @realDonaldTrump’s cruel policy of separating children from their families at the border. People are rightly outraged, this goes against our core values and I encourage everyone to keep speaking out. Right now the freedom of the press is under attack. Read my piece on why an attack on the press is an attack on all of us in @thehill : … Today we celebrate #Juneteenth, commemorating the end of slavery in the United States. We have made great strides in our fight for equality and inclusion, but we still have far more work to do and we can’t let up now. Over 2,000 children have been separated from their families at the border and many are being held in cages. @realDonaldTrump and his Administration must end this cruel practice immediately. From our young people to our older citizens, too many Granite Staters struggle with the rising costs of housing. I was glad to attend today's discussion on how we can work to make housing more affordable in our state.pic.twitter.com/nDwy8oauPE Thank you @MayorJoyceCraig, @todd_fahey, Dr. Cohen of @DartmouthHitch, Vanessa, and Deborah for joining me this morning to discuss the critical importance of preserving protections for pre-existing conditions and acting to lower prescription drug prices. … .@realDonaldTrump and his Administration have the ability to end this practice of separating children and parents at the border today. But until they do, I won't stop fighting this cruel policy. I am cosponsoring legislation to end it. Thank you, @laurawbush for speaking out against @realDonaldTrump’s inhumane actions of separating children from their parents at the border. This must stop. It is a policy that goes against the values that are at our very core. #KeepFamiliesTogether … Happy #FathersDay, today I'm thinking about all the things my dad taught me. I've shared a few of them here:  …pic.twitter.com/5od8K8lrh0 New Hampshire is one of the states hit hardest by the opioid crisis. I worked with @SenatorShaheen to ensure that NH will receive nearly $23 million in additional funding this year to help combat this crisis. … What do protections for pre-existing conditions mean for you and your loved ones? The Trump Administration is once again attacking health care and I need help to fight back. Your stories make all the difference. Share your health care story here:  Happy #Pride Manchester! Wonderful to see the  flying over the Queen City for the first time. … The whole country is impacted by the opioid epidemic, but some states have been hit harder than others. @SenatorShaheen & I helped make sure funding for states like New Hampshire was prioritized & secured $22.9 million in additional funding to help combat this crisis in NH.pic.twitter.com/66oY5xIyKg Your stories will be used to help show Republicans in Congress and President Trump the real-life consequences of putting politics over people when it comes to our health care. We have fought back against attacks on health care like this before, and it was people speaking up that made the difference. I'm asking Granite Staters to help me fight back again by sharing your stories about what repealing protections for pre-existing conditions means for you. Our health care is under attack — the Trump Administration is trying to take away protections for people with pre-existing conditions, and I need your help. Your stories are critical in this fight, let me know why these protections are important for you.  I'm a cosponsor and we can and must pass this bill. This policy does not represent our values. … Big news - @SenatorShaheen and I just announced that New Hampshire will receive nearly $23 million more this year from the federal government for opioid treatment efforts. See more details here: … Happy 243rd to the @USArmy! Thank you to all of the men and women who serve and help keep our nation safe, secure, and free. June is Men's Health Month, highlighting the importance of early detection and preventative treatment for men's health issues. Great to see Portsmouth and Concord helping to spread the word by issuing proclamations to designate Men's Health Month.pic.twitter.com/3vIUyhhaDi Happy Flag Day! Today we celebrate the adoption of the stars and stripes as an enduring symbol of our nation and the values of freedom and inclusion that are our core.pic.twitter.com/n4yIJ8z9Ad My full statement on the Manchester VA Task Force's final report and recommendations:pic.twitter.com/4QjftCt240 Trying to take away protections for pre-existing conditions while claiming to care that people can afford their prescription drugs is a sick joke. We cannot allow it. … Productive day today at @SenateHSGACDems, I'm pleased to announce that my DHS Data Framework Act has passed out of committee. This bill with help @DHSgov streamline access to data about terrorist threats in order to keep our people and our country safe. … I've cosponsored legislation to end the cruel policy of separating children from their parents at the border. We need to strengthen border security while remaining true to the values that make us strong. This is not the way, and it must stop. … Parents don't stop working when summer break starts and child care in the summer is far too costly for many American families. We need to do more to ensure that everyone has access to affordable child care every season of the year. #SummerCare We must do more to help prevent domestic and sexual violence and support survivors. I thank the NH Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence for meeting with me today and for all their work on this issue.pic.twitter.com/PkHRgvLEil Thank you to @RepGuthrie and @RepGeneGreen for your work to get the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act passed by the House. I'm glad the House has passed a version of my bipartisan legislation with @SenCapito to help provide those struggling with substance use disorder the comprehensive care they need. The Senate must pass this bill without delay. … .@SecAzar told @SenTinaSmith today that pharmaceutical companies don’t need to hire lobbyists. He's right.   The Trump Administration has already hired big pharma’s lobbyists and executives to write the Administration's policies.pic.twitter.com/Z1w055U7Lt The @FCC's mobile broadband maps decide where the federal government invests in expanding coverage. But the maps incorrectly claim nearly all of NH has adequate coverage. I'm glad to see work on the ground in NH to challenge these maps. More info here:  … The Administration is trying to pull the wool over the American people's eyes by paying lip service to affordable prescription drugs while gutting protections for pre-existing conditions. I will not stand for this.pic.twitter.com/gsjgoUeGyq Today we remember the 49 people who were murdered at #Pulse Nightclub in a horrific shooting. Two years later, we must #HonorThemWithAction and finally protect our people from senseless acts of gun violence. My full statement on President Trump’s meeting with Kim Jong Un  pic.twitter.com/yMpjhEvpeY The Administration is still withholding a new report they called a "public relations nightmare" about the impact of PFAS chemicals. It is past time to release the report. The public has a right to know all the facts when it comes to their drinking water and their health. Glad the @EPA is coming to New Hampshire to discuss this critical issue. The EPA needs to listen to Granite Staters and work aggressively to address concerns about #PFAS chemicals in our drinking water. … Today, #NetNeutrality ends, but the fight to save the internet does not. The Senate voted to restore these critical protections and the House must act now. Your voices are vital in this fight, don't stop speaking up for a free and open internet. Congratulations to the Granite State College class of 2018! It was wonderful to be with you today to celebrate your many successes and your journeys to this moment. I can't wait to see all that you accomplish.pic.twitter.com/PQvkiWfJ81 Today, the Equal Pay Act turns 55 and women on average still only make 80 cents for every dollar a man makes – and it is even less for women of color. It's time that comes to an end, that's why I support the Paycheck Fairness Act. What a perfect afternoon in the North Country at Wildcat Mountain. You really can't beat these views.pic.twitter.com/MbF0g839Bf Thank you to the New Hampshire Veterans of Foreign Wars for inviting me to your state convention, and to all our veterans for everything you’ve done in service to our nation.pic.twitter.com/UGpN7dKtRu Fun meeting with two constituents this afternoon on the important issues of grippy socks and nap time.pic.twitter.com/azhZuuW6S8 When women are empowered to contribute, we all benefit. We’re seeing it more and more here in the Senate. And I’m proud to be part of that. Watch highlights from my first Senate floor speech here:pic.twitter.com/2wdl3NjOpj 112 years ago President Theodore Roosevelt signed the #AntiquitiesAct - it has been used by 16 Presidents – 8 Republicans and 8 Democrats to protect important sites across the country. I am a proud supporter of #MonumentsForAll .@BetsyDeVosED, you don’t have to go all the way to Switzerland to find great Career Technical Education programs, we have them right here in New Hampshire. But your anti-public school agenda is hurting our efforts. … People from all walks of life are impacted by mental illness, they and their loved ones deserve our care. If you or someone you know needs help, you can find 24-hour support at 1-800-273-8255.   … What amazing views from the newly replaced Sarah Mildred Long Bridge. It was great to be with Maine's @SenatorCollins today to celebrate the opening of this vital link between our two states.pic.twitter.com/jYOJrCdPrb This is outrageous. After repeated failed attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act in Congress, the Trump Administration is once again trying to allow insurance companies to discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions and older Americans. … I'm pleased that the Manchester-Boston airport will receive a $6.8 million federal grant to repair two taxiways. The airport is a vital economic engine for New Hampshire, and I'll keep working to ensure that our state's transportation infrastructure meets the needs of our people. I've joined my colleagues in calling on President Trump to immediately stop the cruel policy of separating children from their families at the border. We must work to strengthen border security while remaining true to the values that make us strong.pic.twitter.com/Fi1gYWsWJG Happy National Seersucker Day from Sen. Klobuchar @SenatorHassan @BillCassidy @SenatorWicker @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @SenMikeLee & the entire U.S. Senate!pic.twitter.com/lXdjV65hEc It is important that we educate young people about substance misuse and the opioid crisis, I'm grateful for the coalition of experts who have come together to work on these youth prevention efforts. … #NetNeutrality ends in just 4 days. The Senate has already voted to protect these critical protections for consumers, and now @SpeakerRyan needs to do the right thing and let the House vote to #SaveTheInternetpic.twitter.com/IgJzjczIXc EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt must release the blocked report on the impact of PFAS chemicals. As the @EagleTrib put it, "What it has to say is important to real people, affecting our communities and our health." … UPDATE on the GOP tax law: as corporate special interests continue to reap massive benefits, a non-partisan report shows that the tax law’s changes will put seniors at risk by undermining the future of Medicare. … Great to be with @SenatorShaheen and so many Granite Staters tonight at Experience New Hampshire, showing our nation’s capital some of the great things our state has to offer.pic.twitter.com/PYCr8MGhOU We must address the pay disparity women face in every field – that includes professional sports. … I am disappointed and concerned about reports that the White House is working behind closed to doors to sink a bipartisan plan to fund the VA MISSION Act. There is bipartisan consensus that we must support our veterans, and I urge the President to join us. … The VA MISSION Act is important legislation that helps strengthen the VA system and recognizes the importance of community-based care systems like New Hampshire's. I was proud to support it and I'm pleased that it has become law today. I love traveling across New Hampshire to visit businesses and see the incredible work the people of our state do every day. I was thrilled to be with many of those business leaders today as they visit the Capitol to showcase the talent and energy New Hampshire has to offer.pic.twitter.com/bphMiy6gMX 74 years ago today, tens of thousands of brave men stormed the beaches of Normandy on #DDay to, as President Roosevelt prayed, "set free a suffering humanity." We can never repay that sacrifice, but today we honor and remember those who fought to preserve freedom. … No, @BetsyDevosED. It is NOT “erroneous information” that your department hired for-profit college executives to oversee their former employers. Those are just facts.pic.twitter.com/lwcXWtgNrB .@BetsyDeVosED says that her school safety commission created in the wake of school shootings will not study the role of guns. Students are being killed and we need action, not a sham commission. … My full statement on today's meeting with the nominee to be White House drug czar James Carroll: … Today I met with the nominee to be White House drug czar, James Carroll. I was encouraged by his commitment to treating the opioid crisis as the public health epidemic that it is. We need this role to be filled without delay, and I look forward to continuing to review his record.pic.twitter.com/slN4Z1DfBa In the United States of America we believe in equal justice under the law. No one is above the law, that means no one. … .@SenTinaSmith is right, women have a right included both in our democracy and our prosperity and we must craft public policy that helps, not hurts, participation. I'm excited to see her deliver her first speech about this on the Senate floor today. … The Senate Judiciary Committee has also already voted 14-7 for bipartisan legislation to protect the special counsel. It’s time Senator McConnell bring it to the floor for a vote. The special counsel’s investigation has already led to 17 indictments and 5 guilty pleas. Mueller must have the independence to follow the facts wherever they may lead. … Yet another report about EPA Administrator Pruitt's concerning ties to lobbyists and others with business before the agency. It's past time for Pruitt to resign.  It’s hard to be surprised by practices from the pharmaceutical industry, but this is truly horrifying: “’Behave More Sexually:’ How Big Pharma Used Strippers, Guns, and Cash to Push Opioids.” Full story from @motherjones:  These practices by the pharmaceutical industry are unconscionable: @nytimes provides an overview of what Purdue Pharma knew and when about the abuse of OxyContin as they continued to promote the drug as being less addictive.  THREAD: There’s been some really important reporting this week on the role that the pharmaceutical industry has played in creating and perpetuating the opioid crisis. I will keep doing everything I can to hold these drug companies accountable. Donating blood is easy and it saves lives. More information  … Happy #PrideMonth! This month we celebrate our LGBTQ community members and the right of all people to live without discrimination.pic.twitter.com/wcVikULc0R The Trump Administration is continuing its attacks on women's health by instituting a domestic gag rule. This rule would dismantle family planning programs that millions rely on, and would be disastrous for women in New Hampshire and across the country. … I often tell people that if you could choose just one place in New Hampshire to go to see what we stand for, it would be the veterans cemetery. It is a wonderful place to reflect and find solace, and it was an honor to participate in the ceremony there today.pic.twitter.com/N4haNigx8g Dean Kamen and the Advanced Regenerative Manufacturing Institute (ARMI) have established Manchester at the Silicon Valley of regenerative medicine, and it was incredibly exciting to welcome @ASILifeScience , a global leader in 3D bioprinting, to our state today.pic.twitter.com/ZktuRmHj1N Timken Aerospace is creating jobs in New Hampshire, manufacturing innovative products that help position our state as a leader in the aerospace industry. It was great to visit today, and I'll keep working to ensure that our innovative businesses can thrive.pic.twitter.com/KNJmQV0OiY Hanover High students invited me to join them to discuss their safety at school and gun violence. I am profoundly grateful to see these young people speaking out and fighting for change, we owe it to them to come together to make our communities safer. … It was an honor to attend today's Memorial Day ceremony at the New Hampshire Veterans Home remembering our fallen heroes with veterans who have sacrificed to keep us safe, secure, and free.pic.twitter.com/1A05XKGB5q A new report shows that at least 4,645 people died in Puerto Rico as a result of Hurricane Maria. As we continue to mourn the deaths of our fellow Americans, we need a full accounting of what has gone wrong with the federal government’s response. I will keep pushing for answers. … I joined Granite Staters in Manchester today at the VA Medical Center and the Memorial Day parade to honor our fallen heroes, their families, and loved ones as well as all our veterans and service members.pic.twitter.com/vzmWcbdaJV This Memorial Day, I am thinking about our brave service members like First Sergeant Quinn, who was killed in WWII and was finally laid to rest in New Hampshire this month. Today, we remember all those who have lost their lives defending our freedom. … Today on Memorial Day, let us come together to remember and honor those who have given their lives to keep us safe, secure, and free.pic.twitter.com/QZrPWLdawc The USS Manchester officially joined the operating forces of the U.S. Navy today! I commend @SenatorShaheen for her work to help make this commissioning possible, and thank you to all the brave women and men aboard who keep our nation safe, secure, and free.pic.twitter.com/IaggagDV4U The opioid crisis has a real, negative impact on the next generation. CADY has been a leader in youth prevention efforts for nearly two decades, I was glad to be at their summit today to hear about their continued efforts on the front lines of combating this devastating epidemic.pic.twitter.com/X0SJixyMZq Every month, my office recognizes an exceptional Granite Stater like MaKenzie. If you’d like to nominate someone, fill out the form on my website here: … When her house caught fire, second grader MaKenzie Sheehan remembered the fire safety lessons she learned in school and was able to alert her family, helping save their lives. I'm proud to recognize her as May's Granite Stater of the Month. … That’s number 3! #CUsRise We need to make sure the resources & strategies being using to combat the devastating opioid crisis are as effective as possible. That’s why I joined @SenMarkey & @lisamurkowski in intro'ing this bipartisan bill to help better measure federal progress toward combating this crisis … Today the Senate passed an important bill that will help strengthen the VA system and address issues with the VA Choice Program that I have heard about from New Hampshire veterans and providers. This bill is a good step forward, but we have far more work to do. … Sexual harassment should not be tolerated in any workplace. It is long past time that Congress overhauls its own process for protecting staff from harassment and holding those responsible accountable, and I urge members of both parties to pass this bipartisan bill without delay. … This gag rule will threaten millions of women's access to basic reproductive health care and limits the information women can get from their own doctors. This is nothing short of an attack on women's reproductive rights. … If I ever need directions, I’m asking Sean. Good luck, we’re all rooting for you in the #NatGeoBee tomorrow! … .@SenatorShaheen and I are fighting to prioritize key improvement projects for Hampton and Portsmouth harbors. Today, these projects cleared an important committee hurdle. … Harvey Milk was a trailblazer and pioneer for LGBTQ rights and today on #HarveyMilkDay I'm reminded of his words, "you have to give them hope." Let's remember that hope and continue to work toward building a more inclusive, more equal United States. Read more about our bipartisan bill and how it would help close the urban-rural divide here: … In order to compete in the 21st-century economy, we must expand broadband and mobile coverage. I am pleased that my bipartisan bill with @SenCapito to help close the urban-rural digital divide passed out of committee today. While I appreciate this announcement, I remained concerned about the Administration's commitment on this critical issue given their attempts to bar the release of a study on the impact of #PFAS and lack of scientists at a summit on the issue. They must follow through. … Not only did the @EPA withhold a study on the health impacts of #PFAS in drinking water from the public, they are barring some reporters from covering their "summit" on these issues. This is unacceptable -- the EPA can't hide from concerns about chemicals in our drinking water. … .@EPAScottPruitt needs to listen to scientists not lobbyists about chemicals in people's drinking water. … Why did the EPA meet with reps from the chemical industry right after the Trump Administration’s decision to suppress an important study on chemicals in drinking water from Congress and public? … We’re sending a special “thank you” to all #servicemembers on this #ArmedForcesDay. The day was established for citizens to come together and thank military members for their service in support of our country. #KnowYourMilpic.twitter.com/9I3guVp6ly It is long past time Congress takes meaningful action to combat gun violence. Some of my thoughts on yesterday’s shooting:  … The @BostonGlobe on @BetsyDeVosED: "Education Secretary Betsy DeVos defends those whose concerns align with her own. Unfortunately, that does not include all of the current and future students she has been charged to protect." … Such a moving ceremony this morning. The Law Enforcement Officers’ Memorial Ceremony is an important time to come together to pay tribute to our fallen heroes and recommit to supporting all of our law enforcement officials. … I led a group of over 200 members of Congress in opposition to this policy that would restrict women’s access to critical health services. But we need more people to take a stand. Your voices – and your stories – can help make the difference in this fight.pic.twitter.com/zl7drYTuoY This is an attack on a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices and it would block millions of women from getting care at places like Planned Parenthood. We must fight back. … Our hearts go out to the entire community of Santa Fe, Texas. Enough is enough: this is a horror that students and teachers should never have to face. Congress must act to prevent these senseless acts of gun violence. Thank you to these medical students for your focus on combating the opioid crisis and for helping raise awareness about my bill with @senrobportman to help get more new doctors trained to prescribe medication-assisted treatment. … Welcome home, Jerry! Thank you for your service and your incredible dedication to our veterans. … I am deeply grateful to Gina Haspel for her service to our country, but I agree with @SenJohnMcCain that her record and her perspective on torture are disqualifying and I will vote no on her nomination.pic.twitter.com/lnJLEnF5gq Today, I asked a nominee -  who would run the agency that helps set our nation's fuel efficiency standards - if she believes human-caused climate change is real and needs to be addressed.    Her answer: “I'm not a climate scientist.” … Happy 100th birthday to one of New Hampshire's most beautiful natural treasures, the White Mountain National Forest.   … The Senate just voted to restore #NetNeutrality. This wouldn't have been possible if the American people hadn't spoken up -- now the House must pass this bill and stand with us to save the internet. Your energy helped make this Senate vote to restore #netneutrality happen. Keep speaking out! … The Senate is voting today on a measure to restore #NetNeutrality, and I'm live on the Senate floor urging my colleagues to vote to protect a free and open internet.  … I'm heading to the Senate floor to speak about why #NetNeutrality is so important to Granite Staters and to call on my Republican colleagues to join me in voting to save the internet. Two down, two to go! #CUsRise We must do more to prevent the diversion of opioids, which is exacerbating the opioid crisis, and to hold bad actors in the pharmaceutical industry accountable. Today I intro’d a new bill to help do just that: … Tomorrow we will vote on an measure to restore #NetNeutrality. Now is the time to keep speaking out -- let your voice be heard. Great to see members of the NH Police Association in my office today during #PoliceWeek2018. This week, and every week, we thank our officers for all they do to keep our communities safe.pic.twitter.com/HpMyNwhhac I’m helping lead 200 members of Congress in speaking out against the "domestic gag rule" that the Administration is considering, which would bar providers from giving women accurate information about their reproductive health & undermine family planning programs millions rely on.pic.twitter.com/Z83xkEuvR3 By blocking this study, the Administration is threatening the safety and health of communities across the country. These officials must put the health of our people ahead of their own political interests and give the public the answers they deserve. … It has become apparent that the Trump Administration hid the existence of an important study about the health impact of chemicals in drinking water for months because they feared it would create a "public relations nightmare." We are calling on them to immediately release it.pic.twitter.com/EoIzo3RFtU Paul Holloway has always been a steadfast advocate for our community college system and its students. A well-deserved honor. … Thinking of @FLOTUS after her surgery today, hoping she gets well soon. … We must do more to protect survivors of sexual violence and human trafficking, and to ensure that we hold perpetrators of these crimes accountable. This week, I cosponsored two pieces of bipartisan legislation to help aid in that fight: … Thank you to @Stonyfield for fighting to #SaveTheInternet. Without #NetNeutrality, rural businesses in New Hampshire could be put at a disadvantage with restricted internet access and face unfair practices from internet service providers. … Wishing @SenatorReid a swift recovery. … First: @BetsyDeVosED hires for-profit college executives to oversee their former employers.   Result: Department of Education shuts down team investigating for-profit colleges that prey on students and veterans. … Families who have been exposed to emerging contaminants in their drinking water have a right to know about any health impacts. For the sake of the health and safety of these communities, the Administration must immediately release the report they have been withholding. .@EPAScottPruitt and the Trump Admin have for the past five months blocked the release of an important study about the health impacts of chemicals in drinking water, all for the sake of protecting themselves from a "public relations nightmare." … We are voting to reinstate #NetNeutrality this Wednesday, and we need just one more vote. Don’t stop speaking out! … Game 1:  Mom has always been a leader by example – a teacher both at home and in the classroom. I'm thankful for the many lessons she's taught me. I shared some of them in honor of #MothersDay  …pic.twitter.com/9xZx2RSRR6 Happy National Women Build Week! What a great way to kick it off with Habitat for Humanity today, everyone deserves the opportunity to live healthy, productive lives and that starts with a safe, affordable place to call home.pic.twitter.com/IcGYCchFK0 Thank you to everyone who came out today to honor the memory of Officer Stephen Arkell. This remarkable event is a testament to his lasting contribution to his community and our entire state.pic.twitter.com/RVQGSy8alu Big pharmaceutical companies don't look very worried about President Trump's plan to me… … While I welcome the President highlighting this critical issue, it is extremely disappointing that he has apparently dropped his support for allowing Medicare to negotiate prices of prescription drugs. … I have joined a number of my colleagues in introducing legislation that takes common-sense steps to address this issue, including allowing Medicare to negotiate the price of prescription drugs. … The skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs is one of the most pressing issues facing people in New Hampshire and across America, and we need to see real action to lower drug prices. Every two years, Building on Hope comes together to help repair and renovate a local nonprofit. I was honored to be at the groundbreaking of this year's project, a critical update to the Crisis Center of Central NH that will help better serve survivors.pic.twitter.com/1dvCuJnGom The trafficking of illicit drugs like fentanyl across the southern border is exacerbating the devastating opioid crisis, and this report reinforces what I saw on the ground at the U.S.-Mexico border last week. … Activism and movements for change have flourished online because of #netneutrality. We will force a vote to #SaveTheInternet and we just need #OneMoreVote to succeed. Now is the time to make your voice heard.pic.twitter.com/Ouv6tMwtfJ Last week, it was reported that the Trump Administration is considering a domestic gag rule that would threaten the information women can receive about their reproductive health care and undermine their access to care. These attacks on women's health must stop.pic.twitter.com/oR4o8pAEtG Families who have been exposed to emerging contaminants in their drinking water deserve to know about any potential health impacts, and this national study at Pease examining the health and safety impacts of PFAS chemicals is critical to those efforts. … In New England we don’t take too kindly to Kings #CUsRise … LIVE: I'm on the Senate floor speaking about why it is critical we fight to restore #NetNeutrality  … I'm heading to the Senate floor to urge my colleagues to join us in voting to save #NetNeutrality. People want and deserve a free and open internet, and we won't stop fighting to protect it.pic.twitter.com/pTirwRtrYt Today we are filing our petition that will force a vote on #NetNeutrality. This bipartisan resolution has 50 votes. We just need #OneMoreVote and I am urging my Republican colleagues to join us and support an even playing field for everyone online.pic.twitter.com/dOJvlC6AMP LIVE: We are approaching the most important vote for the internet in the history of the Senate, and we are just #OneMoreVote away from securing victory. Join me and my colleagues as we kick off a week of action to save #NetNeutrality. WATCH HERE:  pic.twitter.com/h1R1bbMN1b Tomorrow, we’ll file a petition that will force a vote to save #NetNeutrality. But we still need #OneMoreVote to reinstate these critical protections for consumers and small businesses. NOW is the time to make your voice heard.pic.twitter.com/FJ16X1SEjv The substance misuse crisis impacts Granite Staters of all walks of life, including college students. I introduced a bill with @SenatorTester to help prevent substance misuse on college campuses. … The Trump Administration and Congressional Republicans are sabotaging our health care system, and it is raising costs and hurting hard-working Americans.pic.twitter.com/cRFCKQGm4t President Trump has made the American people less safe by withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/bSkB0Lrobv On #TeacherAppreciationDay, three of the teachers I’m thinking about are my mom Peggy, my husband Tom and my daughter Meg. If you see a teacher today, make sure to thank them! The opioid epidemic is having a devastating impact on children in NH and across the country. I appreciate @FLOTUS focusing on children affected by this crisis as part of her #BeBest initiative, and I hope she will help advocate within the Administration for urgent action. Last week, I visited the U.S.-Mexico border to evaluate firsthand the efforts underway to combat drug trafficking. Read about my visit and what I saw on the ground at the southern border here: … “Americans are starting to suffer from Trump’s health-care sabotage.” Read the full @WashingtonPost editorial → … Visited @NEMOEquipment and heard how an internet sales tax could impact them. They sell their goods all over the country, and mandatory internet sales tax collection would force a complex web of red tape on small businesses and hurt our economy.pic.twitter.com/6XFE0LNzBg The @Celtics take a 3-0 series lead! #CUsRise #BacktoBacktoBack Great work Molly! Congratulations, keep doodling and keep reaching for the stars. … Well done, congrats Evan! … Thank you for meeting me today to discuss important priorities such as building on existing partnerships between Mexico and the U.S. to help combat the opioid epidemic. … In many states throughout our nation, state laws allow children as young as 13 to get married. Read more about Cassandra's fight to end child marriage in New Hampshire and across the country. … Extremely proud of one of our Granite Staters of the Month, Cassandra Levesque. She spoke with @SRuhle this morning about her fight to end child marriage in New Hampshire. Her hard work has paid off -- a bill to raise the age has just passed the state legislature! … .@celtics did their jobs at the garden. Now let’s go finish this in Philly. #BackToBack … The Old Man still greets every constituent that walks into my Manchester office.pic.twitter.com/Q6zCLqyPyz 15 years later, still miss the view of the Old Man. … Medicaid expansion is critical to the health and well-being of all our people, and is a crucial tool in our fight to combat the opioid epidemic. Today’s New Hampshire House vote to reauthorize the program is an important step forward. … Saw some of the devices @CBP  uses to detect fentanyl at the border today in McAllen, Texas. I cosponsored the INTERDICT Act, which @POTUS has signed into law, to expand and enhance the technology CBP has to detect and intercept fentanyl and other illicit drugs.pic.twitter.com/nHC4hojXb4 This report confirms what we've long known in New Hampshire -- fentanyl has become the #1 killer in the opioid crisis. I’m at the U.S.-Mexico border this week assessing interdiction efforts to help cut down the supply of fentanyl and other illicit drugs. … Yesterday we also visited the Juarez-El Paso border checkpoint & talked w/ @CBP agents about how they inspect inbound traffic from Juarez, Mexico. Right before we arrived, they seized a large amount of illicit substances from a vehicle. More photos to come from McAllen, TX.pic.twitter.com/Fw7ZJSpHEw Had a number of briefings today along the U.S.-Mexico border in El Paso, discussing different conventional and non-conventional tactics drug cartels are utilizing to smuggle illicit drugs across the border, and how Border Patrol is working to disrupt these efforts.pic.twitter.com/3MfeJSBgA4 This is true. … I'm proud to have signed this petition.      We will force a vote to save #NetNeutrality, we just need one more vote to restore a free and open internet. … Well said. … This week we are celebrating the small businesses across New Hampshire, and our country, that are the backbone of our communities and economy. Make sure to show your support this #SmallBusinessWeek!pic.twitter.com/21YyY1pyi5 .@BetteLasky is a friend, a steadfast advocate for the citizens of Nashua and New Hampshire and a true champion for women's rights. She'll be missed in the State House, and I wish her well on all of her future endeavors. Net metering can help us build a more innovative and affordable clean energy future. It was great to be at the Mine Falls Dam in Nashua on Friday to talk about my new bill to support net metering. … Today may mark the end of #AutismAwarenessMonth, but let's continue to work together to celebrate the contributions of those who experience autism and work toward a more accepting and inclusive society. I'll be posting updates on my trip all week, follow along to hear more about what I'm seeing on the ground at the southern border. I'll be meeting with agents from the @DEAHQ, @CBP, as well as Mexican officials, about how we can strengthen partnerships to stop the flow of drugs across the border. This week, I am traveling to the U.S.-Mexico border to evaluate firsthand the efforts underway to combat drug trafficking and to see how Congress can better support those efforts. First up this morning, guests will hear from Institute President @emkmarykgrant, Institute Co-Founder and Board President @VickiKennedyMA, and @SenatorHassan. Watch live.    #mapoli #nhpolitics Thank you to everyone who ran today to honor the memory of Chief Michael Maloney and support our first responders at the Chief Maloney Unity Run.pic.twitter.com/JbEyxIuBxH Don't miss Military Service Academy Day! If you or someone you know is interested in being nominated for one of our nation's military service academies, join my office and Senator Shaheen's office on Saturday, May 12 from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. to learn more about applying.pic.twitter.com/fXvyvw6K9Z What a day! The @Celtics take care of business in game 7 and the @NHLBruins open their series with a W. #CUsRise #InOurBlood It was also an honor to see Nashua firefighter of the year Greg Drugan. His family bravely shared the story of their son with me, who they lost to an opioid overdose. I was humbled to tell their story on the Senate floor.  Was glad to attend today's Loyalty Day ceremony and help recognize the contributions of our veterans and their families, as well as all those who patriotically serve their communities. Congratulations to all the award winners!pic.twitter.com/LEGfgB3Z1P Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day -- help prevent substance misuse and drop off any unused prescription medication safely and anonymously at a DEA collection site. You can find one near you here:  pic.twitter.com/commHz2T4L #DYK the majority of teens abusing prescription drugs get them from family, friends & the home medicine cabinet? On 4/28 take back your unused meds to keep your kids safe. Visit   for a collection site near you. #TakeBackDay #DEATakebackpic.twitter.com/HaHUmCMvj2 Betty Hall had an amazing impact on New Hampshire, from being a small business owner to her years serving in the New Hampshire Legislature. Her energy and spark will be missed. Hundreds of Granite Staters have written to my office to demand action to prevent gun violence. I want to thank @MomsDemand for stopping by to deliver these messages. Please know that I'll keep doing everything I can to fight for common-sense gun safety legislation.pic.twitter.com/gLuWdWZ6bT Towns like Nashua are already using renewable energy, and they can benefit from the expansion of net metering. It was great to tour the Mine Falls Hydroelectric Facility to talk about how my new bill that would establish a study that could help states expand net metering.pic.twitter.com/efd5U2jAFR Go Liz! @Tuesdaywithliz is truly an incredible advocate for those who experience disabilities and now a trailblazer in Senate. … We must do more to ensure that our veterans have the support and resources they need to smoothly transition into the civilian workforce. I joined in intro’ing a bipartisan bill today to prioritize employment and education programs at the VA. … Scott Lloyd has repeatedly attempted to block young immigrant women from having abortions, going to great lengths to control their reproductive choices. This is entirely inappropriate. Jane Doe explained this experience in her own words.pic.twitter.com/X8B0cVHfiH I also want to thank U.S. Marshal David Cargill for his dedicated and outstanding service on behalf of the people of our state. .@ChiefWillard has dedicated his career to keeping our communities safe and is an outstanding choice for the position of U.S. Marshal for New Hampshire. I am proud to support his nomination and will urge my colleagues to do the same. Far too many families in New Hampshire and across the nation have been torn apart by the opioid crisis. I want to thank Doug Griffin and all of the New Hampshire advocates who came to Washington to share their stories. I'll continue to do everything I can to combat this epidemic.pic.twitter.com/rjeVoHB9Ya The Senate Judiciary Committee has approved this legislation and now the Senate MUST pass this bipartisan bill. Special Counsel Mueller needs to be allowed to follow the facts wherever they may lead and we have a duty to protect the rule of law. … I am concerned that Mr. Pompeo has not demonstrated an understanding that the Secretary of State has an obligation to the American people to stand up for our core values that is independent of an obligation to the President. Today, I will be voting no on his confirmation. And the @NHLBruins advance! Hard fought and Bruins showed incredible grit and focus #StanleyCup #InOurBlood Game 7. Original Six. Let’s go @NHLBruins! #StanleyCup Prohibiting the EPA from considering legitimate scientific studies will hurt its ability to protect Americans and our beautiful national resources. Once again @EPAScottPruitt is putting corporate special interests ahead of our health. … Net metering plays a critical role in helping build a more innovative, affordable, and cleaner energy future. Read more about my NET METER Act here: … Net metering allows consumers and businesses who generate their own electricity, usually through wind or solar, to be compensated for the excess energy they put back into the grid. I'm introducing a bill that will help produce a study that will support state net metering programs Substance use disorder is a disease and we must expand access to evidence-based treatment. Yesterday the Senate health committee passed an important bill that would help boost treatment capacity, and I urge the full Senate to take this bill up without delay. #TreatmentWeek Thank you @Todd_Fahey and @AARPNH for stopping by today and for everything you do to support older Americans and Granite Staters. It was an honor to receive this award. … A new analysis from @HELPCmteDems on the economic impact of the opioid crisis in New Hampshire reiterates just how devastating the crisis is. I will keep fighting every day to help turn the tide of this epidemic.  pic.twitter.com/HGtBfYdlzH "Vivre libre ou mourir. Live free or die.” @EmmanuelMacron is making a strong case to be an honorary Granite Stater.pic.twitter.com/7f2HkC04YA With midterm elections quickly approaching, it is more important than ever that we find ways to strengthen election security. Today, I asked @DHSgov about the ongoing threat Russian interference poses to our democracy. … I am grateful to my colleagues from both parties on the Senate health committee for working together to pass this important legislation to help support those on the front lines of the opioid crisis. Now, we need the full Senate to take up this bill as quickly as possible. We need to come to a day when nine-year-olds do not need to seek out their representatives to talk about the impact of the opioid epidemic. Today, we took a step forward by passing the bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response Act out of the Senate health committee. A little over a week ago, at a meeting for families who have lost loved ones to the opioid epidemic, a nine-year-old named Jada pulled me aside and said I just wanted you to understand the impact that losing my cousin to an opioid overdose has had on my family.pic.twitter.com/AxvoexZafd We need judges who will protect the rights of LGBTQ Americans. That’s why I voted NO on the nomination of Kyle Duncan, who has spent his career undermining the progress we've made toward building a more inclusive, more equal United States.pic.twitter.com/IYcGErU2PU President Trump is nominating judges to our courts who have extreme, partisan agendas and that will move us backward. His latest nominee is no different. I'm live on the Senate floor to explain why I oppose Kyle Duncan's nomination:  … Great to be in a room with so many people who are doing such important work to champion policies to support those who experience disabilities. Thank you for your work and for having me. … When it comes to preventing teen pregnancy, abstinence-only education does not work. The Trump Administration is choosing to ignore the evidence and get rid of programs that have been effective at lowering teen pregnancy rates. … Read more about the bipartisan College Transparency Act, which I'm cosponsoring to help modernize the way data from higher education institutions is reported: … Ensuring that students have access to accurate and comprehensive information about outcomes at colleges is critical for them to make informed decisions. I'm cosponsoring the College Transparency Act to help give students the information they need. Happy #WorldBookDay! I'm currently enjoying a fascinating biography of Ulysses S. Grant. What are you reading? .@HHSGov needs to hear from you about these plans. If you'd like to share your thoughts, you can leave a comment here:  … The Trump Admin is attacking health care again, this time with a new rule that would establish junk insurance plans that exclude basic benefits and could lead to higher costs for people with pre-existing conditions. I sent a letter with 46 of my colleagues opposing it.pic.twitter.com/MLwu9u8dtm While I commend CIA Director Pompeo for his service to our country, I cannot support his nomination to serve as Secretary of State. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/pTPDcUVMPS We've made a lot of progress since the first #EarthDay in 1970, but we must quickly take further action to protect our beautiful natural resources. We have a moral obligation to our children and our grandchildren to leave behind a cleaner world. … Currently, hospice staff is not allowed to dispose of unused medications after a patient has passed away. As a result, dangerous medications are often left in the home. This common-sense step will change that & help reduce the chances of them being misused … People are impacted by fraudulent and burdensome robocalls every day. We must do more to crack down on bad actors instigating such calls. That’s why I'm cosponsoring legislation to protect Granite Staters from these unsolicited, potentially dangerous calls … On the anniversary of the horrific shooting at Columbine, students are again walking out of their classrooms to call for an end to senseless gun violence. These young people are right -- #enough. We need to enact common-sense gun safety legislation now. … And the @NHLBruins take a 3-1 lead as the series heads back to the Garden! #InOurBlood Once again, we are fighting a Trump proposal that would harm Americans' health care. The new junk insurance proposal would allow insurance companies to hike up rates for people with pre-existing conditions or deny them altogether. That can't stand. Our veterans have sacrificed bravely in defense of our freedoms, and this new funding for renovations at the State Veterans Home will help ensure that they get the care that they need. … Thank you to our brave firefighters for all that you do to keep our communities safe, especially on the front lines of the opioid crisis. It was great to meet with fire chiefs from across New Hampshire to discuss how we can give you the support you need and deserve.pic.twitter.com/sLRhc2o81h We're fighting to keep the internet accessible to everyone. We just need one more vote to pass our bipartisan resolution and save #NetNeutrality.pic.twitter.com/soszXXyJH0 5G wireless service has the opportunity to strengthen our communities and benefit our economy. But to ensure that we unlock those possibilities, America has to lead. I am glad to be at today's @CTIA summit to talk about how we can unlock the potential of 5G. #RaceTo5Gpic.twitter.com/Wge6jvuKXz At 70 years old, Vietnam veteran and volunteer firefighter Jerry Lachance is biking 2,000 miles in support of our veterans. For his incredible dedication, I'm proud to recognize him as April's Granite Stater of the Month. Read more about his journey here: … Introduced new legislation today w/ @SenatorHassan to help train more doctors to prescribe medication-assisted treatment, combat the opioid epidemic & save lives.   Hope to see Maile and her adorable duckling onesie on the Senate floor, @SenDuckworth!  … .@SenatorHassan, Senator Kaine, @SenCortezMasto and @SenWhitehouse are all in on saving #NetNeutrality!   Help @SenateDems find just one more Republican Senator to support the CRA resolution. Now is the time to make your voices heard! #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/m6AvDjwsB8 Only 1 in 10 people with a substance use disorder receives treatment. We need more clinicians and doctors trained to treat addiction. This legislation aims to expand access to addiction treatment. ASAM is proud to support this important piece of legislation. #TreatmentWeek … We must expand access to medication-assisted treatment to help save lives and turn the tide of the deadly opioid epidemic. My bill with @SenRobPortman would help get more new doctors trained to prescribe medication-assisted treatment. … Recovery homes play a critical role for those struggling with substance use disorder. That’s why I joined in introducing a bipartisan bill to help establish guidelines to ensure that recovery homes are serving their residents as effectively as possible. … Congratulations to WH Bagshaw on winning the @SBA_NH's Family Owned Business of the Year Award! Not only are they a fixture in the Nashua community, they are the nation's oldest pin manufacturer. During his time at the EPA, Scott Pruitt has pursued an anti-environment agenda while misusing taxpayer dollars. This cannot be tolerated.      I am joining my colleagues in introducing a resolution calling on Scott Pruitt to resign. Our environment and our people deserve better.pic.twitter.com/xqFv641rPw The New Hampshire National Guard represents the very best of our state, it was great to meet with guardsmen and women today to answer some of their questions and thank them for their service.pic.twitter.com/ftR39fZIcm Are you a New Hampshire student, or know a New Hampshire student, who is interested in attending one of our nation's Military Service Academies? If so, my office and @SenatorShaheen’s office are hosting an information session with representatives from each academy.pic.twitter.com/VoKFmPzViN Last night the Senate unanimously passed my bipartisan bill w/ @SenatorHassan called the Hack Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Act. It will establish a bug bounty pilot program to help identify undiscovered vulnerabilities in the @DHSgov network & IT   Our Hack DHS Act was also cosponsored by @clairecmc and @SenKamalaHarris, and I want to thank them for being strong partners as we work to strengthen cybersecurity. Protecting @DHSgov from cyber threats is critical to our national security. I’m pleased that my bill with @senrobportman to harness the skills of patriotic and ethical hackers to protect the American people has unanimously passed the Senate. The bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response Act includes a number of critical New Hampshire priorities to help combat the opioid crisis. I am proud to be a cosponsor and will keep working with members of both parties to pass it without delay. … Taxpayers have an extra day to file after the IRS spent hours dealing with technical difficulties on Tax Day  pic.twitter.com/nU5I2uKRUV Tom and I join a grieving nation in mourning the loss of former First Lady Barbara Bush. Full statement:pic.twitter.com/AGE9YhrVWm Thank you @MClyburnFCC for your tireless work on behalf of consumers and your leadership in advocating for #NetNeutrality. We are grateful for your service. … Deeply saddened to hear of today’s Southwest engine failure, and thankful to the crew and first responders on the scene. @NTSB must get to the bottom of what happened so we can prevent future incidents. Today we recognize #WorldHemophiliaDay, and the thousands of people in the United States and around the world who suffer from rare blood disorders. With over 17,000 miles of rivers and streams, 4,000 lakes and ponds, and 18 miles of coastline, clean water is critical to the Granite State. I was glad to be with @NEWaterEnv to talk about how critical it is we protect our natural resources and fix our water infrastructure. We need a tax system that works for middle class families, entrepreneurs, and small businesses – not just corporate special interests. And that’s what I’ll keep fighting for. USA Today has an overview of how big companies are actually spending their tax windfall. Instead of passing along the dollars to workers, big corporations are giving the money to top execs and shareholders through stock buybacks and dividend increases. … It's the first #TaxDay since Washington Republicans passed a partisan tax bill that hurts hard-working Americans and small businesses in order to benefit corporate special interests and the ultra-wealthy.pic.twitter.com/OC5HO3TGRM .@SenatorHassan - entering the chamber to a rousing ovation from our New Hampshire delegation - shares her experiences of visiting Israel and her vision for peace in the Middle East. #JStreet10pic.twitter.com/e70rk5aEHV Thanks for having me, hope to be back soon! … Thank you for having me, I was so impressed by all of these students’ thoughtful questions. … Congratulations @des_linden on becoming the first American woman to win the #BostonMarathon in 33 years! Wishing luck to all the Granite Staters running the @bostonmarathon today! … And the @Celtics open the series with a W! #CUsRise For her Gold Award, Girl Scout Annalise Poisson highlighted how critical it is for women to have equal access to health care by organizing the Young Women's Health Expo in Nashua. It was great to see so many young leaders in the fight for women's equal access to care.pic.twitter.com/S4rWuZMtLc Good luck to everyone running in the Boston Marathon tomorrow! We will never forget the events of five years ago and we will always be #BostonStrong. Read my full statement on U.S. airstrikes in response to Syrian chemical weapons attacks:pic.twitter.com/n6AClRzExk “The Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act is about protecting the rule of law and producing an outcome that is good for our country.”   Please read this important piece by my colleague @SenThomTillis: … Cheers to @smuttynosebeer! A trailblazer in our state’s growing craft brewing industry that we Granite Staters are incredibly proud of. Here’s to many more years of success and great beer.pic.twitter.com/g35jCDTYep The safe disposal of unused opioids is critical to saving lives and preventing diversion. Read more about @SenatorCollins and my bipartisan legislation to help reduce the chances of substance misuse here: … Ensuring that unused medications are properly disposed of is critical to combating the opioid crisis. @SenatorCollins and my bill would ensure that hospice staff and emergency medical professionals are able to dispose of medications after a patient passes away or the pills expire Today we remember Greenland Police Chief Michael Maloney. Though he lost his life in the line of duty six years ago, his legacy of service to his community and our state lives on. We will never forget his sacrifice. #TBT to the last time the @NHLBruins and @MapleLeafs met in the playoffs. Let's go Bs! #StanleyCup … Today is #YomHaShoah, a day when we remember the horror of the Holocaust and mourn the 6 million Jews and many others who were killed. We must never forget and we must recommit ourselves to working to rid the world of bigotry, intolerance, and hate. Let’s go @celtics! #NBAPlayoffs Congrats, @TomGriffithWMUR. Here's to many more years of bringing us the news! … Thanks to the @IBEW for stopping by. I will continue to fight to ensure that workers get the benefits they have earned and to protect their right to organize.pic.twitter.com/AgEU2Uk0X2 As we continue to work on bipartisan legislation to combat the opioid crisis, it is critical that we ensure that we are adequately prioritizing funding for the states that have been hardest-hit. … Today marks the 50th anniversary of the landmark Fair Housing Act. All these years later we still have much work to do to end housing discrimination. Happy #NationalPetDay, to celebrate here are some of the fluffier family members of my staff!pic.twitter.com/5zChxGIaEA President Trump has reportedly already tried to fire Special Counsel Mueller on at least two occasions. We cannot wait to act. The time is NOW to pass bipartisan legislation to protect the Special Counsel and the rule of law. … Why should we think that @facebook on its own will ever truly be able to make the changes that we need it to make to protect Americans’ well-being and privacy?pic.twitter.com/0pkLyZZdQs WATCH: I'm questioning Mark Zuckerberg in today's hearing on @facebook. Tune in here:  … Yesterday, President Trump again spoke about the possibility of firing Special Counsel Robert Mueller. It is more important than ever that we stand together to protect the rule of law and allow the special counsel to follow the facts wherever they may lead. After 14 years of apologies and promises to do better from Mr. Zuckerberg, it is time that @facebook take concrete steps to address concerns raised about the platform. In today's hearing I'll also be focused on what  Congress can do to protect consumers and our democracy. The average American woman earns 80 cents for every dollar earned by a man. And for many women of color, it is even less. This is unacceptable, it is time for equal pay for all. #EqualPayDay Today marks 55 years since 129 brave sailors lost their lives when the USS Thresher sank off the New England coast. Built in the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, New Hampshire will always remember their service and sacrifice. … Thank you for speaking out about the steps we must take to keep our communities, and our children, safe from gun violence. … It is imperative that the Trump Administration works with our international allies to send a strong message to the Assad regime, Iran, and Russia that the use of chemical weapons is unacceptable and that there will be consequences. Happy General John Stark Day, New Hampshire! In D.C. you can find his statue in the Capitol building where he helps represent the Granite State and reminds us all of his patriotism and famous words, "Live free or die: Death is not the worst of evils.”pic.twitter.com/lgY9wxSPnT Congratulations, @SenDuckworth and welcome Maile Pearl! … Effectively fighting the #opioidepidemic requires a comprehensive approach focused on treatment, prevention, recovery, & law enforcement. My op-ed w/ @SenatorHassan in today’s @UnionLeader outlines our latest effort to do just this:   We need a comprehensive, coordinated, and bipartisan response in order to combat the opioid epidemic. Read my op-ed with @SenCapito in the @UnionLeader about our bipartisan bill that would help strengthen our nation's treatment centers:  … Wishing everyone celebrating a very happy Greek Easter! If any veterans in New Hampshire are having issues with the VA, please do not hesitate to reach out to my office. We will do everything we can to assist you: … We can never fully repay the debt of gratitude that we owe to our veterans and service members – but we must try. I am glad that Josh was able to get the adaptive housing he needs and appreciate him giving me a tour!pic.twitter.com/nLr9e3l7Io A reliable public transit system is vital to our economy. I'm pleased to join our Congressional delegation in announcing $2.5 million in federal grants to help improve public transit infrastructure in Nashua and Southeastern NH. … A walkoff to win on #OpeningDay at Fenway! Let’s go @RedSox #DirtyWater .@EPAScottPruitt has consistently put Big Oil and corporate special interests before our environment, health, and economy – all while grossly misusing taxpayer dollars and seeking special treatment for himself. It is time he steps down. I appreciate @Surgeon_General's call for more Americans to carry naloxone but we also need to lower the cost of this life-saving drug. And to truly address the opioid crisis, we need to significantly step up our treatment, prevention, and recovery infrastructure. … Congratulations to @SOS_RCO on the reopening and expansion of your recovery center in Rochester. You do incredible work to help those struggling with substance use disorder get back on their feet and I will keep fighting to support your efforts.pic.twitter.com/rcoS9405qJ ASAM appreciates the leadership of @SenCapito & @SenatorHassan for introducing the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Act. This bill will create competitive grants to operate Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers that provide full range treatment srvcs. Read:   …pic.twitter.com/671UlYKF3L Josh has bravely sacrificed for our country. After being injured off-duty, he needed help with adaptive housing back home. I want to thank him and his family for their service and for letting me see his new apartment. Read more about my visit here:  pic.twitter.com/dl9aQFlwC3 See here for more information on some of the key priorities I’ve been fighting for that are included in the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018: … The opioid epidemic is New Hampshire's most pressing public health and safety challenge, and this bipartisan proposal includes many key priorities I’ve been fighting for to support those on the front lines of combating the opioid crisis. … Thank you for having me, it was an honor to receive this award. I'll keep fighting to ensure that critical programs for children and families like Head Start receive the funding they need. … No better way to start your day than with these smiling faces at Head Start!pic.twitter.com/7DMtwbwGPy New Hampshire has lost an icon. Rest in peace Wolfman. … It was great hearing from conservation leaders in our state at the @SeacoastSciCtr about the strides they're making to help our people adapt to climate change. Our state's natural resources are critical to our way of life, I'll keep pushing Congress to protect them.pic.twitter.com/BjTVxvOeyI Happy Birthday, Chief! … Thank you to @SenatorHassan for taking time to meet here today w/ leaders of ocean advocacy organizations to hear our concerns about the future of our coastal environment.pic.twitter.com/qb5Hm1D8Xu After the horrific shooting at Stoneman Douglas, Rochester’s @SpauldingHS community showed real compassion for their peers in Florida. It was an honor to present them with a copy of the Congressional Record and a flag flown over the Capitol in recognition of their efforts.pic.twitter.com/wUrEtxJ6nt Dr. King’s vision of a brighter future and his legacy of fighting for justice endures to this day, shaping our continued efforts to form a more perfect union. Today, as we remember that legacy let’s recommit ourselves to the continued march forward to honor it. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/OneiDAgPVj We welcome Senator Hassan today as she commends our school for our donation to the Parkland School in Florida.pic.twitter.com/gKU2xtqxZf Proud to be a part of the bipartisan congressional forum on opioid abuse this morning at the @RxSummit alongside @SenMarkey @SenatorHassan @RepKClark @RepBuddyCarter @LacyClayMO1 Learn more @  …pic.twitter.com/Rhky9UlZXa Great to see @SenMarkey and other leaders in Congress working to combat opioid crisis at @RXSummit, and big thanks to @RepHalRogers for his hard work to start this important forum dedicated to combating substance misuse. This morning I delivered remarks at the @RXSummit on the need to continue to focus on a comprehensive, all-hands-on-deck approach to save lives and turn the tide of this epidemic.pic.twitter.com/apEer3jsKG Had a productive few days at the @RXSummit in Atlanta, where I spoke with officials from the @NIDAnews, @DeptVetAffairs, @CDCgov, @NIH, @ONDCP, and @StateDept about how we can strengthen efforts to combat the devastating opioid crisis.pic.twitter.com/ZWECiEhosm .@EPAScottPruitt's decision to roll back emission standards will not only cost consumers more -- it puts the interests of big oil ahead of our environment and the health of our people. … .@SenatorHassan: To put it simply, there's a lot of collateral damage from this crisis. And people are responding in a collaborative manner. The federal response has to match these efforts. #rxsummitpic.twitter.com/RlwslSyGBk I’m headed to Atlanta for the @RxSummit where I’ll join experts from across the country to discuss how we can strengthen collaboration and step up efforts to combat the devastating fentanyl, heroin, and opioid crisis. "@SenatorHassan touts legislation to strengthen community-college-to-business pipeline" via @UnionLeader.  pic.twitter.com/unUxuTXTUW Baked my husband Tom a cake for his birthday, we don’t need to say how many candles are going on it.pic.twitter.com/wsDv9ZF5IB Happy Easter to everyone celebrating, I hope you all had wonderful visits from the Easter Bunny today!pic.twitter.com/k3hJjnxMDc Wishing a chag sameach to everyone observing Passover! Thank you to @mht_nh_police Officer Ryan Boynton for letting me join you on your evening shift. And thank you to @ChiefWillard and the entire dept for all you do to keep us safe, especially as you spend more and more of your time responding to overdose calls.pic.twitter.com/F3V2o7FqGW Endometriosis affects 1 in 10 women of reproductive age. As Endometriosis Awareness Month comes to a close, take a minute to learn more about the symptoms and treatment options: … Stopped by @GEAviation in Hooksett to talk about the Gateway to Careers Act and how it could support the highly skilled workforce they need.pic.twitter.com/U4lzUO6uDU Baseball is back! Let's go #RedSox #OpeningDay … For every service member who sacrifices to defend our freedom, there are family members who also sacrifice to help make their service and reentry into civilian life possible. I'm cosponsoring legislation that will help support veterans and their loved ones … New Hampshire veterans have faced unacceptable challenges with the VA, and we must do more to ensure that our brave veterans can get the care they need and have earned. I look forward to learning more about Admiral Jackson to determine if he’s the right choice to lead the VA. In order for our commercial fishermen to thrive, Hampton Harbor must provide easy access to the ocean. The harbor is in need of emergency dredging to make that possible, and we're calling on the Administration to ensure that this project is included in this year's work plan.pic.twitter.com/a8YanCwbtr The kids at Rumford Learning Center loved “Be Who You Are” – and I think it's a pretty good lesson for adults too. It was great to visit and read this story as part of the Read Across America initiative.pic.twitter.com/WJAgwGg3u2 Great to join @CCSNH603 Chancellor Ross Gittell and representatives from @SkillsCoalition, @nhcfoundation and @BAESystemsInc at @nashuacc to discuss the importance of career pathways and workforce development for New Hampshire.pic.twitter.com/lrzZZS03I3 Thank you Senator Hassan for joining a roundtable talk at NCC on supporting workforce pathways in NH for students and workers!pic.twitter.com/Mopt7yzYI0 It is critical that this funding to combat the opioid crisis gets out the door as quickly as possible and that New Hampshire receives a fair share. I will continue working to ensure that New Hampshire receives the resources we need to combat this crisis and save lives. While I am pleased that we were able to secure an additional $3.3 billion, including $142 million set-aside just for the hardest-hit states, to combat the opioid crisis, the Trump Administration still has discretion over the exact amounts that each state will receive:pic.twitter.com/TH4crm6Noq Thank you to REMIX Coffee Bar, Jozach Jewelers, @SCHSofNH, and @thecmannh for having me today. Thank you for discussing the work you do and why it is so critical that we keep fighting for net neutrality to ensure that everyone online can compete on an even playing field.pic.twitter.com/TMXfJMi330 Reinstating net neutrality and expanding access to broadband are both essential to helping to ensure that all of our entrepreneurs and small businesses – regardless of where they are located – have the opportunity to reap the benefits of the internet and thrive. Great to hear from Smiths Medical employees about their work helping ensure that Granite Staters have the medical devices and products they need to lead healthy, productive lives.pic.twitter.com/vRrC313r4T Linda Brown and her family's bravery in demanding equality fundamentally changed our nation for the better. Her legacy will be one of lasting change. … Every year, we lose far too many children to cancer. I'm glad that the bipartisan bill @SenatorShaheen and I cosponsored to help expand pediatric cancer research has passed the Senate. … As Governor, I was proud to work with legislators to invest in the new women’s correctional facility, and today’s ribbon cutting marks the culmination of efforts that will help make our communities safer and ensure fairness in our criminal justice system.pic.twitter.com/RB463gFCBR I was proud to be in Concord and Nashua for today's #MarchForOurLives. Thank you to everyone who is standing up and speaking out.pic.twitter.com/CQk3lLS2oc This generation is proving that it is a generation that fights for and demands change. We owe it to our students to end the vicious cycle of gun violence. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/3JBz8HkjUe I was proud to be in Concord and Nashua for today's #MarchForOurLives. Thank you to everyone who is standing up and speaking out.pic.twitter.com/MjrZQM03pt Especially proud to be a @patriots fan today … To everyone marching in today's #MarchForOurLives -- thank you for demanding change.   You're right. It is long past time we do more to combat the epidemic of gun violence in our country.pic.twitter.com/NYVYxyYd5q If you wish to serve the United States of America you deserve to be respected — not discriminated against because of your identity. Transgender Americans serve our country with honor and President Trump’s decision is reprehensible. … So many New Hampshire students have been writing to me in the wake of Parkland, calling for common sense gun reform. I'm inspired by all you’re doing to speak out. Stay engaged -- I'm with you! #Enoughpic.twitter.com/BRGso0Znme The bipartisan government funding bill that just passed the Senate is an important next step in our efforts to combat the opioid crisis, and makes critical investments to expand economic opportunity, support innovative businesses, and keep our nation safe … The bipartisan government funding bill includes a lot of New Hampshire's key priorities. Here are ten ways it will benefit the Granite State: … There is no one-size-fits-all approach to #addictionrecovery. Today, I introduced a bill w/ @SenatorHassan to help establish and expand comprehensive recovery centers in #WV and across the country. Read more here:  Read more about my bill with @SenCapito to establish Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers that provide resources like recovery housing and job training: … People struggling with addiction have a variety of needs that must be met to help them get back on their feet. I intro’d a bipartisan bill with @SenCapito to establish and expand Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers to provide the coordinated care those seeking treatment need. Another big win for New Hampshire in the government funding bill -- Granite State fishermen won’t be burdened by a costly at-sea monitoring fee this year. Thanks to @SenatorShaheen for her efforts to secure this. I will work with @SenatorShaheen and the entire delegation to ensure that the Trump Administration provides New Hampshire with a fair share of the funds for states that have been hardest-hit by the opioid crisis, and that this funding gets out the door as soon as possible. In addition to grants that will be available to all states to combat the opioid crisis, we were able to secure a dedicated portion of funding that will be distributed just to states, including New Hampshire, that have been hardest hit by this devastating epidemic. The bipartisan funding bill will provide an increase in federal resources to Granite Staters on the front lines of the opioid crisis. Too many families continue to struggle with rising health care costs – which have been exacerbated by the Trump Administration’s efforts to sabotage health care insurance markets. I am proud to help introduce a bill that would lower costs.  Read my op-ed in the @BostonGlobe where I imagine what it’d be like if we had a Secretary of Education who understands public education. … Heading to the floor to watch @SenDougJones deliver his first speech, can’t wait to hear it! … It has been six months since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico and the USVI and still many of our fellow citizens are without basic resources like power. We must keep fighting to get them the support they need. #6MonthsAfterMaria  … I urge my GOP colleagues to work with us on a bipartisan plan to lower health care costs, and drop efforts to both undermine protections for preexisting conditions and make it harder for women to purchase (with their own money) health insurance that includes abortion coverage. Maggie Hassan: We can and must do better for our children, and Betsy DeVos should join us in that endeavor. | via @GlobeOpinion  pic.twitter.com/RSG7AIUx4c Yet again a school has been impacted by gun violence. Students deserve to be safe in their classrooms, we must act on common sense gun reform now. When it comes to their reproductive health care, women deserve facts -- not falsehoods. Read my op-ed about today's case before the Supreme Court. It's time to #EndTheLies. … .@MarkWarner is right -- the President’s attempts to undermine Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation must stop. The Special Counsel must have the independence to follow the facts wherever they may lead. … Go Team USA! Congratulations to everyone who helped represent us in the @Paralympics, and especially to UNH Wildcats @tbone_walker, @ncgrove_16, and Laurie Stephens. These Granite Staters each brought home a medal this year, we're so proud!  … Today's proposal from the Administration includes many policies that would help strengthen efforts to combat the opioid epidemic. But I am concerned that the President does not seem to fully appreciate that we cannot arrest our way out of this crisis. … Loved touring @gbccATAC today, where they are helping train the next generation of highly skilled workers that our state's businesses desperately need. My Gateway to Careers Act would support programs at community colleges like this.pic.twitter.com/V7OoxV1rXu Tom saved some of the snow for mepic.twitter.com/MRAsW34B80 Happy St. Patrick's Day, New Hampshire! pic.twitter.com/ufau86unxy I’m glad that @ChuckGrassley’s bipartisan bill, which I cosponsored, to help strengthen whistleblower protections has passed the Senate. … Veterans should have the support and resources they need to smoothly transition back into civilian life. Yesterday, I joined @SenDuckworth and others in introducing a bill to help ensure that veterans can access child care as they seek employment. It is always fun to participate in two of New Hampshire's St. Patrick's Day traditions, the annual Wild Irish Breakfast and the Ganley Awards. Thank you for having me and for the laughs. Happy St. Pat’s!pic.twitter.com/le8UuueNA9 Thank you for stopping by and thank you for your service, I am incredibly proud of the Spaulding High School community's powerful work to support their peers at Stoneman Douglas High School and all the students across New Hampshire who are speaking out to say #enough. … Congresswoman Slaughter was a steadfast fighter for working families and a pioneer for countless women entering public service. My thoughts are with her loved ones and the entire Rochester, NY community during this difficult time. I joined @SenatorShaheen, @SenatorTester, @RonWyden and @SenJeffMerkley in introducing a resolution opposing efforts to impose a nationwide online sales tax, which would unfairly burden New Hampshire small businesses and entrepreneurs.pic.twitter.com/RDOLpljpWO All students deserve the right to a free and appropriate public education. Since 1975, the IDEA act has been critical to protecting that right for students who experience disabilities. We must ensure that the IDEA Act is fully funded and I am cosponsoring legislation to do so. My heart goes out to everyone affected by the bridge collapse in Miami and thank you to the first responders who are working tirelessly at the scene. Congratulations @tbone_walker! Your amazing perseverance paid off and you make our state incredibly proud.  … Let’s give Justice Ginsburg a birthday gift and finally #PassTheERA. #HappyBirthdayRBGpic.twitter.com/J0dJX2pE84 I’ve sent a letter with @SenatorHassan to #4profit college Ashford University demanding they immediately halt new GI Bill enrollments amid questions about the company's eligibility.pic.twitter.com/9trhOlL6Nr Amazing front pages from across New Hampshire on yesterday's walkout. Such inspiring activism from these young leaders, I'm incredibly proud of them. It's time we meet them in this moment and act to prevent gun violence.pic.twitter.com/bbyjKhjFeX Thanks, @SenatorHassan for your commitment to climate action. In coastal New Hampshire, the effects of climate change are devastating, just like Rhode Island. #TimeToWakeUp … Our communities are already facing the very real impacts of climate change. Yet the Trump Administration is putting big oil profits ahead of our communities.     This cannot continue. We must act on climate.pic.twitter.com/7TZA6FPlmK Today, young people across our nation are demanding action to prevent future acts of gun violence.   We must meet them in this moment. #NationalWalkoutDaypic.twitter.com/uSimCwkbzl In the wake of the horrific shooting at Stoneman Douglas, the community of @SpauldingHS came together to support their peers in Parkland.      I'm proud to recognize them as March's Granite Staters of the Month: … Exeter High School 10th grader Jack Anderson at today’s #NationalSchoolWalkout @seacoastonlinepic.twitter.com/QDLoYF7KQQ #NationalSchoolWalkout has begun at Exeter High School. @seacoastonlinepic.twitter.com/vggjaLwAzZ A group of Dover High School students join #NationalSchoolWalkout. @FostersDailyDempic.twitter.com/P4ewAkawcD Dover High School students participate in the National School Walkout #NationalSchoolWalkout @FostersDailyDempic.twitter.com/I8MBX62YXE Exeter High School students take part in #NationalSchoolWalkout, hold signs with visceral messages. There are hundreds standing in silence right now outside the school. @seacoastonlinepic.twitter.com/YQZ3U0gGG6 I want them, and students all across our country, to know that we hear you. #Enough. It is beyond time to act. We must keep our people – and especially our students – safe from gun violence. I’m proud that many Granite State students are joining them, making their voices heard and standing in solidarity with the students of Stoneman Douglas.pic.twitter.com/0sixtrYevL One month ago, 17 people were murdered in an act of senseless gun violence in Parkland, Florida. Today, students from schools around the country are walking out of their classrooms to demand action to prevent gun violence.pic.twitter.com/uRntmjR0oT Congratulations @snhuprez on receiving the Hesburgh Award for Leadership Excellence in Higher Education, a well-deserved honor! … It's been more than five years since Sandy Hook. Yet time and again Congress fails to take action, and the discussion fades until this deadly cycle once again repeats itself. Enough is enough. We need action now. … Today is my friend @SenWhitehouse's 200th time taking to the Senate floor to say that it’s #TimeToWakeUp to climate change. It is long past time that Congress finally listens – and more importantly, acts. … I agree with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle -- the @FCC needs to go back to the drawing board when it comes to its mobility fund broadband maps. The current maps are inaccurate and cause a serious challenge to bringing broadband to rural areas.pic.twitter.com/zT4W2tW06F With the end of Secretary Tillerson’s tenure, it is critical that the Trump Administration also end its misguided efforts to slash resources and undermine the State Department’s ability to confront the vexing diplomatic challenges that we face around the world. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/XqZqycvmZr After claiming to support common-sense steps to combat gun violence, @realDonaldTrump is now caving to the gun lobby. That is unacceptable. … .@SenatorHassan speaks to potential of AIRWAVES Act to help U.S. win race to #5G at @SenateCommerce #SubCommTech Hearing #InfrastructureInAmericapic.twitter.com/EgrDbc7F74 The NHDOT has 700 plow trucks working to clear 9,000 lane miles of state highways. We expect snow on the roads behind our plow trucks during the storm. Travelers should use caution, reduce speeds, increase following distance, and allow extra time to reach their destination. … Significant snowfall expected today through early Wednesday. Snowfall rates 1"+ inch an hour at times.  Gusty winds and blizzard conditions along the coast. Splash-over and beach erosion with morning and evening high tides. #ReadyNH #NHwxpic.twitter.com/UiFoZl6fKZ .@TIME’s special issue on the opioid crisis powerfully captures what is happening in our country because of this epidemic – and how urgently we must act. … Thank you @NECouncil for hosting me this morning and for everything you do for communities across our region. I look forward to continue working with you to build an even stronger economic future for our state.pic.twitter.com/9USSNayYrM Proud to introduce the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act w/ @SenDonnelly & @SenatorHassan, a bipartisan bill to address shortage of professionals who are trained to provide care & treatment for those suffering from substance abuse.   Thanks to @MayorJoyceCraig, @ChiefGoonan, @ChiefWillard, and DEA Special Agent DeLena for everything you and your departments do to combat the opioid crisis and for joining me today to discuss how the bipartisan CARA 2.0 Act can support your efforts.pic.twitter.com/iOsTToayLb Happy 106th birthday to the @girlscouts! Here's to 106 more of empowering girls to be whatever they wish to be. Every day, communities across the country are grappling with the impact of the opioid epidemic. We need a response that matches the scope of the crisis. Read my op-ed on the bipartisan CARA 2.0 bill, a critical next step in combating this epidemic: … Snow storm early Tue. into Wed., 8+ in. expected, snow fall/blowing snow may limit visibility. Go slow, leave extra room. Don't crowd the plow. Sign up for #NHalerts to know when an emergency strikes nearby and how to stay safe.   #NHstorm #ReadyNH #NHwxpic.twitter.com/dInDEKZfDH This once again shows just how drastically out of touch and unprepared Betsy DeVos is when it comes to addressing the needs of our students and schools. … Sexual assault remains far too prevalent on college campuses. Students with disabilities face even higher rates of violence than their peers but are often ignored when it comes to combating the problem. @SenBobCasey and I intro’d a bill to address this: … Thank you @BIAofNH for having me today to discuss how we can continue to support our state's innovative business community and work to include more people in our shared prosperity.pic.twitter.com/OQv73s7qCv Today is the deadline for public comments on the Trump Administration's reckless plan to open up nearly all our nation’s waters to the dangers of #OffshoreDrilling — including New England’s coastline. Let your voice be heard! Leave your comments here:  … Happy Maple Month, New Hampshire! A great time to enjoy the best maple syrup in the country (ICYMI, @SenatorLeahy).       Thanks for hosting me Meadow View Sugar House, and have a happy sugaring season.pic.twitter.com/Zfme8ZwRew .@SenDonnelly, @lisamurkowski, and my bipartisan bill would help strengthen our treatment workforce by offering student loan repayment for substance use disorder professionals who commit to working in underserved areas. Read more here: … Estimates show that only 10% of the 22 million Americans suffering from substance use disorder receive treatment. We must increase our treatment capacity. That's why I'm helping introduce a bill that would incentivize students to pursue careers as treatment professionals. Good luck to our very own UNH Wildcats @tbone_walker, @ncgrove_16, and Laurie Stephens in the #Paralympics. The Granite State is cheering for you!  … Joe, @lisamurkowski & @SenatorHassan have introduced bipartisan legislation to help fight the opioid abuse epidemic. It would help address the shortage of substance abuse disorder treatment providers.  pic.twitter.com/G7lUXQUUrb Congrats @arlenv1!  … Today, I spoke with the Paralyzed Veterans of America about the importance of health care for our vets, accessible air travel, and their concerns with the House bill to undermine the Americans with Disabilities Act. I'll keep fighting to support them and all our veterans.pic.twitter.com/x4yOxV6XfK Glad to hear to Saco the seal is doing better. I hope all Granite Staters, aquatic or otherwise, are staying warm and safe today. … I’m joining @SenatorShaheen and colleagues from both parties in introducing a bipartisan bill to reauthorize and expand the Northern Border Regional Commission, which has invested millions of dollars to help spur economic and community development in northern New Hampshire. Congratulations to Meera and Cam, New Hampshire's delegates to the @SenateYouth Program. Your accomplishments and future aspirations are what will make our state, and our country, a better place of everyone.pic.twitter.com/nmUljObQ8v Ensuring that our veterans have the services and benefits they need and have earned is critical. Thank you to Sgt. Maj. Chevalier, USMC (Ret.) and all the members of the VFW for your service and for your work advocating for our veterans.pic.twitter.com/k0M4samNTl The fight to enact change isn’t easy. It's long, hard work. But women across our nation, and around the world, continue to do it. Today, we celebrate them. Happy #InternationalWomensDay! Substance use disorder is a chronic illness. Without a strong health care system and Medicaid, we will not be able to turn the tide of this devastating opioid crisis.pic.twitter.com/Q9sF8Vev5v Trust me, these two things are not the same.   cc: @SenDuckworth … I'm proud that New Hampshire continues to advance the rights of transgender individuals. We are a stronger, better society when everyone is fully included and the rights and dignity of all our citizens are respected. … Gun violence has touched every aspect of American life. Today, I’m participating in a hearing with survivors and advocates who are calling for change. They deserve to have their voices heard. Watch live here: … The right to vote is the foundation of our democracy. This is a shameful attempt to discourage and disenfranchise student voters in New Hampshire.   It must not become law. … This announcement is a significant step forward, but we have much more work to do to address our infrastructure needs in New Hampshire and across the country. I won't stop fighting to ensure that our state’s infrastructure needs are met.pic.twitter.com/pWUNwZGSpS NH veterans have faced unacceptable challenges with the VA. Today's announcement that the VA is bringing in new leadership for the New England region is a step forward, but we have far more work to do. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/lX1O84e15n Thank you to @JeffRoseNH for your service to our state and your invaluable work to strengthen our state’s innovation economy. I look forward to hearing about what comes next! "The Opioid Diaries": A discussion with photographer James Nachtwey and Senator Maggie Hassan  