When I asked Amazon, AT&T, Google, Apple, & Twitter execs if they plan on pulling out of Europe or CA because of their stronger privacy laws, they said no. Why don’t all Americans deserve the same higher standard of data privacy?pic.twitter.com/1vckWDc57g This affidavit, sworn under oath, contains immense detail & offers corroborating witnesses. Julie Swetnick has everything to lose if this sworn statement proves false. If my Republican colleagues have any sense of morality, they will refuse to move forward with this nomination. These allegations are absolutely breathtaking—a gut punch. Julie Swetnick presents compelling, specific evidence of a pattern of vile & predatory behavior. There is absolutely no way Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination can proceed to a vote without an FBI investigation. "Clearly, this process is a rush to judgement." @SenBlumenthal on Kavanaugh's nomination. #Hardball "If he wanted to clear his name, he would call for the other witnesses like Mark Judge." @SenBlumenthal on Kavanaugh. #Hardball "There's no way to vote responsibly, that's what I hope my Republican colleagues will understand." @SenBlumenthal on the Kavanaugh nomination process. #Hardball This rush to judgment betrays any pretense of listening respectfully & honestly to a credible, courageous sexual assault survivor. It is an insult to the entire survivor community. The message is clear: serious, credible allegations of sexual assault matter very little to my Republican colleagues when putting extremist ideologues on the federal bench. Scheduling a vote even before hearing Dr. Blasey Ford’s testimony, Senate Republicans have demonstrated the disrespect & disregard that all too frequently shames & silences survivors from ever coming forward. Since the Trump admin failed to lead, I'm proud CT stepped up to defend our vote. The best defense is a good offense, in Congress we're working to provide more tools to combat foreign interference.pic.twitter.com/09Xvsiwuh3 Democrat @SenBlumenthal accuses Senate Republicans of behaving as if they have something to hide in the Kavanaugh process.  "Why are they blocking an investigation?" he asked @WolfBlitzer. "What do they have to hide? Why are they rushing to judgement?"  pic.twitter.com/M7iryAHIbT WATCH: As I join over 100 Yale Law students to urge the Senate to delay the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh in order to afford Dr. Blasey Ford & Debbie Ramirez the fair process that every survivor deserves. … “Today is an occasion & opportunity to show that we stand with survivors of sexual assault & have their back against the attempts to shame them or stigmatize them. We must make sure they are treated with respect & have an opportunity to be heard.” #BelieveSurvivorspic.twitter.com/bazEaLVmUj Proud to join the Yale Law sit-in today to demand Judge Kavanaugh’s sexual assault allegations be fully investigated before the Senate votes on this nominee. Tomorrow, I’ll be joining women— & men—across the country during a national day of action calling for a serious, respectful response to these disturbing allegations of sexual assault. I am humbled & proud to stand with them. I recommend my Republican colleagues listen. Debbie Ramirez came forward to share her story even after seeing the nightmare of public shaming, character assassination, & threats to personal safety endured by Dr. Blasey Ford. She is incredibly brave to face a near certainty of similar attacks. The Senate simply cannot in good conscience vote on this nomination without a full fair FBI investigation of all these allegations— & an opportunity for these sexual assault survivors to be heard. The Senate needs to put aside petty politics & pursue the full truth—that means a complete FBI investigation & testimony from all relevant witnesses. Nothing less. Dr. Blasey Ford is a profile in courage. She deserves to be heard & treated with respect. America must listen. Testimony on Thursday will test America’s conscience. … No one should confuse support for that story with an endorsement or acceptance of this deeply broken process. I remain deeply disturbed by the conduct of my colleagues over the last week, & am committed to ensuring that Dr. Ford’s safety & security is made a top priority. The nation should rally around her decision to speak truth to power. Dr. Ford’s sharing her story despite death threats & vicious bullying speaks to the credibility of her allegations. Courageously, Dr. Ford will tell her story in the face of an impossible choice & vile bullying by Republican leadership. I will support her steadfast bravery against the arbitrary, unfair, irrational constraints set by Chairman Grassley. Republicans show why sexual assault is still one of the most underreported crimes: courageous survivors who do come forward are bullied by those in power. Republicans’ relentless, ruthless revictimizing must stop. Bullying deadlines must cease. This intimidation must be halted by Republicans speaking out. … After spending the day in FBI interviews about death threats against her, Dr. Blasey deserves the minimal decency of 24 hours to make a decision about testifying. Rejecting her request would take the Senate to a shameful new low—a blatant abuse of power.pic.twitter.com/6cBAWqSyVa Republicans’ so-called “counter-offer” includes an arbitrary & irrational deadline in a rush to silence a survivor. It has no basis in law or fact—or simple humanity. The thinly disguised purpose of Republicans’ attempted intimidation of a sexual assault survivor can only be that they hope to avoid her testimony. The American people will rightly understand that Republicans fear her testimony because they fear the truth. Today, I heard from the impressive doctors & researchers at @YaleCancer.  How important is the fight against tobacco & nicotine in our push to end cancer?   Remember: We can do our part by warning young people of tobacco & nicotine's dangers. #BidenCancerSummit Bullying a sexual assault victim into testifying in front of this committee before she is ready, without an FBI investigation & while she is still getting death threats, is shameful & shameless. Republicans apparently decided it’s bad optics for 11 male senators—many of whom already judged Dr. Ford a liar—to question a survivor on live TV. Instead of personally facing her to ask questions, they are hiding behind a private lawyer whom they hired to do their jobs for them. … We need to believe survivors & respect how & when they decide to share their stories. If you or a loved one has experienced sexual assault & needs support, please contact 1 (800) 656-HOPE (4673). Yesterday, Lindsey shared with me her powerful, painful story about sexual assault. Like many survivors, she didn’t press charges, but is now using her voice to help support the 1 in 4 women who have also experienced sexual violence. Here is what she said:pic.twitter.com/ARm2dQR4ln Fact: more than 60% of sexual assaults are not reported to the police. President Trump, before you spew your thoughts about survivors’ experiences you should talk to these brave women & men & truly listen. "Let's be very clear: what we're talking about here is not a criminal conviction. We're talking about a lifetime appointment of the highest court, in the United States, that ought to be above this kind of suspicion." @SenBlumenthal on Brett Kavanaugh  pic.twitter.com/aYQOPQwejz Dr. Ford gets to decide when & how to tell her story—a  foundational principle. A full, fair FBI investigation should precede the hearing. … The terms for Dr. Ford’s hearing shouldn’t cause her to be re-victimized or put on trial—a valid concern given my colleagues’ demonstrated insensitivity & even hostility. We should start with the @NTFSDV recommendations:  We believe her. Today I stood with survivors & victim advocates to rebut Republicans’ sham charade of a hearing & demand Dr. Ford has a full & fair investigation. She deserves to make her voice & story heard by a committee pledged to truth not political ploys.pic.twitter.com/GOeAS8jnNx On this anniversary my thoughts are with all those still recovering & displaced by the storm. I call on Trump to honor the victims, help still struggling evacuees, & establish proper preparations for future storms. The President has not accepted culpability & instead chooses to blame others for the storm's consequences rather than take action to help Puerto Rico rebuild. … One year ago today #HurricaneMaria made landfall in Puerto Rico. The storm's deadly & destructive wake was followed by staggering inaction, mismanagement, & denials by Trump & his administration. Sending a letter isn’t the same as answering questions from the FBI or under oath in front of the Senate. We need to hear from ALL witnesses, including Mark Judge. He’s not off the hook with an 114 word statement. … A full, fair FBI investigation with sworn interviews, all relevant witnesses, & review of all documents is needed before any hearing. Otherwise, we’re asking questions in the dark & not doing justice by these charges. My Republican colleagues have handled Dr. Ford’s serious accusations with dismissals & attacks. These actions shamefully reinforces dangerous preconceptions that push survivors into silence. By rushing to have a hearing about Kavanaugh’s attempted rape allegations, Republicans are only trying to check the box on oversight, & not find the truth. I believe Dr. Ford. We have every reason to believe a survivor who comes forward at great personal risk & under hostile scrutiny. We have every reason to doubt Judge Kavanaugh—after his evasive & seemingly misleading testimony. Sen. Richard Blumenthal says the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court "should be withdrawn"  "This nomination will not only cast a shadow over judge Kavanaugh ... it will also stain the United States Supreme Court irreparably," he adds  pic.twitter.com/GHSwDQtuQW Democratic @SenBlumenthal: Rushing through the confirmation process "would cast a shadow and a stain on Judge Kavanaugh, if he is confirmed."  pic.twitter.com/HL0WZ2CEdm A hard fought victory for the families & communities in CT & the nation that have been devastated by the opioid epidemic. This bipartisan piece of legislation will save lives & help heal our communities. We must sustain this effort & continue working together to end this epidemicpic.twitter.com/dqdm3VzX6p Once again President Trump advances restrictive immigration policies by cutting refugee admissions to a new historic low. This decision betrays American values, compromises American leadership, & closes American borders to the world’s most vulnerable. … Yet again, the Trump Administration is attacking the FBI & DOJ in an attempt to politicize law enforcement, interfere with an ongoing investigation, & use classified information as a political weapon. … "There needs to be a complete investigation here by the FBI, taking as long as is necessary" - @SenBlumenthal on Kavanaugh allegation:pic.twitter.com/jx8Gvv5B0A BREAKING: Public hearing with Kavanaugh and accuser Professor Ford will be take place Monday  @SenBlumenthal: "If we fail" to complete fact-finding before hearing, "we're going to be shooting in the dark"pic.twitter.com/JWrI6QqBjj Communities in CT are doing imperative & important work to aid those impacted by Hurricane Florence. Thanks to all the first responders (including 63 from @CTRedCross) who are down in the Carolinas helping those affected by the storm.pic.twitter.com/ct2sjSa3Lm I call on my Republican colleagues to step forward & stand up for a full, fair FBI investigation of Dr. Ford’s allegations. Without question #PostponeTheVote. Only a full, fair FBI investigation, including sworn interviews with all relevant witnesses & review of all documents, is an acceptable next step. It must precede any staff interviews or any possible additional hearings. To Ms. Ford, & to all survivors: you are not alone. I’m dismayed by Republican dismissals of a sexual assault & denigration of a survivor. Calling an assault a political ploy & mocking Ms. Ford's wish for confidentiality reinforces dangerous preconceptions that shame&silence survivors. These comments are despicable&deeply harmful. Ms. Ford has shown incredible bravery in coming forward. Now that she has made her story public, I am committed to ensuring that she is heard, that her safety is protected, & that she is treated with respect. The Senate Judiciary Committee must now give these allegations the serious weight they deserve. They must be fully & fairly investigated. Unquestionably, the Kavanaugh confirmation vote must be delayed. … Cooperating with the Special Counsel means nothing is off the table—Manafort must answer questions on the full range of criminal activity that he engaged in. Today’s guilty plea & cooperation agreement add another name to the already extensive list of Trump associates who have admitted to engaging in serious criminal wrongdoing. Very bad news for Manafort’s former boss. What happened in–& after–the June 9th Trump Tower meeting where Manafort & others met Russian agents to get ‘dirt’ on Clinton? Why did the RNC change its stance on Ukraine to become friendlier to US adversary, Russia? Paul Manafort may have the answers to these questions. Manafort’s guilty plea is another victory for the Special Counsel, & may provide an additional wave of info about possible collusion between the Trump campaign & Russia. … “This nomination is going to be tainted. It will be stained by a badly broken process that has shattered the norms & broken the traditions of this committee. It has been rushed through to judgement in a highly partisan & unfortunately failed way.” #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/zv2ynDiHmc Horrifying lies coming from Trump this morning. Blatant denial & disrespect for the 3,000 AMERICANS who lost their lives because of his mismanagement & inaction during Maria. Instead of blaming the people impacted by the Hurricane, take action—help them to rebuild & recover. Congratulations & welcome Dr. Wen. I look forward to working with you to ensure women are able to make their own reproductive health care decisions. … Weak & weaker—Trump sanctions lack the critical punch to deter Putin from his continuing attack on our democracy. Tough legislation now even more necessary. … As #HurricaneFlorence approaches, thank you to the women & men of the @CTNationalGuard for being on standby to aid your fellow Americans. Stay safe. #AlwaysReadyAlwaysThere … The time is now for real action—not rhetoric or reliance on industry promises. FDA has the legal power—but needs the will—to stop the spread of flavored e-cigarettes by removing them from the market & saving another generation from nicotine addiction.  Finally seeing real federal action to address the opioid epidemic. If passed, this breakthrough bipartisan bill would help support CT law enforcement, health care providers, & individuals in recovery. This legislation must be the start—not end—of providing greater aid & reform.pic.twitter.com/r7b1ErB3J1 Nothing successful about 3,000 deaths. The Trump Admin’s response in PR was & remains a disgrace. A year later, we still lack a recovery plan to ensure all on the island have access to safe homes & vital public services. That is fact—bragging & boasting cannot alter reality. … Susanne Lyons represents the corrupt culture at USOC that continually prioritized medal counts over athlete safety. How can we take USOC’s promises of change seriously with this kind of move? Shuffling Susanne Lyons from one position to another within the organization is classic USOC—protecting insiders execs with no regard to athletes. @TeamUSA: Did you even think of how survivors would react?  We grieve as one, united nation today. 17 years have passed, but we will always remember the fallen, their families, & the heroic efforts of all who responded. Terror, hate, & fear cannot defeat a nation bonded by love, freedom, & justice. #NeverForget More questions than answers—about seemingly misleading testimony from Brett Kavanaugh—that require full document disclosure & another hearing. Senators who vote on this record, with more holes than Swiss cheese, will be condemned by history. … Kavanaugh fails to show even Gorsuch’s minimal fortitude—to denounce attacks on judges as “disheartening” & “demoralizing.” He gives a green light to Trump’s gutter assault on our independent judiciary. No backbone against Trump’s bullying—Kavanaugh’s failure to stand up to Trump’s venal attacks on Justice Ginsburg show abject absence of judicial independence. … “Abortion on-demand”; “existing precedent”; “abortion inducing drugs”—Kavanaugh’s bullhorn bumper stickers clearly signal his intent: to overturn Roe v. Wade. Kavanaugh, in referring to Roe v. Wade in 2003, said #SCOTUS “can always overrule its precedent.” Last week he refused to commit otherwise. What more revelations are Republicans hiding in 100,000 concealed documents? Senate must reject this decisive 5th vote to roll back Roe. … I asked Aalayah Eastmond, a Parkland survivor, what she would say to Judge Kavanaugh in response to his opinion that assault weapons can’t be banned under the 2nd Amendment. This was her answer.  Thank you Aalayah.pic.twitter.com/732MqYpeFh With the nation focused on other news, the Trump Admin proposed a new rule to indefinitely detain immigrant children. Again we see this Admin having no respect for basic human rights, our nation's core values, & the rule of law. This cannot be ignored.  Judge Kavanaugh twice refused to say he would protect the Affordable Care Act from Donald Trump. Under Kavanaugh’s view, Trump could unilaterally eliminate the ACA’s protections for 134 million Americans with preexisting conditions, including 1.5 million in Connecticut.pic.twitter.com/8Q2CXXlrYg Sen. Richard Blumenthal is calling on Judge Kavanaugh to recuse himself from Trump-related cases: "He must commit in this confirmation hearing that he would take himself out of any consideration of any issue involving the President's personal, criminal or civil liability"pic.twitter.com/vEpeCGRUi4 “He is clearly a potential 5th vote.” @SenBlumenthal on Brett Kavanaugh’s thoughts on overturning Roe v. Wade.  Judge Kavanaugh spoke repeatedly during the hearing about the importance of an independent judiciary, but won’t defend the legendary & respected Justice Ginsburg against Trump’s blatant attacks.pic.twitter.com/zJsstAfTgo This.  Thank you @SenBlumenthal. This is #WhatsAtStake: People's lives. Kavanaugh is a threat to the Affordable Care Act and could make it impossible for people with pre-existing conditions to get affordable health insurance. We can't go back. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/hlD5tJ7wR4 When @SenBlumenthal asked him last year, Neil Gorsuch said it was “disheartening” and “demoralizing” for the president to criticize the integrity of the judiciary. Blumenthal just asked Kavanaugh about Trump's attacks on the judiciary, and he had little to say. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/QEfu84T09u Judge Kavanaugh refused to answer whether a judge should be attacked based on heritage, the way Judge Gonzalo Curiel was attacked for being Mexican. No judge, or any individual, should ever be attacked because of their ethnicity. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/Oilex5Y6cS Time to continue my line of questioning with Judge Kavanaugh. It is of utmost importance to understand his record on vital rights & liberties for the sake of the American people. … I asked Judge Kavanaugh about this Roe v. Wade email—despite Chairman Grassley purportedly designating it as “committee confidential,” which isn’t permitted under Senate rules—because Americans deserve transparency, not concealment:  pic.twitter.com/ZhDEjlGOHi “All of these documents belong to the people of the Unites States.. and they will come out eventually, so shame on my colleagues if they conceal them now.” –@SenBlumenthal #StopKavanaugh #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/WbWNzb8sKR I asked Judge Kavanaugh to recuse himself from any #SCOTUS case involving the criminal or civil liability of President Trump. He refused.pic.twitter.com/aVpkitGMOt .@SenBlumenthal just asked Brett Kavanaugh: Can you commit, here today, to never overturning Roe v. Wade?   Kavanaugh refused. #SaveRoe #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/g1MtUwrlTY In [the Garza] dissent three times you used the term "Abortion on demand." Abortion on demand...is a code word in the anti-choice community. In fact, it's used by Justices Scalia and Thomas their dissents from Supreme Court opinions that affirm Roe V. Wade. -- @SenBlumenthalpic.twitter.com/JZx6vbJ3UP WATCH LIVE: As I question Judge Kavanaugh about his troubling record, including his extreme positions on reproductive rights & presidential power. … Americans’ rights & liberties are at stake with this nomination. Today I’ll be asking Judge Kavanaugh tough & vital questions about his record—which he must answer fully for the sake of the American people. Here are my thoughts as I head into the hearing.pic.twitter.com/Rl5uozeuHi .@SenBlumenthal, D-Conn., on Judge Brett Kavanaugh: "I am a 'no' on this nominee. But the important opinions here are of the American people."  pic.twitter.com/V1CAV77hyv .@fred_guttenberg deserves better than a cold shoulder—not just because he’s Jaime’s dad & a dedicated advocate for gun violence reform, but because he’s an American citizen, here in DC participating in our democracy. … "We need to know what it is about his views on this imperial Presidency that may allow Donald Trump in effect to be appointing the Judge in his own case" - @SenBlumenthal on Kavanaugh missing documentspic.twitter.com/Q1ML0Wkw2M I spent three years as Chief Counsel of the @senjudiciary Committee.  Sen. Blumenthal's motion is NOT out of order.  It is privileged, and entitled to a vote.    Those are the Committee's rules. … Fact check: Look at @senjudiciary's rules of procedure. @SenBlumenthal's request, under Rule IV, to hold a vote on a motion to adjourn Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing is not out of order.   #StopKavanaugh  cc: Chairman @ChuckGrassleypic.twitter.com/Rji1SPb806 "I will not cast a vote more important than this one. I suspect few of my colleagues will as well.”  – @SenBlumenthal says to Kavanaugh at his confirmation hearing.pic.twitter.com/rhkN4b1vDK .@SenBlumenthal says Judge Kavanaugh could cast a “decisive vote” on key matters of presidential power – “No one can select a judge in his own case”pic.twitter.com/KOKsIqC7fP .@SenBlumenthal moves to adjourn the Kavanaugh hearing – “we have been denied real access to the documents we need to advise and consent, which turns this hearing into a charade and a mockery of our norms.” #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/82fGVjD8lD Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing begins today. Tune in LIVE as I share why I am deeply troubled by this rushed & reckless nomination process. … This AM, all @SenateDems on the Judiciary Committee will preview #WhatsAtStake in the Kavanaugh nomination to the Supreme Court. Republicans are forcing his hearing without his full record, leaving us to ask: What are they hiding? Watch LIVE at 8:45: … We celebrate this Labor Day the vast & valuable service of American workers - and recognize our obligation to provide more & better jobs, the skill training to fill them, enhanced health care & job safety. John McCain will always be an American hero, & I feel immensely fortunate to have been his friend. John McCain’s dedication to the American dream should remind us always: whatever our differences, we are all Americans. Moving & powerful, John McCain’s memorial service celebrated his love of America & his unshakable belief in its values: freedom, courage, resilience. Today’s service was a reminder of how our nation must mend our divisions & seek bipartisan solutions worthy of America’s greatness If history is a guide, stripping passports/citizenship is another step in the authoritarian playbook. Americans are tired of this bigotry. … Great to see the Sikander family again—under happier circumstances. With the court’s stay of Salma’s deportation this family will be able to remain together. I’ll continue to work toward comprehensive immigration reform to restore reason to this badly broken system.pic.twitter.com/lFj0BiqjXJ How dare DeVos think of lessening the liability of colleges/universities for sexual assault instead of standing with & helping survivors. Deplorable & disgusting. This must not come to fruition. … Insurers should never be free to cherry pick customers, deny coverage to patients w/preexisting conditions & impose annual limits on coverage. I stand with my colleagues to stop Trump's junk insurance plans—systematically sabotaging people’s health care.  Proud to have worked with @SenFeinstein & @SenWarren to introduce a bill providing long overdue health care & compensation benefits to veterans who selflessly participated in the cleanup of radioactive material in Palomares, Spain—one of the largest nuclear disasters in history. Mariee’s death is a tragedy for which the US gov bears responsibility. This admin is recklessly putting children's lives at risk. Since Trump won't guarantee the health & safety of immigrant children, courts must continue exercising rigorous oversight. #FamiliesBelongTogether … PR’s Hurricane Maria death toll now raised to 2,975—makes clear the tragic loss of American lives is far beyond the 64 initial federal gov toll. The Trump admin must honor the victims, help still struggling evacuees & make sure future storms are met with real preparation & relief … Democratic Senator Blumenthal says he’s talked to a number of Republican colleagues and thinks ”there would be holy hell to pay” if the President fired Attorney General Jeff Sessions. “It would be a grave mistake.”  pic.twitter.com/Bk3D9WWfrl “Donald Trump seems to be taking another page from his Charlottesville playbook,” Senator Blumenthal responds to the President warning of “violence” if Republicans lose in the midterms  pic.twitter.com/3GuolHYprI Evidence mounts that Juul marketed its e-cigarettes to children & teens. Straight out of Big Tobacco's playbook, they have been targeting kids to get nicotine addicted customers for life. FDA must continue its full investigation into this disgusting & despicable targeting. … Kavanaugh’s distorted view of the 1st Amendment & #NetNeutrality is dangerously anti-consumer & would turn back the clock on protecting consumers from predatory actions by cable companies. EpiPen shortages have been compounded by high prices—simply unacceptable. Manufacturers gouging prices & six fold price increase is inexplicable. The CURE High Drug Prices Act will allow the federal government to step in & stop these skyrocketing prices once & for all.pic.twitter.com/ob2BQdFcTa Our judiciary continues to protect public safety while Congress unconscionably caves to the NRA & far-right fringe groups. Why won’t my fellow Senators pass legislation to stop ghost guns?  “@SenJohnMcCain is deserving of the highest honors this nation can bestow on its military heroes and public servants,” @SenBlumenthal says #NBCCTpic.twitter.com/BZkbALRsay I’m glad to see companies’ change of heart on privacy rules. I welcome their feedback. But negotiations must start by recognizing Americans deserve the same protections as Europeans. We’ve tried voluntary standards ➜ Voluntary standards led to Cambridge Analytica  It’s Congress’s responsibility to protect consumers with strong nationwide privacy rules. Nothing less. Big tech tried to thwart California’s pioneering privacy rules. Now it’s trying to steamroll Congress. I won’t let it happen.  Frotman’s resignation letter is damning. The Trump admin would rather side with the $1.5 trillion student loan industry than student borrowers who struggle with skyrocketing prices & increasingly aggressive loan policies. … I am sickened & saddened— & angry beyond words—by another senseless mass shooting adding to 90 deaths every day from gun violence. We cannot accept this continuing epidemic as normal. Congress is complicit by eyes wide open inaction. … Our country lost an American hero & true public servant. John McCain was the epitome of grit & grace, & his selfless service will continue to inspire this nation to choose courage over cowardice, & country over party. My thoughts & prayers are with his family & loved ones. “What kind of man is this?” Sessions is answering Trump. Every one of us will be judged by history, about ourselves, in answer to that question. Silence is complicity. Republicans must shake their moral stupor.pic.twitter.com/ppJtNwXrzs Who benefits when we put more firearms in schools? Not teachers, not parents, not students. The gun industry. Blatantly political ploy by DeVos must be stopped. #BooksNotBulletspic.twitter.com/jWThgmhyNs Pleased yesterday’s spending bill, which boosts support for public health, education, national security, & workforce development, passed the Senate. CT will receive much needed resources to combat the opioid epidemic & fund defense programs that will create jobs in our state. NOW: All 10 Democratic members of the Senate Judiciary Committee have called to delay Brett Kavanaugh's hearing, calling out the "unprecedented lack of transparency" regarding his record. Read the full letter  #HaltTheHearing #ReleasetheRecordspic.twitter.com/lqy0OOdDfY A hero & warrior, a wonderful public servant & friend, John McCain is truly a towering model of patriotism, & our hearts are with him & his family during these difficult days. As the school year starts, teachers will be using their own money to buy basic supplies for their classroom while the government is looking into using school funding to buy guns… a sickening idea. #BooksNotBulletspic.twitter.com/wUbYTNwMK9 .@LindseyGrahamSC told reporters he expects Trump to oust Sessions after this fall's midterm elections. @SenBlumenthal says the White House is “increasingly looking like a criminal enterprise.”pic.twitter.com/obPbKO29zy Proud to support @ChrisMurphyCT's provision to halt U.S. military operations in Yemen. American military might should be reserved for securing peace through strength not targeting civilians. Proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stop the President from revoking security clearances to prevent dissent & free speech from the national security community. … Limited paid sick days shouldn't prevent disabled veterans from receiving the health care they need. The Senate just passed a bipartisan bill to ensure vets, pursuing medical careers at the VA, can access additional leave to receive care. A win for vets & the VA. Not surprising, but still appalling that the Trump Administration is trying to hide behind bureaucracy to keep their plans to financially harm our troops hidden from view.pic.twitter.com/bJYsBBeiJL Instead of turning educators into enforcers, let’s use federal grant funding to better support vulnerable students & provide mental health resources. Solutions experts say actually work. Guns don’t belong in schools, Ms. DeVos. There is zero evidence that arming teachers would provide any kind of deterrent against mass shootings—it would only turn our schools into fortresses. … I will not meet with Judge Kavanaugh. Here are my reasons why:pic.twitter.com/dBAlC5qJGO "These bombshell convictions should shake my Republican colleagues out of their moral stupor" - @SenBlumenthal   "If they fail to show more backbone and more moral fiber, they will be punished by the American people in the elections to come"pic.twitter.com/YRsgJwqimX These latest bombshell convictions should shake Republicans out of their moral stupor. If they continue with their purposeful inertia, the American people will do it for them. Humbled to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony for TSgt Chapman, a CT son & American hero. In the desolate mountains of Afghanistan he fought to his death, seeking to save his comrades. I was moved & privileged to join his family to celebrate his extraordinary service & sacrifice. “If Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed, if his nomination is rushed through, it will be forever a stain on this court.” -@SenBlumenthal #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/PUXEjIGq2y Kavanaugh hearing must be immediately postponed so Judiciary Committee can continue vital investigation of Trump campaign criminality & obstruction of justice. The President of the United States has been implicated in a criminal plot to violate campaign finance laws & influence the outcome of an election. Under no circumstances should we be considering his nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court in just one week. After bombshell convictions of key Trump cohorts—& identification of President Trump as an unnamed, unidicted co-conspirator—Judiciary Committee must postpone Kavanaugh nomination hearing. Today we have learned a lot from @facebook & @Microsoft about foreign interference from Russia & Iran. The American public has a right to know what’s happening—the administration should be more transparent on threats to the midterms. The Kremlin playbook of meddling now used by Iran. By failing to deter Russia, Trump paved the way for every US adversary to interfere in our democracy. Time for Congress to act! … Senator Blumenthal says if President Trump pardons his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, “he would be screaming to the world: ‘I am guilty.’”  pic.twitter.com/7du0DcPvoW The loose talk about possible pardons should end now. For the President to pardon either Manafort or Cohen would be reprehensible & irresponsible—an abuse of power, & possible obstruction of justice. After this powerful verdict, the President’s attacks seem increasingly desperate & dishonest—reflecting an ongoing effort to obstruct the Special Counsel investigation. The Mueller legal team’s abundance of evidence was on full display in this first major test in the courtroom. The Mueller team will now continue following the facts—& the money—as this investigation circles ever closer to the Oval Office. No one is above the law—not Manafort & not his former boss, Donald Trump. Not a witch hunt or hoax, this milestone verdict is a message: the Special Counsel is for real—getting results through real facts & evidence compelling to a jury of Americans. White House looks increasingly like a criminal enterprise with the convictions today of President Trump’s former campaign manager & personal lawyer— & the inclusion of the President as an unnamed, unindicted co-conspirator in the Cohen plea agreement. A legal & political bombshell. The Michael Cohen plea agreement names a “candidate for federal office” who directed him to violate campaign finance law. There is no other reading: President Trump is an unindicted criminal co-conspirator. The allegations against Cohen are serious & continue to reflect the culture of corruption & illegality surrounding the President. Cohen has made the right choice by taking responsibility for his actions. He must now cooperate with fed investigators.  The US & CT has a proud moral tradition of aiding the world’s most vulnerable refugees. Secretary Pompeo must not bend to Trump's wishes & instead protect this basic American tenet. Refugee caps must not be reduced to historic lows when the global need is at extreme highs.pic.twitter.com/xPShvcsQMv Trump’s plan to roll back the Clean Power Plan by weakening pollution controls for coal-fired power plants will increase carbon emissions & premature deaths—a disaster for our planet & detriment to our health. … The U.S. Treasury imposition of additional sanctions on Russia for their most recent cyber warfare is a step in the right direction, but might be too little too late. “Sanctions from hell” necessary now. We must recognize the new cyber battlefield & impose real costs on attackers. Russia must pay a price for their malign offensive—if we don’t hold them accountable today, Tehran & Pyongyang will use their playbook tomorrow. Stunning Microsoft disclosure of Russian hacking targeting the Senate shows cyber attacks continue unabated. Following the same playbook as the last election, Russia continues to interfere in our democratic process. … Communities like New Haven also need emergency supplies of Narcan—a simple step the fed gov can take to save lives nationwide. This public health crisis is not a red or blue state emergency, & I'm hopeful there can be the start of a bipartisan solution.   I asked Acting Drug Czar, Jim Carroll, today for his support on steps the fed gov can take to stop the sale & use of deadly opioids & synthetic drugs like K2 & fentanyl—responsible for recent CT overdoses. Together, we are building bipartisan support for commonsense legislation.pic.twitter.com/m6pLnrF3GD Without waiting for Congress or the Trump administration, states have passed many laws to hold down drug prices, over the objections of manufacturers. CT & other states showing Feds how to crackdown on spiraling drug prices—stopping profiteering & price-gouging, & providing consumers more honest information & lower cost choices, etc. thanks to @SeanScanlonCT & other CT legislators … What are Republicans so scared of Americans learning about Kavanaugh? I’ve urged repeatedly—we have a right & responsibility to know. #WhatAreTheyHiding … Judge Kavanaugh appears to hold troubling views that could negatively impact the lives of millions of Americans.  The question remains: What are Republicans hiding?pic.twitter.com/pXhSIDeGB0 Took a drive today with @UConnEngineer's autonomous vehicle simulator. This “hands-off” experience added to my understanding of what policies we need to put in place to keep passengers, pedestrians, & drivers safe on the roads.pic.twitter.com/EjG4WGRPoe Students should have access to financial aid without a complex obstacle course—our bill will help cut student debt & provide assistance to those who need it most.pic.twitter.com/ndAQE15dxT Federal resources & new laws are vital, particularly to combat synthetic substances like K-2 & fentanyl. I’ll fight for both, & support law enforcement who respond to these tragedies. I spent time with New Haven emergency responders this morning— thanking them for their extraordinary lifesaving work in more than 100 overdose cases in the last 48 hours.pic.twitter.com/N9QSbwjP4y Spoke with New Haven @MayorHarp earlier to offer help & thanks to the first responders following the recent fentanyl-laced K2 overdoses. Communities across CT are on the front lines of the opioid epidemic & the federal government needs to provide greater support. Real patriotism should mean $92 million to honor military service & benefit veterans, not glorify politicians. Improve vets health care, more jobs & skills, end vet homelessness & suicides—still killing at least 20 heroes every day. … 73 years ago marked the end of one of our nation’s fiercest wars. I was honored & humbled yesterday to attend the @CityofDanbury Council of Veterans’ remembrance for all WW II Veterans who lost their lives or served. Thank you to the greatest generation for defending our nation.pic.twitter.com/q4rJppszXG Her music & activism inspired generations & will continue to for years to come. Rest in power Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin.pic.twitter.com/o7llX4QHYt Our #FreePress is not the enemy—journalists work hard every day to bring us the truth. I stand with reporters & will continue to fight for their 1st Amendment rights. … These overdoses are an undeniable call to action for CT & the whole nation. We must act to stop drugs laced with more potent & deadly substances. … Senator Blumenthal claims the President revoking ex-CIA Director Brennan’s security clearance is illegal because “it’s retaliation for protected speech”  pic.twitter.com/8lVm7P1P56 Only 1% of Kavanaugh’s WH docs have been made public AND many docs were selected by his former deputy & longtime political operative. We only have ‘minor clues’ to Kavanaugh’s formative WH years because of pervasive partisan screening. #WhatAreTheyHiding? … Dissent & free speech ≠ “erratic behavior.” Trump should not punish a public servant & endanger national security to change a media narrative about corruption & racism in the WH. In fact, it’s likely an illegal use of presidential power. … Thank you to the staff of @IntercommunityI for helping me celebrate National Health Center Week & for your work to provide primary care, mental health care, & addiction recovery services to the Greater Hartford community. #NHCW18pic.twitter.com/NFHSCC3KOx Every outcome on abortion with Kavanaugh on #SCOTUS would result in women’s health & rights being fundamentally undermined. Call your Senator & share your story. #WhatsAtStake Ask the women of TX or those living in 22 states (not all red) about laws deterring & limiting access to abortions. With Kavanaugh’s appointment, the ‘Most Likely’ option = severe restrictions & free license for more states to follow. Even “chipping away” at #RoevWade means deeply egregious restrictions on real rights, & enduring damage to real lives—especially women least able to afford or access care. Santi’s medical care has been a miracle, but it shouldn’t take a miracle to keep his family together. All it takes is common sense immigration policies. #FamiliesBelongTogether  …pic.twitter.com/j7xNZY6b6z We can’t ignore the brutal cleansing of Muslim minorities in China or the ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar. Religious persecution everywhere must be eradicated. Perpetrators of China’s massive human rights violations must be named, shamed & sanctioned— & stopped. I’ll join @marcorubio & others in action to help halt this inhumane brutality. … Happy 83rd birthday to Social Security—a program supporting millions of American seniors & helping those w/disabilities live with dignity & economic independence. I am committed to working to strengthen the program & ensure its continuation for generations to come.pic.twitter.com/7DBLJoL93v It should be simple—“off” means “off.” Google’s relentless obsession with following our every movement is encroaching  & creepy. I’ve called for an FTC investigation into its persistent privacy invasions.  Thanks for having me! I’m proud to celebrate the impact community health centers like @familycenters make in communities across CT & the nation through providing essential health care services. … Double Standard  #WhatAreTheyHiding … Our nation needs real leadership from the White House & a firm commitment to equality & tolerance, still lacking a year after Charlottesville’s senseless tragedy as white supremacists gather today in DC. No way on earth (or elsewhere) do I believe Robert Mueller gave Giuliani a “deadline” of Sept 1 (or any date). Good prosecutors simply don’t set arbitrary deadlines, which Giuliani knows well. … After President Trump’s major concession ending military exercises, North Korea now demanding the U.S. declare Korean War over—before the tiniest step toward denuclearization. Who’s winning? Only North Korea. North Korea refusing even to list its nuclear production facilities, warhead stockpiles & missiles—& building more. Is this what President Trump calls success? Stiffer sanctions, & a strategy, are vital. … "The President of the United States is not above the law. He has no free pass to avoid investigations" - @SenBlumenthal believes Robert Mueller should interview President Donald Trump if it's necessary as part of the Russia investigation  pic.twitter.com/trne5NFIp3 "I have been so appalled and astonished by many of my colleagues in the United States Congress who have joined in this effort to demean and disrespect" Mueller and the Russia probe - @SenBlumenthalpic.twitter.com/frvk4GhFEn This justice will cast votes that determine whether women can choose if or when to have children, whether our air & water are clean, & whether the President is above the law. Senate Republicans must not rush to judgement while significant facts & information are concealed. Chairman Grassley’s rushed & irresponsible hearing schedule is a disgrace & disservice to the American people, our Constitution, & the rule of law. The agenda provides no time for adequate production—let alone review—of documents critical to properly vet this nominee. Senator Blumenthal on why Republicans won't just open the books on Brett Kavanaugh as was done for Elena Kagan's confirmation: "There is absolutely no principled explanation for it."pic.twitter.com/BhLlKSH1rm REMINDER 88 days before the midterms, & #DefCon organizers prove it’s still open season for hackers/foreign interference. @LindseyGrahmSC, @SenWhitehouse, & I have legislation to secure the voting infrastructure our democracy relies on. What are my colleagues waiting for? … Sneakily seeking to deport a woman while she is pleading her case in court is the height of arrogance & inhumanity. AG Sessions should be held in contempt for contravening the court by putting women & children in danger of being killed or harmed while a hearing is underway. … Temporary relief is no replacement for a long-term plan to address the serious housing crisis for Puerto Rican evacuees. … Thousands of fellow Americans, like Ana & her family, are living in limbo in hotels & emergency shelters, on sofas, because FEMA is refusing to take the same kind of actions taken in the wake of countless other natural disasters.pic.twitter.com/zk3jVdusFE "[Brett Kavanaugh] is the critical swing vote if the special counsel issues a subpoena and it goes the United States Supreme Court, he may well be the one to determine whether the president has to comply with the subpoena."  –@SenBlumenthal  Hurricane Maria’s official death toll is a searing, sickening indictment of the federal response. Trump & Admin must honor the 1,427 victims, help the evacuees who are still struggling, & meet future storms with real, robust preparation & relief—not apathy & ambivalence. … What keeps me up at night is the threat to these rights and liberties, and the threat to the rule of law. - @SenBlumenthal speaking to @ACSUConnLaw about Brett Kavanaugh's #SCOTUS nominationpic.twitter.com/z1gI6Ef9B9 Below-market, backroom sales to friends & allies is not true divestment. I’m glad the FCC agrees. I hope the FCC continues closely scrutinizing mega-mergers to protect the public interest. Victory for consumers who value localism & diversity in broadcasting. … A child dies in a car as a result of heat every ten days. This is inexcusable. We are here to make sure lives are saved through public awareness & passing my HOT CARS Act—requiring sensor safe technology to alert parents when they leave a child in the car.pic.twitter.com/ljpTAJAf3y The VA needs a housecleaning. Trump political insiders & cronies cannot seek to skew VA policies & personnel to serve their private agendas above veterans’ interests. Immediate reforms are vital to assure that veterans are put first. … Must-read from @NBCNews: the Trump Hotel should not be a paradise for peddling foreign gov influence. Our emoluments suit ensures the President is not above the law & profiting from his position. … Never before has the minority party been forced to use FOIA to access vital information about a #SCOTUS nominee. But there is too much at stake to accept anything less than a complete picture of Judge Kavanaugh’s background. The extraordinary step of filing a FOIA is a last resort—unprecedented & unfortunate, but necessary to fully & fairly review Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. We need these documents to do our job. I’m filing a Freedom of Information Act request with my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Committee in an attempt to obtain crucial documents our Republican colleagues refuse to request from Judge Kavanaugh’s formative time at the White House. Proud to learn that Hartford (#7) & New Haven (#9) are two of the top #AmeriCities. Thanks to all who give their time & efforts serving in schools, nonprofits, & community & faith-based organizations across the country.pic.twitter.com/WRNdRckoY3 It's abominable that in 2018, black women make 63¢ for every $1 earned by white men. This #BlackWomensEqualPayDay, it's time to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act & level the playing field once & for all.  Prescription drug prices are out of control around the US & especially in CT. This issue demands immediate bipartisan action. I'm beginning a Summer of Action with town halls, meetings, & round tables to generate the awareness & action necessary to combat skyrocketing prices.pic.twitter.com/O9QczaSuKI Yesterday, I heard Linda's story: She suffers from a common medical condition that requires her to take 2 medications. When first prescribed, these drugs cost her $15. Now she pays almost $600 a month. For many patients like Linda, this issue has life & death consequences.pic.twitter.com/AayTWYBWvY Lying to the Judiciary Committee is a crime—which Donald Trump Jr. seemingly committed. He must be called back to testify in public, as I’ve urged, so the American people know. … Sensitive military operations shouldn’t be exposed by fitness trackers & insecure devices. DOD is responding with action I urged to protect military service members from emerging threats posed by digital tracking. … Why deny knowledge (“I didn’t know about it!”) if the Trump Tower Russian agents meeting was perfectly OK? In fact, it wasn’t. Mushrooming legal jeopardy for father & son who can’t get their stories straight. President Trump's admission is a major retreat, deepening his criminal culpability— & Donald Trump, Jr.'s —for Trump Tower meeting with Russian agents to get illegal “dirt” on Clinton & lies afterward. President Trump's concession on Trump Tower meeting with Russian agents shows enveloping legal quicksand of obstructing justice & escalating exposure of Donald Trump, Jr. … Sunlight is the best disinfectant. Administration concealment instills distrust. Senators & the American people deserve to know what Kavanaugh did, wrote, & said during his time at the WH—the “most instructive” & transformative period, he says, in his life. … First official kidnapping, then incompetence&cruelty, followed by malign neglect—all to deter asylum seekers from escaping brutal&barbaric violence. All unworthy of America. A federal judge today rightly excoriated inept, ineffective family reunification efforts by an Administration whose policy of malign neglect is inflicting deep enduring pain on innocent children. Still no reliable plan or path to reunify. The federal judge spoke truth to Trump&power: reunify children still cruelly separated from their parents. No more disgraceful delay. … Top HHS official says the agency warned the Trump administration that separating children from their parents would be detrimental to their health.  "We raised a number of concerns...about any policy which would result in family separation."  pic.twitter.com/Fo9yOFOS9N As important as deterring attackers is hardening our defenses—especially our election systems. Our legislation to protect voting machines will better equip the DOJ to fight back against hackers & foreign governments attacking our elections & democracy. Let's immediately pass the crushing sanctions bill introduced this week—which includes my Defending the Integrity of Voting Systems Act. 60 years ago today, the #USSNautilus (SSN-571) became the first watercraft to reach the geographic North Pole. I am delighted to see the Submarine Force Museum in Groton commemorate this event. Learn More:  …pic.twitter.com/Wfax7RckAN Trump's trotting out his top security team is no substitute for action—like supporting crushing new sanctions against Russia. Will he lead, or continue to be Putin's buddy? Crushing new sanctions against Russia eminently deserved as punishment & deterrent. Senate should approve Graham-Menendez bill ASAP. Trump's silence is deafening. If Trump truly has nothing to hide, he will agree to a sit-down interview with Mueller—without straight jacket restrictions. If no deal is reached, the Special Counsel should subpoena the President, & take this cause to the courts of law & public opinion.  Was easing sanctions on Russian oligarch & Putin ally Oleg Deripaska part of the secret discussions in Helsinki? What other concealed deals don't we know about? Oligarch Oleg Deripaska, who loaned tens of millions to Paul Manafort, is a friend of Putin & now apparently Trump, too. A financial web of treachery. … Deeply distressing that the National Intelligence Director & the American people still don’t know what happened in Helsinki. … The Resolution my colleagues & I introduced yesterday condemns the Trump Admin for these baseless & dangerous attacks. This is not a partisan issue—my Republican colleagues should sign on. This kind of behavior is characteristic of despots & dictators—not American presidents. A robust free press plays an incredibly important role in democracy, & the White House should stop attacking it. Remarkable & Shameful. WH Press Secretary Sarah Sanders refuses to unequivocally state that the press is NOT in fact the enemy of the people.pic.twitter.com/hmk1IiVUVq Time for action, not just talk to fight Russian aggression: stronger sanctions; stricter cyber measures to punish & deter ongoing attacks; naming & shaming Putin & oligarch wealth concealed abroad, stolen from Russian people. … A sad & bad day for America’s lungs, pocket books, & world standing—this roll back is a reckless self inflicted environmental wound. … These predatory plans offer few benefits & guarantee even fewer basic protections. Insurers should never be free to cherry pick their customers, deny coverage to patients with preexisting conditions, & impose annual limits on coverage. Plain & simple. Trump’s continuing systematic sabotage of the ACA endangers countless Americans. The decision to expand & promote junk health plans puts our entire health care system & consumers at risk. … Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal: The White House is moving the goalpost for a potential interview with Mueller, because “the President is a tinderbox of potential perjury.”  pic.twitter.com/0WRkrfkIeR Punishing reporters for simply doing their job is a strongman tactic that cannot be tolerated in a free democracy. President Trump may not like tough questions, but that’s simply too bad. Retaliating & banning reporters from public briefings on public property & retweeting the harassment of reporters at his rallies violates the public trust & perhaps the law. The same day we introduce a resolution condemning the White House’s treatment of reporters, President Trump amplifies attacks on CNN’s @Acosta. This is unacceptable & intolerable. Introduced a resolution today w/Senate colleagues reaffirming our commitment to the First Amendment calling on the President to respect our free press rather than demean & diminish it. This #SCOTUS fight is the fight of our lives. Thanks to all who are battling together, & everyone who joined us today. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/NgCuZg7aie Ongoing obstruction of justice in real time right before our eyes—as Trump’s tweets add mounting evidence of criminal intent. Republican colleagues will be judged harshly if they fail to stand up for the Special Counsel. Trump’s outlandish request for AG Sessions to stop the Special Counsel’s investigation is like the Saturday Night Massacre. Firing the Special Counsel is an absolute red line. Sen McConnell must bring Special Counsel protection legislation to the floor. Sen. Richard Blumenthal responds to ICE official's statements that family detention centers are like summer camp: "No way. You would never send your children to a detention facility behind fences and barbed wire without access to the outside world"  pic.twitter.com/zMcBsh5LnO On this, Trump officials & I agree: they failed.pic.twitter.com/1Ts3Hpiq6X Blumenthal on hearing testimony about the child separations: One career official said that it was the result of a deliberate process that actually “took account of the pain and trauma that would be inflicted on these children … it amounts to official kidnapping and child abuse”pic.twitter.com/ZGgVmCaHdP “There is mounting evidence that Donald Trump Jr. misled, or even more likely, perjured himself before our committee,” Sen. Blumenthal says about Trump Jr.’s testimony over the Trump Tower meeting  pic.twitter.com/IAL1eBIMfj This court order offers only a temporary reprieve. A permanent solution means banning ghost guns. Blood will be on the hands of all who fail to act. Trump must say “no” to the NRA & permanently halt 3D ghost gun designs that enable terrorists & criminals to evade detectors & tracing. Today’s court order makes no less necessary our legislation to ban untraceable, undetectable homemade plastic guns that threaten a new wave of gun violence. … A courageous judge has stepped up to save public safety & stop ghost guns—after an Administration sellout—but it's only a temporary solution. Trump must act. Congress should pass our bills. … Undeterred cyberattacks against Congress & renew disinformation campaigns are the direct result of the WH’s failure to confront Russia. The warning lights are blinking red again, is the President paying attention? In less than 100 days, Americans will go to the polls to make critical decisions about the future of our country. We must ensure these decisions are made by the American people—not Moscow. … Undetectable & untraceable plastic weapons will spawn the next terrifying wave of gun violence—& must be banned. Congress must act urgently to stop these homemade ‘ghost guns’ after the Trump Admin has caved to the NRA & far-right fringe groups in surrendering key litigation.pic.twitter.com/sEoYl5s9rk Yeah, it makes no sense! Why did you & your administration do it? Now you must undo the release of these blueprints before it’s too late. #StopDownloadableGuns … TUNE IN NOW as @SenSchumer, @SenMarkey, @SenBillNelson, @SenatorMenendez, & I discuss new legislation to address the deadly threat of 3D printed guns. #StopDownloadableGuns  … "All this talk about a second meeting is truly damning." @SenBlumenthal on #Hardball. "The definition of conspiracy ... is that there are spokes on a wheel. You don't have to be at the center." @SenBlumenthal on Giuliani no longer denying collusion. #Hardball 53 yrs later, we should be celebrating #Medicare53 & #Medicaid53, but the GOP continues to sabotage our health care system, even proposing cuts to funding to pay for the #GOPTaxScam. Fight back & share your story about how vital these programs are to you & your family.pic.twitter.com/VDcaQpVxEj To have a fair day in court, families of 9/11 victims need access to evidence. I'm introducing a Senate resolution demanding the govt declassify & release documents from the 9/11 investigation. This effort is about justice, US national interests & the American people.pic.twitter.com/6sdZIqxr1T Yes, I stand with @KayleeLorincz.  Yes, I will continue to believe her & other survivors.  Congress must not fail these survivors, as USOC, USAG, & MSU have. … "We need the documents and right now we're being denied all documents we need to review this nomination ... I won't meet with this nominee and certainly would urge my colleagues to vote against him if we are denied those documents."  – @SenBlumenthal  Note to Giuliani: Look it up—Colluding to violate the law is conspiracy. 18 U.S.C. 371. Obstructing Justice also is criminal. 18 U.S.C. 1503. Your client, Trump, is under investigation by the Special Counsel for both. Bombast & bullying won’t make it (or him) go away. … Made of undetectable plastic, w/o background checks, ghost guns will launch a new wave of lethal violence. They must be stopped by the courts or Congress, casting aside the Administration’s craven surrender. … Malign neglect—as I saw at the border, Trump’s shameful separation policy was consciously & unconscionably cruel & inhumane. Kidnap children to deter & punish asylum seekers. Careless & incompetent lapses now stymie reunifying families. … Failing to request all of Kavanaugh’s records simply defies logic. I am disappointed by my colleagues’ willingness to cede away our constitutional authority, diminishing the role of the Senate Judiciary Committee to that of a mere rubber-stamp.  Sgt Chapman is an American hero. He made the ultimate sacrifice while protecting fellow soldiers & our country. We can never fully repay him & his loved ones for his extraordinary sacrifice, but we can honor his unparalleled heroism to the highest degree.  If Cohen is speaking the truth… & others can corroborate… Trump conspired with a foreign power who’s attacking our democratic process (again) & lied (again) to the American people about it. Criminal & inexcusable. 54 parents wrote a letter to the American public after they were separated from their children at our southern border. Their stories go against the core of who we are as a nation. We came together to share them. WATCH: #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/KqiKH3rY5G “Some observers might find it reassuring to think that Kavanaugh would not rule as his writings suggest. That would be a mistake. It would be far wiser to listen to the message that he has sent for decades — & to do so before it’s too late.” My full op-ed:  Calling it a  “potential bombshell,” Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal says the news that a top Trump Organization official has been subpoenaed to testify in the Michael Cohen probe shows prosecutors “are in fact knocking on the White House door”  pic.twitter.com/jGMlawjiRQ Again, Trump shows contempt for the rule of law & core rights—now the 1st Amendment—seeking to punish & silence a reporter, @kaitlancollins, doing her job. Despots do it. Not American presidents. First, threatening former nat’l security officials who disagree w/ petty & political reprisal. Now, intimidating & punishing a reporter doing her job. Strongman tactics do not belong in America. Reporters must be able to ask questions without intimidation or threats from the White House. Our democracy depends on it. The White House owes @kaitlancollins & the entire press corps an apology. Only one reason Trump Admin barred @kaitlancollins from White House press briefings: her questions made them uncomfortable. Too bad, Mr. President, that’s what a free press & open democracy is all about. Absolutely no excuse for failing to resolve the self-inflicted chaos of the Trump Admin’s immoral & illegal immigration policy. #FamiliesBelongTogether All Trump officials responsible for this failure to meet the family reunification deadline should be held in contempt of court. Passing today’s deadline with hundreds of parents still separated from their children, shows contempt for human rights & court rulings—inexcusable. NEW - @SenBlumenthal, @SenWarren & @SenWhitehouse and I are requesting information from several @NRA members and executives whose December 2015 trip to Moscow was partially funded by alleged covert Russian agent Maria Butina. #FollowTheMoney … Courts nationwide have been clear—Trump's trans military ban is discrimination, no matter how it’s phrased or the myriad ways this admin tries to cloak its intent. I continue to support our transgender service members & capable recruits. #TransBanTweetUp Yet again, Sec DeVos prioritizes predatory for-profit colleges over the thousands of students they scammed. This shameful proposed rule makes a mockery of consumer protection & sets back efforts to help students defrauded by her for-profit college cronies.  #tbt Thanks to all of those who keep the tradition of the Deep River Ancient Muster alive. It was a pleasure to join you last weekend to hear the fifers & drummers.pic.twitter.com/l8AFvzsvt2 Senator Blumenthal responds to CNN reporter, @kaitlancollins, being banned from President Trump's event: "I am shocked and angry, deeply offended ... It is public property, it's not Donald Trump's personal home or place of business"  pic.twitter.com/gNfM6A56qN Trump cronies' impeachment move on Rosentein is a desperate effort to distract & discredit & must be soundly condemned—on both sides of the aisle. Dishonest, dangerous impeachment move against DAG Rosenstein is an undisguised ploy to protect Trump from justice—a brazen threat to Special Counsel. … No serial number. No background check. Anyone—including felons & terrorists— can now download tutorials to 3D print guns. This settlement is as dangerous as it is confounding. When will we learn? … Secretary Pompeo is flippant, even belligerent, in evading & interrupting my colleagues’ questions. It has been 9 days since the Helsinki Summit & still no answers. Secretary Pompeo said it himself—he does not intend to provide answers about N Korea denuclearization in a public setting. Thank you, @SenatorMenendez, for requesting a classified briefing to get to the bottom of this. Congressional oversight is not a game, Secretary Pompeo. The American people deserve answers. Provide them. Encouraging court ruling that emoluments challenge can proceed, & President Trump is not above the law. … I’ll be watching Secretary Pompeo’s long overdue testimony today closely. Americans deserve to know what exactly Trump committed to in closed-door meetings w/ Kim in Singapore & how much he surrendered to Putin in Helsinki. Metro-North’s tri-state riders deserve leadership that can meet deadlines & protect their safety. MTA must hold responsible officials accountable for any outrageous delay. … Cohen tape shows Trump's lies & potential campaign finance violations: -Trump knew about the $$$ paid to silence McDougal  -The election played a starring role in Trump/Cohen's discussion about McDougal's story  -Cohen wanted to set up a shell company to funnel the payment “Tell the truth”? What a novel idea for Trump & company. But it may set Cohen free—or at least reduce his time behind bars. Is he serious about cooperating? … Thank YOU for standing strong, sharing your story, & supporting your sister survivors! … The abuse these survivors endured is unconscionable. I'm inspired by their determination & dedication to shape the future of amateur & Olympic sports to ensure others don't face the same trauma. Our committee remains committed to working alongside them to drive this change.pic.twitter.com/ayNz781hIE .@SenWhitehouse & I are calling on the Judiciary Committee to immediately schedule public hearings w/ top NRA officials to find out what they knew & when about Russia’s attempts to launder 2016 election campaign donations through their organization.pic.twitter.com/JUN4QDvF5T Reports & court filings show the Russian government may have tried to use the NRA to funnel funds to the Trump campaign. ICYMI: it is illegal for foreign groups & individuals to contribute directly or indirectly to political campaigns in the USA. Before today’s Senate hearing, the brave survivors of Larry Nassar’s sexual abuse ask MSU, USAG, & USOC “Why was I not enough to take action?” Press Conference: Abuse Within Gymnastics & Necessary Reforms … 80+ of the heroic survivors of Larry Nassar’s sexual abuse will be sharing their stories & speaking out about the systemic reform needed to keep athletes safe.  I am proud to stand with them. Livestream - Today - 12:30 pm:   Wilkie has an obligation to put veterans before political interests by opposing the privatization of the VA & updating its capability for the next greatest generation. Secretary Wilkie must now keep his promise to provide all veterans with world-class health care, eliminate the unconscionable claims backlog, & assure housing & job training. President Trump’s personal vendetta against former nat’l security officials is a dangerous distraction. Why is the administration wasting time politicizing security clearances instead of focusing on preventing cyber-attacks, sanctioning Russia, or reuniting separated families? Reckless Iran rhetoric creates risks—especially if words are unbacked by actionable strategy.  Remember N Korea, now continuing to build nuclear capability, despite "fire & fury" & a failed summit. What is Trump's Iran strategy? Complex shell companies, suspicious money transfers, links to Putin confidants & Russian oligarchs—mounting evidence Maria Butina & others may have used the NRA to try to funnel Russian $$$ to the Trump campaign. NRA officials must testify—in public & under oath. … Sen. Blumenthal to DNI Director Dan Coats: Hang in therepic.twitter.com/pLRQ1UVRGK Do you think Sen. Mitch McConnell will push the SCOTUS vote until right before midterms?pic.twitter.com/yh5CF4t6LP .@SenBlumenthal on Kavanaugh SCOTUS vote: "If this nomination is delayed until literally the days or weeks before the midterm elections, it will be the height of cynical manipulation"pic.twitter.com/ixB8Mua8Vl The record & views of a nominee matter. Republicans must not restrict access to Kavanaugh’s documents. The American people deserve real answers & a comprehensive review of lifetime #SCOTUS appointments. We must demand it. Another disturbing revelation about Kavanaugh & his dangerous record on the legality of investigating the President. Trump & Kavanaugh do not believe in Constitutional checks & balances. Senate must show them it still does.   Credible evidence led FBI to believe that Russians were coordinating w/ Page & others in Trump campaign— no “witch hunt,” then or now. Carter Page FISA documents show convincingly that serious & significant factual evidence supported the warrant—and renewals. The national security need for surveillance was real & credible, as the FISA Court correctly concluded—repudiating false accusations by Trump cronies. Russian jobs—apparently a priority for Secretary Mnuchin over national security. Which country’s Treasury Secretary is he? … No red carpet for Putin—or entry to USA—till he turns over his Russian spies indicted by the Special Counsel & stops attacking our democracy. "For the President of the United States to so disrespect and humiliate his Director of Intelligence is not only a violation of his oath of office, it is a profound disservice to our nation ... Trump likes to operate without intelligence." @SenBlumenthal  pic.twitter.com/75KmMCYwYP Disappointed Republican leadership caved on ZTE. Congratulations to China! … Deeply troubling proposed rate increases are directly the fault of Trump’s systematic sabotage of the ACA—relentlessly destabilizing & destroying health insurance markets. Trump has declared war on Americans’ health care & the price is paid by families in CT & across the country.pic.twitter.com/Asq6xXBbTL So proud of all in CT who have banded together to aid Puerto Rican families. Disaster relief is a federal obligation & the Admin must step up now to provide recovery assistance—a Marshall Plan to address access to housing, electricity, healthcare, education & more.pic.twitter.com/XZdvmKNfc3 Court blocks FEMA from ending Transitional Shelter Assistance for Puerto Rico—but this fleeting relief is no replacement for long-term planning.   Why is Trump Admin refusing to activate assistance for Puerto Rico, like FEMA did for New Orleans, TX, & FL?  If anything, Putin should be indicted, not invited. The last Special Counsel Indictment shows his criminal culpability for 12 Russian military spies’ cyber attacks. Add Putin as a co-conspirator? I will continue to call for Senate hearings to learn what the President may have committed to Putin behind closed doors & work with my colleagues to hold the President accountable. There is no moral or legal equivalence between the legal indictments against 12 Russian spies & Putin’s personal vendetta against a former US diplomat, who served his country by challenging Russia’s horrific human rights record. The fact that President Trump even considered this outrageous request—even described it as an “incredible offer"—is horrific & reflects President Trump’s own delusions regarding his executive power. President Trump cannot use American diplomats as negotiating chips with Vladimir Putin. Restricting access to his documents is a grave mistake for lifetime judicial appointments. It should stand as a rebuke to my Republican colleagues who are seeking to severely constrict review of Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to #SCOTUS. This nomination’s defeat is a sign of inadequate vetting & excessive haste. Ryan Bounds was rejected today because of his troubling views on race & equal protection—which I raised in opposing him. He should never have been nominated. Fraudulent veteran charities must be stopped from taking advantage of patriotic Americans & robbing funding from reputable veteran services. #DonateWithHonor … Athletes should be free to compete & represent our nation without fear of abuse. Senator @JerryMoran & I are working to make this prospect the reality for current & future athletes. The survivors of Larry Nassar’s sexual abuse are heroes. Their courage, strength, & passion was on full display during last night’s #ESPYS. … Proud to join the crowd tonight as we demand accountability of the Trump Administration. #ConfrontCorruption #DemandDemocracypic.twitter.com/blhQZYwap5 Whether we are truly a nation of laws is at stake—and history will remember where we stood. If the Senate believes in holding this president accountable for his coziness with Russia, it should block Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. This approach is profoundly dangerous to our democracy, which depends on credible checks & balances—all the more necessary with a president who has demonstrated a disregard for the rule of law. He would exempt the president from vital accountability—overturning long-established precedent. This tape confirms that Judge Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court would effectively put President Trump above the law. To make sure your donations are helping veterans, check out GuideStar or Charity Navigator before cutting your check. It’s shameful these sham charities are preying on our patriotism to commit fraud. Glad to see @FTC & State AG’s cracking down. Trump lying to the American people–denying Russia is targeting our elections. America is in a pre-9/11 moment, with red alert ringing. Republicans must stand up w/ us. Hit back–hard–to make Russians pay a price for their continuing attacks: more sanctions, offensive cyber counter measures, expose Putin's concealed corruptly gained wealth & more. Congress must act. Betraying his Constitutional duty–inviting Russian cyber attacks, failing to "defend against all enemies" congress must act. Trump still in deep denial–and despicable disrespect for US intelligence–saying Russians are no threat to upcoming elections. The FDA must move forward on reducing nicotine levels in combustible products as soon as possible. Doing so could prevent tens of millions of individuals from ever becoming smokers & over time, save millions of lives.pic.twitter.com/mGfUg6EXvb Google has been repeatedly caught abusing its dominance. This fine should be a wake-up call to the @FTC– I’m requesting a meticulous investigation into @Google for antitrust violations. Consumers & the Internet deserve fair & open competition. Europe's bold fight against Google's antitrust abuses should lead US enforcers to protect consumers. This fine is a good first step. … I urge Chairman @ChuckGrassley to make good on his commitments & hold such hearings immediately, as I & others have repeatedly requested. There are still too many unanswered questions—& far too little recognition that the current chaos is a crisis of the Administration’s own making. True accountability & reform can come only through public hearings with all of the relevant agencies represented. The Trump Administration’s briefing today was deeply disturbing—indeed heart wrenching. Children separated from their parents face continued pain & uncertainty. The Administration’s plan appears woefully inadequate to assure compliance with the court’s order. If Trump is serious & sincere about acknowledging Russia's attack on our democracy, he'll enforce sanctions & stop his irresponsible "witch hunt" assault on the Special Counsel investigation. Trump's backhanded retraction– too little, too late, too far away– fails to undo the damage to our national security. Tune in now to hear @PattyMurray, myself, Dr. Hollier & Dr. McHugh of @ACOGAction speak out against President Trump & Vice President Pence’s efforts to undermine women’s health. #SaveTitleX  … It was a pleasure to meet the @CTKidGovernor, Megan. Her Stronger Than Cancer campaign makes an invaluable impact on the lives of those battling this terrible disease. She is a shining example of the next generation taking charge & changing their communities for the better. … Great to see Republicans recognizing the importance of #NetNeutrality … I hope this decision signals an end of rubber-stamping mega-mergers that harm consumers, & a renewed commitment at the @FCC to protect the public interest & uphold its obligation to promote localism & diversity. Any kind of Sinclair-Tribune merger would give a single media conglomerate undue influence over the public—diminishing choice & distorting the unique role that local news plays in American life. This merger proposal should be withdrawn without delay. Sinclair’s policy of censoring viewpoints & mandating national cookie-cutter content runs contrary to the need to promote & protect diverse & local voices. Chairman Pai’s draft order challenging the dangerous Sinclair-Tribune merger is an important victory for the millions of viewers who value real localism in broadcasting.  All automakers affected by the Takata airbag recall should provide free loaner cars to boost recall completion rates. .@Ford vehicles with defective Takata airbags have already been responsible for 2 deaths. It shouldn’t require a class action lawsuit to get automakers to do right by their customers.  President Trump today betrayed America by deliberately colluding with a criminal leader of a hostile power. The @washingtonpost has it right. … “Donald Trump was a patsy, and a pushover, and a puppet. Not a President," Senator Blumenthal reacts to President Trump's press conference with Russian President Putin  pic.twitter.com/86hzSAFdo4 Republican or Democrat, people should be absolutely appalled at this denial of the facts & inability to face the truth. Something needs to be done. These actions must involve our allies, who are also victims of Putin’s efforts to divide & destroy western democracies. Demeaning & denouncing our alliances is deeply dangerous—a disservice that Trump continues recklessly & relentlessly. Specific steps are necessary to make Russia pay a price & stop future attacks.  -Stronger sanctions with more stringent enforcement -The disclosure of hidden Putin & oligarch assets abroad -More effective counterattacks  -Proactive steps in the cyber domain Trump's reprise of Neville Chamberlin—  abject appeasement in defending a murderous thug. A dark, deadly moment in American history. What does Putin have on Trump that we should know — strings on the Trump puppet, dancing to Putin’s tune. … Putin must turn over spies for trial in this country. Relying on Russian justice system is a non-starter. American Presidents take an oath to defend the United States against all enemies, foreign or domestic. President Trump unequivocally failed to defend the United States today when he refused to hold Russia accountable for aggression. Putin is a KGB thug who ordered this attack & only understands action. Not words. All of the words from Putin & Trump today are meaningless or worse without strong action to deter & stop continuing Russian attacks documented in stunning detail by the Special Counsel’s indictment of Russian spies. America needs to hit back – hit back hard – on Russian cyberattacks on our democracy. We must act with our allies, not trash & demean them. Now more than ever, NATO matters. President Trump’s priority seems to be protecting himself over protecting the nation. There is no other explanation for siding with Putin over his own intelligence agencies & continuing to denounce the Special Counsel investigation. When Trump says “Putin was extremely strong & powerful in his denial,” he apparently believes Putin over his own intelligence agencies & DOJ. Reprehensible & irresponsible President’s seeming acceptance of Putin’s false denial of powerful criminal charges in the Special Counsel’s indictments is astonishing & appalling – and deeply dangerous. Today’s so-called summit was a gift to Putin. Legitimizing his law breaking & aggression & elevating him on the world stage. Weak & embarrassing for President Trump. Russia’s attack on the US & other democracies around the world transcends partisanship. Congress needs to get serious with our president about protecting our national security & elections from future international interventions. … President Trump’s zero tolerance policy has wreaked havoc on our nation, and we must continue to fight for the families who have been ripped apart by our government. Having worked with the children’s lawyers, I am relieved that these children are able to reunite with their families—but this fight is far from over. These children do not deserve a minute more of suffering, and must be reunited with their parents in a swift, timely manner. The Court has spoken strongly—the cruel separation of these children from their families is simply unconstitutional. … Inept planning and performance by FEMA left Puerto Rico defenseless to devastation— and fellow Americans still suffering. Congress should act to hold officials accountable & provide aid. Incompetence & chaos pervaded FEMA’s abject failure in Puerto Rico— causing a tragic, severe humanitarian crisis to fellow Americans. … "My colleagues & I are often asked by constituents: what can we do? The answer is stand up and speak out. It’s a call to action. Mobilize your neighbors and galvanize the American public" - @SenBlumenthal in the Democratic Weekly Address #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/2cqAvdzpb7 The wrongly decided AT&T merger immediately opened Pandora’s box of corporate consolidation. Yesterday, my colleagues&I called for scrutiny of Comcast’s bid for Fox. Strong DOJ leadership on antitrust is vital to protecting consumers&competition.  … The moment it acquired Time Warner, AT&T showed its true face&raised prices for consumers. I support DOJ’s decision to appeal a ruling that threatens an era of anti-consumer mega mergers. American federal law enforcement showing the world Russia's criminality c/o Putin. Justice Dept&FBI doing their job despite concerted, cowardly attachs by President Trump and cronies in Congress. Special Counsel continues to follow the facts&law where they lead. No question President Trump should cancel Monday's meeting with Putin - certainly no meeting alone. … FCC's leap toward dismantling kid video rule is a shameful disservice to educational TV. Why not do fact finding before you betray the public interest – to benefit corporate interests? … Despite bipartisan outrage, the Trump admin is racing toward a deal w/ZTE that sells out our security&national interests. I’m working w/my colleagues to pass legislation in the NDAA that ensures taxpayer $$$ will not support company that repeatedly violated U.S. sanctions. Don’t bother cashing the check, @realDonaldTrump. Congress must and will act to hold ZTE accountable for its threat to national security and flagrant violation of U.S. law. .@JudicaryDems are committed to Senate tradition. @SenBlumenthal requests all documents related to Judge Kavanaugh be provided to the cmte. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/6xqbBhFwew Twitter’s actions are a response to foreign govts&companies that peddle in deceit. @JerryMoran &I called for an FTC investigation into Devumi, whose theft of people’s identities prompted today’s steps. We will continue to be vigilant.   I applaud @Twitter on its recent steps to purge fake accounts and clean up abuse. I hope @jack continues to show bold leadership on protecting the safety and privacy of its users. … As a former federal prosecutor myself, I know the incredible power&responsibility that comes w/this role. Prosecutors have the ability to take away someone’s liberty. Overseeing 448 federal prosecutors requires extensive experience&judgment. Benczowksi doesn’t have it. Even if Benczowksi didn’t have such disturbing Russian connections, he’d still be completely unfit to oversee the DOJ’s Criminal Division. He’s never served as a prosecutor and what courtroom experience he does have is minimal. Benczowksi has bafflingly refused to recuse himself from any oversight of the Mueller investigation, despite his significant ties to a major Russian bank&stated support for the firing of Jim Comey. The Senate is minutes away from voting on a nominee to be the third-ranking official at DOJ. Ben Benczowksi is not only wildly unqualified, he represents yet another Trump administration official with alarming, unexplained links to Russia.  Brett Kavanaugh’s record and writings “signal a real hostility to the precious rights and liberties that make our nation great,” @SenBlumenthal says of why he’s voting against President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.pic.twitter.com/xhPtop1QZM Once again the free and independent judiciary has stood up to President Trump's lawlesness&inhumanity. On this week in particular, a deeply important reminder: judges matter. … My full statement on the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to #SCOTUS &why I'll be voting no:pic.twitter.com/cfTuCQw1Ug Approval of this nominee wld mean the crucial swing vote to destroy hard-won rights&liberties enshrined in long established law - and to take the nation back to a dark time when abortion was criminalized, when women died&were denied access to contraception&the morning after pill. No other president has set such a litmus test for Supreme Court nominees. No other president has allowed himself to be a puppet of extreme right-wing outside organizations, or outsourced the selection to such fringe groups as the Federalist Society. Judge Kavanaugh’s record&writings signal an extreme hostility to the precious rights&liberties that make our nation great. He's passed the Trump litmus test – screened&vetted by extreme right-wing groups that have made this president their puppet. I’m voting no. … Sen. Richard Blumenthal on Pres. Trump's upcoming SCOTUS nomination: "The president's outsourced his decision to The Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation...I've never seen a president of the United States in effect, make himself a puppet of outside groups" #ThisWeekpic.twitter.com/4LsXkq6GzX Sen. Richard Blumenthal on North Korea accusing the U.S. of "gangster-like" tactics: "Unfortunately...I think that some of the most dire views of what we sacrificed in this reality show that the president conducted are now coming true"   #ThisWeekpic.twitter.com/oMYQMA8cOu HHS censoring&blocking Senators from visiting facilities housing separated children – saying only Senators approved by Chair and Ranking Member of Judiciary Committee are permissible. Why are they evading Congressional scrutiny? On HHS immigration call, more shocking questions raised about whether info and system exists to reunify children with parents. Call limited to 35 minutes, most of it Secretary Azar's canned speech. Just got off the phone w/ HHS. I am furious&horrified after immigration conference call – virtually no separated children have been reunified; no system, no plan, no path to assure reunification; no answers to key questions. Strategy seems to be: blame everyone else. Which comes first: self interest or national interest? I’m leading legal action with 200 fellow members of Congress to stop Trump’s self-enrichment violating the Constitution’s chief anti-corruption protection, the Foreign Emoluments Clause. No one is above the law. The ties that bind—Trump in bed with China on real estate, mega-loans, rental&hotel payments, manufacturing&the list goes on. Drain the Chinese swamp at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. … Trump shld be ashamed for ever nominating&then allowing Pruitt to stay in his position as long as he did. Now, he must choose an EPA chief who actually believes in the mission of the agency&will prioritize the enviro, health&safety of the American ppl over big polluters’ profits. Scott Pruitt is leaving a legacy of lasting damage to enviro protections&respect for public office. As EPA head, Pruitt took a scorched earth approach to ethics&enviro protections—dismantling clean water&air safeguards while working to worsen the looming crisis of climate change. Russians show no shame, spreading disinformation, deepening partisan divisions&dividing us from NATO allies. Russians wooing with a shopworn song—repugnant as nails on a blackboard. They are enemies and adversaries, attacking us. … Honored to join 50 new American citizens at a very special naturalization ceremony today hosted by @GoYardGoats #4thJuly2018pic.twitter.com/Szeyih6BDE A wonderful 4th of July to you&your family: fun, safe, and thankful. Happy Independence Day to the greatest nation ever, and especially patriots who have served and sacrificed to keep us free. No excuse for relying on evasive baloney responses about respect for settled precedent. Justice Gorsuch has shown how worthless such dodges are, most recently in Janus. The next #SCOTUS justice will provide a pivotal, decisive vote to protect Roe v. Wade &stand up to efforts to roll back the clock on reproductive freedom&real, affordable access to contraception. We know what’s at stake - the time to act is now. The Trump admin is already moving to restrict federal $$ for family planning organizations that offer abortion, imperiling the health of thousands of CT women who rely on @PPSNE for healthcare services. W/ @PPSNE today to sound the alarm: we are facing the greatest danger for reproductive rights&women’s health in our lifetime. “My hope is that American values and constitutional rights are protected” @SenBlumenthal #SaveSCOTUSpic.twitter.com/64j7O6N9CH Michael Cohen deferring to his lawyer instead of President Trump, and may be willing to cooperate with the Special Counsel: good news for him, better for the country, if he's truly&fully honest&forthcoming. … FBI&DOJ have been working overtime to respond to Trump’s Congressional cronies’ onerous document requests, diverting limited law enforcement resources from real priorities. Stop attacking the FBI&start focusing on issues that impact everyday Americans. House Republicans grilled FBI agent Peter Strzok for 11 hours yesterday&found nothing. No smoking gun, no secret agenda. Nothing. Trump Congressional cronies escalate their concerted campaign to intimidate the Special Counsel investigation&obstruct justice. Why are Republican colleagues silent? History will judge harshly their implicit complicity. … Keep standing up&speaking out #KeepFamiliesTogether #EndFamilyDetentionpic.twitter.com/poJ7jByGZS This #ImmigrantHeritageMonth @SenBlumenthal remembers his father’s flight from persecution in Nazi Germany by fighting for those who risk their lives to find refuge in the United States today. #CelebrateImmigrantspic.twitter.com/bYQ71S5eua Every day, reporters, editors&producers come to work and perform a profound public service for our nation. They should never have to face the fear of being shot in their own newsroom. Shooting in Annapolis, MD is the 195th mass shooting of 2018. It’s the 176th day of the year. We cannot accept this murderous gun violence as normal. Heartbreaking scenes in Annapolis as another painful tragedy unfolds&our hearts&prayers again go to loved ones of victims&survivors. And again, heart&prayers are maddeningly inadequate. President Trump abruptly canceled US-South Korea military exercises after his first meeting with Kim Jong-un – what he will promise Putin, four months before another American election? Will he be holding the KGB thug accountable for his meddling in our democracy? Doubtful. It bears repeating: Russia is not our friend. Support for war crimes&chemical weapons in Syria, occupation of Crimea, 2016 election meddling, nerve agents, cyberattacks…the list goes on. First Singapore, now Helsinki? Yet again,  President Trump is courting adversaries&alienating friends. He will only further disrupt&derail our global leadership if he continues to take notes from Putin. … Today, SCOTUS dealt a grave blow to unions. @SenBlumenthal and @SenWhitehouse expose the powerful special interests behind #Janus: wealthy conservatives dedicated to undermining workers' rights and pushing their agenda in the courts. … "We're going to use every tool available and we will possibly be creative about some new ones" to block Supreme Court Justice appointment before midterm elections - @SenBlumenthalpic.twitter.com/V8PQ9pTpnD The Supreme Court isn’t just marble pillars and velvet drapes. Its decisions have a direct impact on people’s lives – their healthcare, privacy protections & basic civil rights – and since this is a lifetime appointment, the lives of our kids too. The future of women’s healthcare hinges on who is chosen as the next Supreme Court Justice. The importance of this decision cannot be overstated. Members of the Supreme Court shouldn’t be chosen by unelected, fringe advocacy groups. #DitchTheList A decision of this historic magnitude requires more deliberate consideration than is possible in the politically charged months between now&the election. The American people shld have a voice. A confirmation vote shld take place after a new Congress is seated. My Republican colleagues shld follow their own precedent. I agree. … Earth-shaking&gut-wrenching. Departure of Justice Kennedy means a historic challenge is ahead. The President must appoint an open-minded&fair jurist in Justice Kennedy’s mold. The court said it all in stopping family separation&requiring family reunification: this is “a chaotic circumstance of the government’s own making.” Thank goodness for sanity and common sense from the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Trump Administration: why not try a Plan B of basic humanity and family values? … Congress must act now to reverse this misguided policy and protect American values from a President who seems intent on destroying them. This decision allows the Trump admin to turn its back on a proud moral tradition of aiding refugees&immigrants who seek our help in times of crisis. Future generations will look back at today’s SCOTUS decision with the same disgust&disdain that Americans now feel for Korematsu. A small SCOTUS majority can't change the principles upon which this country was founded. The Statue of Liberty’s plea to ‘Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free’ is cast in bronze – not merely written on paper #NoMuslimBanEver SCOTUS struck down a law demanding truth in advertising while some states still require abortion providers to feed women pseudo-science to shame&mislead. Eroding protections that CA&Hartford, CT put in place establishes a dangerous double standard—and a serious public health risk When so-called crisis pregnancy centers mislead women abt their qualifications/fail to inform women abt the availability of abortion services, they put women’s health at risk&undermine women’s fundamental rights. #EndTheLies #NIFLAvBecerra Engler should go. Public reports show him improperly trying to buy silence. MSU Board must take responsibility, and hold him accountable, or go too.  … via @WSJ My trip to the border showed me dedicated federal officals, social workers&others struggling to make sense of chaos and confusion&spare children&families the heart-breaking harm of Trump's cruel and inhumane actions. … Delivering the mail is a Constitutional duty—not to be outsourced or auctioned to the highest bidder. I will fight overboard and over broad postal service privatization—to protect consumers and dedicated workers.  …? Improper stock short sales, conflicts of interest, untruths to Congress—among the abundant reasons Secretary Ross should go. Now, finally. … Where is this administration’s plan to reunify thousands of families they’ve already torn apart, with no clear prospect of restoring them? NEW: Sen. Blumenthal sends letter to Defense Sec. Mattis: "The solution to the immigration crisis at hand cannot be the immoral and unlawful imprisonment of immigrant children and families, including the incarceration of children on military bases."  pic.twitter.com/FfKzHED3Y1 Standing outside of the Border Patrol Station in El Paso, TX:pic.twitter.com/hLrhKC40uX This father&his young daughter are the face&voice of an immoral&inhumane immigration policy that betrays American values. All this family did wrong was seek asylum in this country, escaping persecution&violence in Central America. #KeepFamiliesTogether Ongoing chaos&uncertainty may mean this father&his daughter face separation or indefinite imprisonment together. #KeepFamiliesTogether I am haunted by the eyes of a 2-year-old girl in her father’s arms now occupying a cell at the Border Patrol Detention facility in El Paso. Ending a long day at the border w/ @MartinHeinrich & @SenatorTomUdall where we saw firsthand the impact of this admin’s immigration policiespic.twitter.com/hf9St3XWpi About 259 boys ages 14-17 are in the Tornillo Tent City according to @SenatorTomUdall @MartinHeinrich @SenBlumenthalpic.twitter.com/xq5GwZg0IM @SenatorTomUdall @MartinHeinrich @SenBlumenthal are inside Tent City in #Tornillo, Texas.  They’ll brief reporters after on what they saw, heard, felt. Again, reporters not permitted inside.pic.twitter.com/pNXdAJCujI HAPPENING NOW: I'm on the border with @MartinHeinrich & @SenBlumenthal to hold the Trump administration accountable for its inhumane #FamilySeparation policy and cruel immigration agenda. #FamilesBelongTogether President Trump’s policies are morally indefensible and his executive order did not end the horror. I’m in #Tornillo with @SenatorTomUdall & @SenBlumenthal to see children who have been separated from their families.pic.twitter.com/PwdJi7IDhW Trinity College Professor Janet Bauer has dedicated her career to welcoming&integrating refugees. Janet established the Hartford Global Migration Lab, connecting college students&refugees. Her students tutor at Jubilee House&help kids w/their homework at @HPLCT. #WorldRefugeeDay Francis&Evelyne fled persecution in Rwanda&the DRC to resettle in Bridgeport. They told my office: “We understood that the American Dream was alive in each of us if we wished to move forward&work hard.” They launched African Families Synergy to support refugees&immigrants. Rafid was an electrical engineer in Baghdad&worked w/the U.S. Army Corps during military operations in Iraq. After receiving death threats he fled w/his family. Now Rafid is a team leader at Schick Manufacturing in Milford&started his own company: Golden Gate CT. #WorldRefugeeDay Issa, Aminah&their 3 children fled Syria after Issa was abducted&beaten by the regime. They resettled in Westville where Issa works as a parking attendant, Aminah launched a catering business&their kids are thrilled to finally attend school again. #WorldRefugeeDay I'm so proud that since 2005 CT has resettled almost 7K refugees—our small state has welcomed people from around the world w/the help of orgs like @IRISCT & @CIRICT. Today I shared stories of refugees who've made CT home&highlighted the work my constituents do to support them. Today, I spoke on the Senate floor to commemorate #WorldRefugeeDay. Refugees who have made America their home are resilient survivors who embrace their new lives and contribute to their communities, even after harrowing journeys to the United States. This admin isn’t just closing the door to immigrant families&asylum seekers on our border—they’re rejecting refugees from around the world, telling survivors of global conflicts who've overcome great obstacles there's no safe place for them here. That is wrong—we must do better. The Office of Gov't Ethics is woefully outmanned by Secretary Ross. This government watchdog agency simply doesn’t have the teeth to take on public officials with such disdain for basic ethics norms. Further reason for Congress to pass my bill w/@RepRaskin … Secretary Ross is a trade war profiteer. Nation’s lead trade negotiator leads country into countless tariff disputes all while enriching his bottom line. Ross serves as lead trade negotiator while holding a stake in a Chinese state-owned business&weighed in on sanctions while entangled w/a shipping company w/ties to Russian oligarchs—now we’ve learned that he may have even PROFITED from coverage attempting to hold him accountable. What began as the shattering of basic ethics norms seems to have escalated into full-scale public corruption. Wilbur Ross is unfit to serve as Secretary of Commerce. When did being a Republican Administration official become license to flout the law with impunity? … This policy hearkens back to the worst days of our country's history: Japanese children imprisoned w/their parents in World War II-era detention camps. History will judge us harshly if we permit this inhumane&immoral policy to be carried out without our protest&opposition. Children will experience many of the same lasting traumas that they do now&the world will continue to watch the spectacle of the American government locking up innocent children and throwing away the key. President Trump's current policies - as articulated in this Executive Order - will put children behind bars indefinitely&indiscriminately. That is intolerable in a free and democratic society. Family separation cannot be replaced by family incarceration&imprisonment. Ending family separation would be a welcome&humane step, but the solution cannot be the immoral&unlawful detention of children. Indefinitely imprisoning children&families is still inhumane&ineffective law enforcement. On #ThisDayInHistory, June 19, 1885 the Statue of Liberty was brought by the French ship Isere to its permanent home in America. Do we still deserve it? #KeepFamiliesTogether … On this Father’s Day, why not a cease fire in Trump’s noxious war on families at the border? There's no legal requirement or humane reason for tearing kids away from dads&moms. #KeepFamiliesTogether Giuliani is sending a dog whistle signal to defendants like Manafort: no pardons right this moment, but hang tough, refuse to talk, and there might be something in it for you down the road. Nothing really subtle here. … 2 wks ago, Will Nguyen was celebrating his college reunion w/friends at Yale. Today, he's been unjustly&brutally detained in Vietnam w/o charge or cause. I'm calling on the Vietnamese government to release Will immediately&I’m working w/State to secure his freedom. #freewilly … Manafort’s witness tampering&suborning perjury is part&parcel of a culture of contempt for the rule of law—a corrosive, noxious threat to our democracy from the top down. Manafort‘s pre-trial imprisonment is extraordinary—as is his contempt for the rule of law. A chip off the Trump block: norms and rules don’t apply to us. In a country of laws, this is what it looks like when you think the rules don’t apply to you. President Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort has shown utter disdain&a complete disregard for the law. … President Trump's wishful thinking is no reason to ease or end sanctions. Naiveté  is hazardous to our national security&maximum economic pressure must be sustained at full strength or more. Kim Jong-un seems to have cast a mysterious spell to put President Trump in the twilight zone, but nuclear weapons are too dangerous for President Trump's usual spin&hype. … Don’t be defrauded or fooled tomorrow when the DOJ IG report comes out. Look at the facts. The more President Trump tries to use tomorrow’s report to claim FBI bias, the more ridiculous his supposed justification for firing FBI Director Jim Comey looks. (As if it ever passed the laugh test to begin with.) He said it himself: it was “this Russia thing.” President Trump’s allies will try to convince the American public somehow that the FBI’s decision to release information about the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server but hide what they knew about his ties to Russia…somehow makes him the victim? What?! I’m calling it now: no matter what the DOJ IG report actually says, President Trump’s sycophantic supporters will try to claim that somehow he is the victim of FBI wrongdoing&bias. Talk about fake news. Spoiler alert: President Trump’s cronies have already readied their talking points to exaggerate&distort the facts of tomorrow’s DOJ IG report and spin them into a false narrative about the Special Counsel investigation. Special Counsel filing asserting that Russia will interfere in this year’s midterm elections backs up what we’ve been hearing from U.S. intelligence for months: the Russians attacked our democracy in 2016&they’ll do it again in 2018 unless we take immediate action to prevent it. Today, the DOJ told me “we have to find ways to raise costs of malicious and malign behavior by foreign states” when I asked about Russian interference in the 2018 midterms. I agree: the Russians need to pay a price for past meddling to prevent future attacks on our democracy. Filing today by Special Counsel seeks to protect investigation against possible continuing Russian interference. Judiciary Committee witnesses conceded it will happen, if Russians pay no price. … The new Trump Administration policy making it nearly impossible for victims of domestic&gang violence to seek asylum is hideous, noxious, and a betrayal of American values. People will suffer brutality, and the blood will be on AG Sessions’ hands.pic.twitter.com/5zfl1WuY7H When our heroes need a helping hand the most, an affordable telephone service can be the reason they’re able to reach the Veterans Crisis Line / Homeless Veterans hotline. So why is Chairman Pai slashing this program by 70 percent? 1.3M vets depend on the Lifeline program to contact the VA for benefits&medical appointments or to call potential employers or look for housing. … Using federal prisons for refugees recalls our darkest days as a nation—a new low in denying basic rights&ripping apart families. Time for Republican colleagues to stand up. … Trump’s cruel new health care backstab: seeking to unilaterally nullify key patient protection against preexisting conditions abuse. DOJ has a duty to defend this law.  … via @voxdotcom Trump thinks the Russian bear is a big friendly pet while Putin, a KGB thug, eats his lunch. No seat at the table until Russia respects basic international rules&individual rights.  Happy 112th birthday to the Antiquities Act – landmark legislation that has helped protect incredible natural wonders like CT’s very own Northeast Canyons&Seamounts Marine National Monument #MonumentsforAll These children are being ripped from the arms of their parents for one reason: to terrorize them. Make no mistake – this is a vindictive policy specifically designed to harm children because the Trump Administration doesn’t like their parents. This policy is deeply cruel and fundamentally antithetical to our values, as Americans and as decent human beings. Congress cannot stand idly by – we must stand up against this senseless, punishing policy. … Proud to join bipartisan colleagues in standing up to the national-security threat posed by Huawei&ZTE. We filed an amendment to the defense authorization bill that wld prevent any U.S. taxpayer dollars from supporting a company that has violated U.S. law&attacked U.S. security. There seems to be no logical reason for the President’s decision to soften sanctions against national security threat&Chinese telecomm giant ZTE – except, perhaps, his personal business interests. President Trump has inexplicably caved to the Chinese in a deal that allows ZTE—a known threat to U.S. security—back into the American market. Why? Could it be the $500 million Chinese government-backed loan for a Trump resort in Indonesia? … Rule of law? For six years, Ecuador has harbored Julian Assange, a fugitive who’s endangered countless American lives and worked with Russia to interfere in the 2016 election. Why didn’t @VP bring it up? … Here we go again. CC: @FTC … President Trump – making us the Ugly American again? Rewarding the Chinese for being our adversaries, and punishing our allies for being our friends. The Trump Doctrine is straight out of an alternate reality show. … Rather than building on strides we've made since 1965, we're facing an Admin&Congressional majority that seems intent on turning back the clock on women’s health. We can’t give up the fight to protect the right of all women to make basic choices about their own bodies&families. Five decades after Griswold v. CT, the extreme right still hasn’t given up its effort to control the decisions that women make about their own bodies – most recently through a dangerous domestic gag rule that only serves to diminish a women’s access to safe care. TODAY: CAC's @ElizabethWydra & @BrianneGorod will be in federal court representing nearly 200 Members of Congress, led by @SenBlumenthal & @RepJerryNadler, asking a judge to hold @realDonaldTrump accountable to the Constitution's Foreign #EmolumentsClause … .@JerryMoran & I are holding a press conference w/survivors of Larry Nassar’s abuse at USAG & MSU. Hear these brave women share their stories:   Jailing Manafort—pending trial—likely necessary to protect justice. Promoting perjury, witness tampering & other criminal meddling—all a threat to fair trial. Manafort digging deeper into criminal quicksand—dooming himself and others. Witness tampering is a desperate step—showing fear of the truth. Manafort facing a moment of judicial truth with serious consequences at trial, for himself, Trump & others. There is nothing political or partisan about this disaster. I look forward to working with @SecretaryCarson & CT delegation to put pressure on insurers & find solutions for these families. For the Perrachio family—and countless other Connecticut families—this is as much of a natural disaster as an earthquake or tornado, & insurance companies have a moral & legal responsibility to act. .@SecretaryCarson is flabbergasted by the insurers response—which he says is rotten. He is right, and willing to help. Thank you @SecretaryCarson for coming to Connecticut to witness the crumbling foundations crisis affecting homes across eastern Connecticut.pic.twitter.com/3HwvqsqUco Silently updating terms of service in response to bad press is not a real commitment to privacy or transparency. More reason that real rules are needed. … Looking forward to hearing from @Microsoft @Samsung @Apple & others with privileged access to Facebook why they wanted this personal data, how they used it & most importantly: how they’ve protected it. It feels a lot like we’ve been here before, @facebook. Would you like to revisit your previous statements to Congress about sharing users’ data with third-parties without their consent? Facebook’s secret data sharing partnerships raise urgent new reasons for stronger privacy protections—beginning with a privacy bill of rights modeled on Europe’s new rules (GDPR). … Just leaving this here: Presidential or Legislative Pardon of the President, 1 Op. O.L.C. Supp., 370 (1974). … Only in a two-bit tin horn totalitarian dictatorship could the President even consider pardoning himself from all accountability. It's unthinkable in this great country, and already legally indisputable. That statement was short, but it sure wasn’t accurate - it was a lie meant to cover up the truth about meetings between President Trump’s top campaign advisers and Russian operatives peddling damaging information about his political opponent. After months of denials, stunningly clear admission that President Trump dictated the misleading statement his son gave about meeting w/Russian agents during the campaign. The President’s lawyers contend that having him testify “demeans the office.” No. This President’s actions demean the office, and this absurd assertion demeans our entire system of law. Special Counsel cannot be dissuaded or deterred from subpoenaing President Trump by lawyers' fallacious, farcical memo. Uncover the truth. Follow the facts and law. The legal assertions in this document are no longer laughable - they are terrifying to anyone who believes in the rule of law. President Trump’s lawyers cite out-of-date statutes, magical legal thinking&unconstitutional assumptions, but ignore this core truth: no one is above the law. Donald in Wonderland: through a legal looking glass, no President can be prosecuted because whatever he says is the law. Too absurd even for fiction. In fact, no one is above the law. Republicans colleagues must join in sounding the alarm, loud&clear. History will judge their silence harshly. The Trump memo is a chilling, ominous blueprint for totalitarian Constitution burning. … .@PPFA’s Title X-funded CT locations helped >41K men&women access contraceptive care in 2015. This admin’s dangerous&draconian gag rule would force other Title X providers to increase their caseload by 757% to ensure the same number of patients access care. Unacceptable&immoral. The domestic gag rule isn’t about improving women’s health – it’s about controlling the decisions they make with their doctors. #NoGagRule I #WearOrange today for the 20 beautiful children&6 brave educators killed by a gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School – and for the tens of thousands of lives, like Hadiya Pendleton’s, lost to gun violence since.pic.twitter.com/5OrytR0P0q .@SenCortezMasto @RepAdamSchiff and I have introduced legislation that wld ensure transparency in the pardon process, codifying a strong deterrent against the president weaponizing the pardon power to protect himself or his allies.  … President Trump has shown that he has no problem subverting the usual process to issue pardons&repeatedly indicated that he may use that power to protect his personal business and political associates – obstructing an ongoing investigation&undermining the rule of law. President Trump has proposed/issued pardons for illegal campaign donations, obstruction of justice, public corruption&lying to federal investigators. Does that list sound familiar? It should – it’s the same crimes Trump allies Flynn, Manafort&Cohen are on the hook for. Once again, President Trump seems to be wielding the power of the pardon to normalize public corruption and send a signal to his political cronies&potential co-conspirators. Americans demand&deserve clear and comprehensive disclosure—these proposed labels with oddly cheerful smiling suns&meaningless jargon fail by every measure to meet that basic standard. New GMO labels are a clear attempt by the Trump administration to deny consumers their right to know what is in their food. In New Haven w/ @RealFoodMom & @CTNOFA calling on @USDA to abandon current proposal for GMO labels. Scrap this outrageous insult of a draft&return with a new, serious labeling plan that is simple&complete. Mr. President, we’ll see you in court. … President Trump calls his business dealings with foreign governments “little conflicts of interest.” But they have big implications for American policy&Americans’ trust in their government. Thanks to the work of investigative journalists, we already know that President Trump has benefited from foreign governments granting him&his businesses trademarks&overseas governments paying rent to Trump properties. What don’t we know? What is the Foreign Emoluments Clause? Before the President receives any gifts, payments, or benefits from foreign governments he must first receive the consent of Congress. Pretty simple, right? Not for this President. President Trump has repeatedly&flagrantly violated the Constitution’s Foreign Emoluments Clause. He has thumbed his nose at its plain text, and in doing so, thumbed his nose at the American people as well. One week out from oral arguments in our case to compel the President to obey the Constitution of the United States. We’re seeking to hold President Trump accountable for violating the Foreign Emoluments Clause – the Constitution’s preeminent anti-corruption provision. Trooper First Class Greene’s tragic illness shows why the courageous first-responders who answered the call after 9/11 need&deserve proper medical care. Trooper First Class Walter Greene embodied the values of true public service. His family&friends are in all of our thoughts and prayers. … Commissioner Gottlieb, I welcome your commitment to work w/Congress to protect consumers from drug shortages – whether they occur at the pharmacy or in a hospital. I’m eager to work w/FDA to ensure that critical drugs are available to patients&providers when they need them. Drug shortages are a serious – sometimes deadly – problem. I’ve frequently called on FDA to take aggressive action to protect consumers from drug shortages, no matter what the cause – natural disasters like Hurricane Maria or manufacturing delays. … Right result at the wrong time. This delay has exacted real world costs and the IG investigation into conflicts of interest must continue. … Thanks to CA State Senate on advancing #netneutrality legislation! Now the U.S. House should follow our example in the U.S. Senate&approve federal measure to preserve an open internet and protect consumers&small businesses. National leadership is urgently necessary. … Tested the telemedicine system at @veteranshealth Willimantic clinic, an innovative way for veterans to seek care regardless of location&available to many more thanks to our new legislation.pic.twitter.com/S5jWhWoHnu In #NewLondon & #Willimantic to discuss how the VA Mission Act improves veterans’ access to healthcare—more flexibility&less traveling for appointments.pic.twitter.com/GLmfrOVlxN We’re seeking to enforce the Constitution’s preeminent anti-corruption provision&hold the President accountable for blatant lawbreaking and Constitutional wrongdoing. Mark your calendars: our lawsuit seeking to hold President Trump accountable for violations of the Foreign Emoluments Clause will be argued on June 7th. … The people of Puerto Rico, our fellow Americans, deserve truth, aid&compassion from their government–not willful blindness&abandonment. A tragedy for thousands of American families made worse by the failure of their own fed govt to even acknowledge extent of death&destruction … Wishing you a safe, peaceful Memorial Day - remembering heroes who sacrificed all for this great nation and its precious freedoms. These subs are critical to our undersea superiority&unmatched military strength. (2/2) WH opposition to 3 sub plan fails to recognize necessary investments in nat’l security. (1/2) … Big day for privacy, as New European protections take effect. Why should Americans have less?  I’ll be proposing new legislative privacy safeguards. … We must fight this effort to turn back the clock on women's healthcare with every tool at our disposal. We must stand up and speak out against this reprehensible rollback of our rights. #NoGagRule In addition to certain legal challenges, this rule will also face the scorn and scrutiny of an American public tired of this administration's wanton disregard for their health. #NoGagRule The hard right-wing of the Republican party will clearly stop at nothing to exert control over the care women receive from their doctors, including putting the federal government in the examining room with providers and their patients. It's dangerous and despicable. #NoGagRule Transparency? The only thing clear is that this classified document review is patently partisan. Finalizing NDAA this week&pushing to ban ZTE&Huawei equipment from all federal agencies and contracts, starting with the defense bill. Chinese companies that spy on our troops&use deceit to violate U.S. sanctions on North Korea and Iran should be put out of business. Review of classified documents—planned to be purposefully&blatantly partisan, excluding Democrats. A dangerous disservice to democracy. … There is no good reason for raising these serious national security risks—sending a message to covert agents&informants that they will be sacrificed to appease raw political pressure. I hope that disclosure will be minimized in scope and magnitude to mitigate these dangers. The review of highly classified documents in the midst of a highly charged partisan conflict raises the clear&present danger of illegal disclosure potentially catastrophic to confidential sources and operations. President Trump put DAG Rosenstein in an impossible situation, forcing him to choose between a face-saving compromise and a destructive confrontation threatening continued progress by the Special Counsel. Throughout his presidency, Donald Trump has sought to manipulate DOJ to pursue his own personal vendettas. Once again, the President is attempting to use the power and influence of his office to put himself above the law. This calculated, coordinated strategy is the last resort of many criminal defendants: when an investigation has you cornered, attack the investigators. President Trump&his surrogates are weaponizing false claims against DOJ&law enforcement. Their purpose is to discredit the Special Counsel's investigation of the President himself. Antitrust concerns regarding Google&other tech behemoths is well warranted, indeed overdue—as I’ve urged repeatedly—so I welcome Secretary Mnuchin to the fight. Protecting consumer privacy should be on the Mnuchin priority list, too. … .@EversourceCT is on notice. Consumers will not stand for unconscionable rate hikes while reaping the benefits of federal tax breaks. With @ConnPIRG and @CCAG calling on @EversourceCT to reconsider unjustifiable and anti-consumer rate increases.  A 15.8% natural gas rate increase is a nonstarter.pic.twitter.com/me3hBqdFLK Thank you to the first responders, utility workers, and volunteers who have assisted during this disaster. I’m inspired by the stories of neighbors helping neighbors during this time of need. ICYMI: Visited #Hamden and joined @RepEsty this weekend in #Brookfield and #NewFairfield to tour storm damage. Will take the devastating images back to Washington to fight for relief funding … Unprecedented&unhinged: Trump’s demands are unsubtle threats, unsupported by fact, intended to intimidate and impede the Special Counsel&DOJ.  I agree - this senseless violence has been going on for too long. So take your own advice and stand up to the NRA. … Governor Cuomo is right. Mr. President: lead or get out of the way. Congress and you are complicit - effectively aiding and abetting gun bloodshed and heartbreak by inane inaction. … More tragic bloodshed&heartbreak caused by cruel gun violence. Congress is complicit. Enough. … This reckless&repugnant new rule urgently imperils women’s health and Constitutional rights. We must fight it— no holds barred. … Hartford stabbing reminds us of the dangers our courageous police face every day while keeping our communities safe. I pray for a speedy recovery for the officer who was wounded in the line of duty today in Hartford. My father fled Nazi Germany to come to America—a country of tolerance, freedom, and opportunity. President Trump’s ugly language is a disgraceful betrayal of those values. … Wendy Vitter's dangerous, demagogic views on women's health are completely out of touch with basic facts&sound legal principals. … Judicial nominees are asked tough questions during the confirmation process—committing to the basic principle that racial segregation violates the Constitution isn't one of them. I call on my colleagues to reject the nominations of Wendy Vitter, Andrew Oldham&Michael Truncale. Sixty-four years ago, #SCOTUS decided the landmark civil rights case #BrownvBoard. Today, the Senate Judiciary Committee is voting on three Trump nominees for the federal bench who refused to say that it was decided correctly. For shame. … Next, we’re taking this fight to the House. If you believe in protecting consumers&small businesses and preserving the open internet, now is the time to make your voice heard. Today the Senate stood with millions of Americans by taking action to #SaveTheInternet and protect #NetNeutrality. #NetNeutrality isn’t a partisan issue in the hallways of Congress or communities across America. Reversing #NetNeutrality would be a nightmare for consumers. But it would also be a death knell for competition, innovation, and creativity in America. #NetNeutrality is the lifeblood of the internet—it allows for allows for equal opportunity and democracy without the threat of blocking, discriminating, price gouging, or favoritism. Hey @AriMelber, you asked who has standing to sue under the Foreign Emoluments Clause. We do. See: Blumenthal  v. Trump. … Connecticut moms Jill Negro, Carolyn Jamis & Kristen Laviola joined me today to demand that the @US_FDA use every available tool to eliminate EpiPen shortages&delays.pic.twitter.com/Rp7iqnfJZ1 First it was skyrocketing&exorbitant prices. Now supply delays&shortages are again denying consumers access to a device that could save their lives. Pharmacies have been turning away consumers desperate to refill their EpiPen prescriptions since March. That’s unacceptable. EpiPens save lives, but not if consumers can’t get their hands on them.  Happy Mothers Day! With thanks to the great women who make our lives meaningful. Happy graduation, students of America! A great gift to for-profit college con artists from an ethics challenged Administration. … More delay, more failure. Inexcusable incompetence and incompatibility in military/veteran medical records systems betrays our nation’s brave heroes. A decade lost.    via @politico White House failure to apologize for Sadler remarks is despicable. Haspel should publicly disavow too—a test of her character&independence. If she aspires to lead heroes she ought to respect one. … Not only “a big mistake,” hiring Michael Cohen was a craven, brazen attempt to block legitimate and necessary antitrust law enforcement against your merger - and wrong. AT&T owes consumers an apology. … Visited the #NewBritain @McDonalds to discuss the new nationwide rule requiring calorie counts on menus at chain restaurants, theaters, and more. Providing this key info will help consumers make healthy choices about the foods they eat.pic.twitter.com/HH4GF6Afpn There's a "pattern" of Michael Cohen linking Trump to Russians - @SenBlumenthalpic.twitter.com/hYIHU0nzjj Michael Cohen delivers! After Russian oligarch apparently funneled $500k to him, he presented proposal for lifting Russia sanctions – in person, by hand – to then-National Security Advisor Flynn. Is there any innocent explanation? Cohen received Russian-linked payments, met Pres. Trump in the Oval Office, and hand-delivered proposal for lifting sanctions. Payment in Jan. 2017 followed by visit to Flynn on Feb. 6. We now know the quid – is this the quo? Flashback to Michael Cohen – working for Russians.  …pic.twitter.com/bACQqhQO0x Good. Now Congress should strike back against scammers and pass the ROBOCOP Act, which would require carriers to provide blocking services for free. … Serving with Eunice Groark was a lesson in public service. She stood strongly for convictions and conscience, combining them with unstinting civility and humor. As AG, I saw her navigate challenges with intellect and grace. She will be missed. … The involvement of not just any oligarch, "but an individual who was sanctioned by our own government … [and] payments to Michael Cohen, the President’s lawyer, from that Russian oligarch? That prospect is very serious evidence of collusion,” @SenBlumenthal sayspic.twitter.com/6fBg5Vz17k One more time for Mick Mulvaney: The “C” in CFPB stands for Consumer, not Corporate. Muzzling its ability to police predatory loan providers like Navient is a slap in the face to students - and another reminder of who this Administration really serves. … No end in sight to our national nightmare - expanding evidence of financial entanglements between Russian oligarchs and Trump’s inner circle. One year ago today Pres. Trump fired FBI Director Comey, and his attacks on the brave men and women of law enforcement haven’t abated since. I’m on the Senate Floor to talk about the FBI  and DOJ I know – organizations America needs now more than ever.  … As Mueller follows the money, facts, and evidence, Congress must move to protect his work from Trump interference. No red lines when it comes to defending the rule of law. January to August, 2017: Michael Cohen, Trump’s personal attorney, receives $500,000 from a company tied to sanctioned Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg. May 10, 2017: Secret Oval Office meeting with Pres. Trump and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to discuss Russia sanctions – made public because Russia released photos. December 29, 2016: Secret Flynn phone call to Ambassador Kislyak to discuss Russia sanctions. December 13, 2016: Secret Kushner meeting with sanctioned Russian VEB Bank CEO Sergey Gorkov. December 1, 2016: Secret Kushner and Flynn meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak to discuss Russia sanctions. June 9, 2016: Secret Trump Tower campaign meeting – including Paul Manafort, Jared Kushner, and Donald Trump Jr. – to discuss Russia sanctions. THREAD: With last night’s revelations tying Cohen to a Putin-linked oligarch, it’s worth reviewing the history of Trump associates' interactions with Russians over sanctions. #OneMoreVote is all we need to pass the Senate resolution to protect #NetNeutrality. Please keep raising your voices to members of Congress. The internet belongs to you, not corporate cronies - and it ought to stay that way. We are forcing a vote on #NetNeutrality because Americans deserve to know who is working for them in Washington and who is beholden to the whims of big corporations.pic.twitter.com/gVvJp2bUSA Today we are officially filing the petition to force a Senate vote protecting #NetNeutrality – the essential foundation of our free, open internet. … Follow the money. … By tearing up the #IranDeal, Pres. Trump has squandered a historic chance to strengthen the agreement with enhanced limits and sanctions – trashing instead of tightening it – and eroding our position in stopping a nuclear-armed North Korea. Destructively discarding the #IranDeal lets Iran advance its nuclear capability w/o effective economic costs - ultimately destabilizing the region, threatening Israel, and dividing us from key allies. It is not the strategy we need to stop the Iranian regime's malign agenda. Great to welcome @RideOnTeam26 as their rolling rally from #Newtown arrives in Washington. Their message for Congress is simple: Do your job. Listen to America and act against the gun violence that claims 90 lives a day. #Enoughpic.twitter.com/FqMsrOPd8o Met yesterday with @Aly_Raisman, a champion in so many ways. Her courage in confronting the scourge of sexual abuse inspires me to keep fighting to protect athletes everywhere.pic.twitter.com/RBSuMP7LcY Pleased to see FDA menu labeling rule take effect today – empowering consumers with information to make healthier choices about the foods they eat. … As a subpoena from Special Counsel seems increasingly necessary and unavoidable, the impending threat of interference from Trump rises. Senate must approve legislation to protect Special Counsel ASAP to avoid a Constitutional crisis. Defying the law is destructive. Courts told Nixon, Clinton, Jefferson, and others: Subpoenas must be obeyed. No one is above the law. … Wonderful walk for @MarchofDimes in #Fairfield today - great people for a great cause, making miracles possible. Proud that CT is leading the nation on #NetNeutrality - a model for action on our Congressional initiative to preserve an open internet. We have 50 Senators committed - only one more needed. … Usually, the lawyer does damage control for the client, not the reverse. Giuliani pulling the President into legal quicksand. The more they twist, the deeper they go - into a pit of prevarication. … Proud to stand with @RideOnTeam26 as they begin their inspiring ride from #Newtown to Washington. Congress must hear their message and act to stop gun violence. … Trump should be listening to young reformers, not mindless NRA applause for a senseless speech. He's on the wrong side of history, and the wrong side of the American people. Regardless of Trump's pandering to the NRA, young people are championing a new social change movement to end gun violence - sweeping the nation and saying "our blood, your hands." Pres. Trump squandered a golden opportunity to call for commonsense solutions to the gun violence ravaging America – instead trotting out more tired talking points and appalling excuses. This is what moral bankruptcy looks like. While Pres. Trump doubles down to the NRA, we redouble our fight for commonsense reforms - universal background checks, extreme risk protection orders & bans on assault weapons/high-capacity magazines. Pres. Trump would rather stand with the NRA - and cheer Congressional complicity in gun violence - than survivors & loved ones demanding action. His fatal fidelity to the gun lobby is despicable. After chastising fellow Republicans for fearing the NRA, Pres. Trump parrots their tired talking points to rapturous applause. A profile in cowardice that should outrage every American. If Pres. Trump truly wanted to confront gun violence, he'd use his NRA address to call for the commonsense reforms Americans want to see. I’m not holding my breath. Warm weather is here, and so is tick season. These safety tips can help keep your summer free from tick-borne infections like Lyme disease. … If you or someone you know is facing immediate danger, please call 911. Confidential and free help is also available from domestic violence service organizations like @CTCADV. Last night's tragedy in #NorthHaven reminds us of our urgent obligation to address domestic violence - a dangerous and all too often deadly scourge. Just visited @YNHH to meet some of the SWAT team members who responded to the #NorthHaven standoff and thank them in person.pic.twitter.com/twtcn5tXVp When the history of our time is written, the free press will be counted among its heroes. On #WorldPressFreedomDay we salute the journalists whose fearless pursuit of the truth helps keep our society strong. Deeply grateful for law enforcement’s swift and selfless response to the harrowing incident overnight in #NorthHaven. Wishing the injured a speedy recovery. … Sen. Blumenthal on a potential Trump interview with special counsel Mueller: The President has really boxed himself into a corner because "he has lied repeatedly and consistently in public"  pic.twitter.com/p5jH2J8617 "I think [Robert Mueller] knows that Donald Trump has to submit to an interview or this investigation cannot be finished" and if he refuses, "a subpoena is absolutely appropriate," Democratic Sen. Blumenthal says  pic.twitter.com/MEdffWz9D7 Parents need awareness when children – at their most vulnerable age and reliant on coaches and trainers – have their trust betrayed by predators. The hurt caused by this small minority of trainers is huge and enduring. All responsible for abhorrent abuse of athletes - incl. U.S. Olympic Committee and governing bodies - must be held accountable. Survivors bravely coming forward at our legislative hearings and today in #Hartford to protect young athletes. Brave athletic champions, survivors of horrific sexual abuse, have forced a moment of reckoning for our nation - and now federal action must match their courage.pic.twitter.com/jelFClLNkr Trump adding tinder to smoldering Constitutional conflagration. Imminent crisis can be averted only if Republicans join us in speaking out to stop interference and obstruction of justice. Act now, or answer to history. … A subpoena to Pres. Trump seems increasingly necessary and unavoidable. So does a law protecting the Special Counsel. The coming crucible demands courage - especially from Republicans controlling Congress. … Stand up for Deputy AG Rosenstein, as he resists bullying and illegal obstruction from fringe right Republicans. They incite and invite the President to crush the rule of law. … Passing bill to protect Special Counsel from firing - and avert a Constitutional confrontation not seen since Watergate - has never been more urgent. The Senate needs to do its job and act. #ProtectMueller As Special Counsel moves closer to the Oval Office, specter of firing or interference looms larger. Senate must pass Judiciary Committee bill to #ProtectMueller and ensure his vital work continues. Last week, a bipartisan Judiciary Committee majority cleared bill to #ProtectMueller - rightfully putting rule of law above politics. As release of questions shows how close Mueller is to Oval Office, the full Senate should follow suit. Now. As a Senate Armed Services Committee member, I am committed to ensuring that federal defense funding supports Electric Boat’s critical work - empowering CT’s economy and securing our seas. Pleased to see Electric Boat commit to creating even more jobs right here in #Connecticut. Our state’s workforce produces the best submarines in the world, bar none. Today’s commitment from @GDElectricBoat - bolstered by important state aid - is a major win for #Connecticut jobs and national security.pic.twitter.com/oTeQ0MRun2 These questions show the unavoidable need for Trump to sit for a face-to-face interview with Special Counsel, under subpoena to grand jury if necessary. This investigation cannot be complete without Trump's answers under oath. Mueller’s questions outline obstruction of justice by Trump - now a credible, even compelling case built on his own ongoing acts and words. Trump must answer these questions. … We still don’t know what role the NRA may have played in abetting Russian election meddling - one of many reasons Pres. Trump’s appearance at their convention shames his office. … Today marks @CecileRichards’ last day at Planned Parenthood after 12 years. #ThankYouCecile for your relentless focus on expanding – and protecting – quality care for millions of women and men nationwide. I will fight this megamerger between Sprint and T-Mobile if it sabotages competitive benefits for consumers - lower prices, better service.  … I call on the FDA to stop sales of JUUL and other addictive devices using kid-friendly flavors and other gimmicks to lure kids. The Trump Admin’s regulatory foot-dragging means companies like JUUL can keep marketing their insidious, addictive devices to kids. We can and must do more to prevent minors from getting hooked.pic.twitter.com/2rFux9XlBU A solid win - again - for the Special Counsel. Unsurprising but significant, a sign that prosecutors can prevail, if protected from political interference and obstruction. Pres. Trump take note. … House Intel Republicans' report conflates, contorts and conceals the facts - offering Pres. Trump a fig leaf fantasy of protection against the reality of wrongdoing. This report is a whitewash without any plausible pretense of truth-telling. It would be a joke, if it were not such a deadly threat to our democracy. … As the E. coli outbreak spreads, stores like #WestHartford’s Crown Market are pulling romaine lettuce at their own expense. It’s time for FDA to lead - by issuing a swift recall before more consumers get sick.pic.twitter.com/ghnLVos9fC Sen. Richard Blumenthal calls Trump's comments about the DOJ during his Fox and Friends interview "a very ominous and threatening kind of statement"    Exactly why Judiciary Committee was right to advance Special Counsel protection bill today – and why we must resist any attempts to interfere w/ investigation. We can't wait any longer to guard against Constitutional crisis. #ProtectMueller … Wonderful to welcome #Newtown Middle School to the Capitol on such a beautiful day. Enjoy your visit!pic.twitter.com/bI04nXzVgz Mandate for Special Counsel protection more vital now than ever - and its importance mounts by the day. My colleagues should follow the Judiciary Committee's lead and approve this measure without delay. Pres. Trump’s rash, reckless statements this morning heighten our clear and urgent imperative to #ProtectMueller. No President can obstruct justice by firing a Special Counsel or by blocking a legitimate criminal investigation. This measure will assure the integrity & independence of an investigation vital to national security & public trust in the rule of law. Today's bipartisan Committee vote is historic, in the highest traditions of the Senate as the public expects it to work. … We owe deep gratitude to the courageous military men and women who came forward - truly speaking truth to power - with information essential to fairly and fully evaluating the Jackson nomination. Our nation thanks you for standing up and speaking out. The Trump Administration must put an end to its repeated failures in screening and scrutinizing top-level nominees. Pres. Trump must fulfill our obligation to America’s heroes by naming a leader who will enhance and expand veterans’ health care, jobs, skill training and other essential services. The White House bungled this nomination from the start – fumbling the facts and vetting, then failing to produce documents. Veterans deserve a first-class manager with unquestionable integrity and ability. … This program should never have been threatened. Its continuation is welcome news for advocates of due process - and a testament to the power of all who spoke out in its defense. … The Koch brothers are using their influence in the Trump Admin to advance their agenda of self-interest at the expense of everyday Americans and our democracy. I’m joining @SenWhitehouse and decrying their #WebofDeceit:  … Proud to partner with @ChrisMurphyCT as we fight to make CT homeowners and small businesses whole. Congress should act on these measures without delay, supplementing state efforts. In addition to direct federal aid, we must hold insurance companies accountable for unacceptably denying those w/ crumbling foundations the compensation they deserve. I’ll continue to fight for any and all avenues of assistance. Our bills would create federal grant programs through FEMA & HUD – delivering millions in direct relief to homeowners and small businesses facing financial calamity due to crumbling foundations. We must do more to help Connecticut homeowners dealing with crumbling foundations. Today I joined @ChrisMurphyCT to announce two bills that will provide the aid and relief they deserve. This decision, while welcome, does not absolve Congress of its obligation to keep America’s promise to the #Dreamers. That is what great countries do. Another federal judge agrees: President Trump’s reckless rescission of #DACA violates the law. … FDA should work with food producers to conduct voluntary - or if needed, mandatory - recalls to expeditiously remove tainted romaine lettuce from store shelves. Consumers deserve nothing less. I’m urging Commissioner Gottlieb to expedite FDA’s investigation of the E. coli outbreak that has sickened dozens, including at least two in Connecticut.pic.twitter.com/Tiv4G09xuV It is outrageous that after weeks of Americans continuing to be hospitalized from the multi-state E. coli outbreak, the CDC and FDA have failed to identify the source of this contamination. .@SenBlumenthal: Kyle Duncan has made a career of seeking to turn back policies that protect the most vulnerable members of our country. He is out of the mainstream – in fact, he's out of the stream entirely. #StopDuncanpic.twitter.com/G06jWRapsu Our veterans deserve a Secretary of unimpeachable experience and integrity - and a White House that thoroughly vets each nominee. I’ll withhold my judgment on Jackson, but Americans are right to question this Administration’s failure to fulfill a basic obligation. Yet again, this Administration fails to fully vet a nominee of enormous importance. This troubling pattern insults the American public and undermines faith in our nation’s most vital institutions. … Questions surrounding Jackson only deepen doubt about his ability to lead our government’s second largest department – one of profound significance to millions of veterans & families. Serious, swirling questions about Jackson underscore the Trump Administration’s abject and repeated failure to properly vet nominees – a tremendous disservice to veterans and all Americans. On this day 31 years ago, the L’Ambiance Plaza disaster in #Bridgeport claimed 28 lives and forever changed many more. In their honor, we recommit to the fight for worker safety.pic.twitter.com/J6Zh3K7FzT Remaking this proven program to spread discredited abstinence-only dogma would undo hard-fought progress in reducing teen pregnancy. Is there no line this Administration won’t cross to peddle its backward agenda? … Perfect morning to celebrate the completion of reconstructed Fort Hale Pier in #NewHaven – a model for resilience and responsible planning for climate change.pic.twitter.com/CxQUj5JFTI On this #EarthDay, as we rejoice in our planet's amazing beauty, let us redouble our determination to resist the forces that would degrade and endanger it. Ripping children from parents - hundreds at our borders - is an unspeakable atrocity that stains our great nation. This inhumane policy must stop. … Holding a Town Hall on efforts to protect the Special Counsel investigation – 2pm tomorrow at UConn Law’s Starr Hall. Hope you will join for this timely and important conversation.pic.twitter.com/4zBAfKmk48 Everything really is awesome at @LEGO_Group in #Enfield - home to world-famous products and hundreds of quality jobs. Great tour and discussion about building on past success right here in Connecticut.pic.twitter.com/zHbIIJdmKZ Students in every corner of Connecticut led the way in today’s #NationalSchoolWalkout – refusing to accept Congressional complicity in gun violence. America agrees: Inaction is inexcusable. … Students walking out today aren’t asking for special treatment. They want Congress to do its job and so do I. Enough excuses - it's time to heed these voices of reason and act. #NotOneMore Incredibly proud of students in #Ridgefield and all over America walking out and speaking out - demanding action to curb gun violence. This is what democracy looks like. #NationalSchoolWalkoutpic.twitter.com/3TjIoCcpB9 Hope my colleagues will side with vast majorities of Americans and back my Extreme Risk Protection Order bill w/ @LindseyGrahamSC. America’s gun violence crisis demands federal action. Extreme Risk Protection Order laws empower law enforcement to stop gun violence tragedies before they occur. No wonder more than 8 in 10 Americans – incl. many in gun-owning households – support them. … Look forward to joining @SchoolWalkoutUS organizers tomorrow in #Ridgefield. These inspiring young leaders have built a nationwide movement against gun violence – one that Congress must answer with action. #NationalSchoolWalkout Wonderful to see grand opening of new station in #Meriden. Looking forward to even more transit options when CTrail Hartford Line begins service in mid-June. … No more wishful thinking. The threat to the Special Counsel investigation is real and immediate. The time for action is now - in fact, it's overdue. … From enabling big polluters to subsidizing his lavish lifestyle with taxpayer dollars, Scott Pruitt is plainly unfit to lead @EPA. He has squandered the public trust and must resign. Trump told the Russians there would be no new sanctions before his own UN envoy. A disastrous policy, implemented disastrously - undermining America. … Perpetuating predatory practices that lock consumers of color into higher auto loan interest rates doesn’t just harm those individuals, it exacerbates deep ethnic and racial wealth disparities. That’s why I voted No on #SJRes57. This repugnant resolution ignores the unacceptable, undeniable truth: Consumers’ interest rates are regularly marked up based on their race or ethnicity. Passing #SJRes57 gives cover to this disgusting practice. … Today’s Subcommittee hearing – including testimony from athletes across multiple sports – is a critical step forward in our investigation of shameful systemic abuse. Watch live at   I commend Jordyn and all of the athletes courageously sharing their stories today. Their bravery should motivate my colleagues to root out the scourge of sexual abuse in sports – whatever it takes. … It is unconscionable that nearly seven months after Hurricane Maria, citizens of the greatest country on earth remain mired in a slow-motion humanitarian crisis. We cannot continue failing #PuertoRico. … The last thing we need is a Secretary of State who will reinforce Pres. Trump’s worst instincts. I’ll oppose Pompeo’s nomination, and so should my colleagues. Pompeo has devalued religious tolerance and allied himself with anti-Islam and anti-LGBTQ groups. His regressive views on reproductive rights jeopardize women’s healthcare around the world. These are not the qualities we need in a Secretary of State. America needs a top diplomat who values diplomacy and knows how it's done. Mike Pompeo's record of prioritizing military might over constructive engagement shows he is not right for this job. On @Morning_Joe today, I discussed our historic obligation to protect the Special Counsel and why I’m opposing Mike Pompeo’s nomination as Secretary of State. Watch here: … Glad to see @NTSB launch immediate investigation into #Southwest engine failure. We need to determine whether other planes are at risk – because no passenger should have to experience this nightmare. Deeply troubled by the tragic loss of life aboard a #Southwest flight today. Thankful for the quick action of pilots and first responders on the ground in Philadelphia. It was a pleasure meeting this group of Brunswick School students visiting from #Greenwich. Thanks for the great questions, and enjoy your trip!pic.twitter.com/HLQ7fasy0z Thanks to the #GOPTaxScam, wealthy executives are laughing all the way to the bank - while working Americans are stuck holding the bag. A reminder of who comes first in Trump’s Washington. … Today is #TaxDay, so my GOP colleagues are hard at work spinning the #GOPTaxScam. Try as they might, everyday Americans know a bait-and-switch betrayal when they see one. … #OneMoreVote is all we need for victory in the Senate. Please keep urging your elected officials to support #NetNeutrality & stand up for a free, open internet. … Sanctions must be enforced to be effective. The White House needs to recognize this and respond with coherent, consistent strategy. What will it take for Pres. Trump to punish Russian complicity in Assad’s mass murder? Refusal to do so is inexplicable – and indefensible. Absolutely outrageous. Trump’s slapdash sanctions strategy emboldens our foes and diminishes America. … No more silence. At this critical moment – one Trump tweet from Constitutional crisis – my GOP colleagues must speak out in defense of Mueller, Rosenstein, and rule of law. Democracy depends on it. … Look forward to your thoughts and questions at tomorrow’s #NetNeutrality Town Hall with @JRosenworcel - 2pm at Goodwin College Auditorium in #EastHartford. I’ll make sure my colleagues in Washington hear your concerns loud and clear.pic.twitter.com/p0DuqJisD1 The Trump Admin has essentially slammed the door in the face of refugees fleeing Assad’s vicious rule. Turning our back on children & families seeking refuge is a shameful affront to American values. An effective response to the crisis in Syria cannot just be a military one - what remains lacking are robust diplomatic, economic, and humanitarian efforts. Assad should be held accountable -  tried and convicted of war crimes. His Russian and Iranian enablers should be held responsible as well. A military response to Assad’s brutal use of chemical weapons was well-merited, but Pres. Trump must come to Congress and set forth a consistent strategic path forward. Syria strike still lacks a coherent strategy - sending a message without real effect on Assad’s war capability. Hope you’ll join me and FCC Commissioner @JRosenworcel in #EastHartford this Sunday (4/15) for a Town Hall on #NetNeutrality - the foundation of our free and open internet.pic.twitter.com/CSH6jrxfLh Thanks to everyone for joining today’s Town Hall discussion in #Meriden - and for continuing to raise your voices. It’s an honor to amplify your concerns in Washington. … Profoundly inspiring to see students all over America standing up and speaking out. Today in #Meriden, I heard from many about gun violence, school safety, the opioid crisis, #DACA, and more.pic.twitter.com/D1rIJr6gkE Great to be back at Career High School in #NewHaven to see their Youth Mental Health First Aid training program in action. These students are learning vital skills, like how to help peers experiencing mental health issues.pic.twitter.com/JfcYDUnDxy Forced arbitration lets employers use handpicked mediators to make harassment allegations go away – denying would-be plaintiffs their day in court. The Senate should right this wrong and pass the Arbitration Fairness Act. … .@SenBlumenthal on the Trump judicial nominee who wouldn't answer his question about whether she agreed with the Brown v. Board of Education decision: "It is disqualifying"  #innerspic.twitter.com/8GZcxdRjMb With Wheeler joining Scott Pruitt at EPA, polluters gain yet another Administration ally – while children, families, seniors, and our environment suffer. I just voted against Andrew Wheeler because a coal lobbyist and darling of big polluters has no business as EPA’s second-in-command. … Judges face many hard questions. This was not one of them. If you can’t affirm that the Supreme Court was right in desegregating schools, you don’t belong on the federal bench. … Panicky scheme - firing Rosenstein and retroactively claiming executive privilege - spells Constitutional catastrophe. Such hare-brained plots deserve denunciation - now. Republicans must stand up and speak out before it’s too late. … "There's a growing chance that the President will, again tragically for his presidency, obstruct justice by firing Rod Rosenstein. And clearly the firing of Robert Mueller would be obstruction of justice." @SenBlumenthal on Trump. #Hardballpic.twitter.com/PF2OY4Gw3s “Firing Rod Rosenstein, in my view, would be evidence of obstruction of justice on the part of the President,” Sen. Blumenthal says   (corrects spelling)pic.twitter.com/ZLojOdBYc4 We know from reports that Pres. Trump sought to fire Mueller twice. What more impetus does Congress need to act? Judiciary Committee should swiftly approve bipartisan bill to #ProtectMueller and defend rule of law. Trump tirades and rants show the need to #ProtectMueller has never been greater. I’m supporting this legislation and so should every single one of my colleagues. … By making proven drug take-back programs available to more Americans, we can stop opioid misuse and diversion in its tracks and save lives. That’s why I’ll fight for the AIDD Act. Proud to work with @SenJoniErnst and @ChuckGrassley on the Access to Increased Drug Disposal Act, which would encourage safe disposal of unwanted drugs by incentivizing pharmacies and other locations to establish take-back programs. For too many Americans, the path to addiction starts at the medicine cabinet. Unused drugs can end up causing unexpected harm – in part due to a lack of participation in critical take-back programs. #SESTA is a model for what we can accomplish by working across party lines, and when the tech industry is willing to come to the table to help solve an intractable problem. … This victory would not have happened without the brave survivors who came forward, shared their stories, and cried out for justice. Your faces and voices got #SESTA across the finish line – finally unshackling the courthouse doors. Pleased to see the President sign #SESTA, my bipartisan bill with @SenRobPortman to deliver long-delayed justice to sex trafficking survivors. Sen. Richard Blumenthal: President Trump firing Robert Mueller "would trigger a constitutional firestorm"  pic.twitter.com/FXrZqugWLf Facebook’s efforts to combat sex trafficking - including its support of #SESTA - show what we can achieve by facing tough challenges together. Zuckerberg needs to bring that approach to protecting consumer privacy. Facebook’s failure to protect users after being provided this app’s terms and conditions is strong evidence that the company recklessly violated FTC’s consent decree. Zuckerberg admitted at today’s hearing that no one on Facebook's app review team was held accountable for approving the app used to sell user data to Cambridge Analytica. Wondering why not? So am I. More apologies from Mark Zuckerberg won’t fix Facebook. We need accountability and action – not vague commitments to do better while continuing to profit off of users’ personal data.pic.twitter.com/qaKAYLj3VE I’m questioning Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at today’s Commerce/Judiciary joint hearing. Watch live:  … #EqualPayDay reminds us of our obligation to level the playing field with efforts like the #PaycheckFairnessAct. We cannot rest until all women receive the equal compensation they deserve. “The time for trust has passed.”  U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal says the “moment of reckoning” has come for Facebook and that “there has to be government action” after the social media giant “failed to come clean with ... the world”, in an interview with Channel 4 News.pic.twitter.com/90tdKtUsX0 .@SenBlumenthal weighs in on Cohen raid   #morningjoe Trump’s rant after raid on his lawyer shows urgent need to #ProtectMueller - now. Republican colleagues and all of Congress must stand up against possible interference. No excuse for silence. … Congratulations to my friend and colleague @SenDuckworth on the birth of her daughter Maile Pearl. Wishing you and your family all the best! Joined NPR’s @MorningEdition to discuss the latest in Syria and tomorrow’s high-stakes hearing with Mark Zuckerberg. Listen here: … Latest atrocity - an unspeakable chemical attack on his own people - shows Assad to be truly a war criminal. He should be prosecuted, in absentia if necessary. Humanitarian aid must be unfrozen - some of $200 million suspended by Trump - to aid Syrian victims of this heinous, inhumane chemical attack. If Pres. Trump truly wants to lead, he can start by standing up to Russia and ending the freeze he placed on $200 million in Syria relief funds Congress provided. … We cannot avert our eyes. Time to confront this horrific crisis with action to hold Assad - as well as Russian & Iranian enablers - accountable for barbaric brutality. Time for real leadership from Trump. More than merely words, action is necessary to hold Russia, as well as Syria & Iran, accountable. … At gun violence Town Halls across America, students are speaking out and showing the way to commonsense change. It’s time my colleagues listen - we work for them, not the gun lobby. Inspired by courageous, determined students who spoke so passionately at Youth Town Hall on gun violence in #Farmington. I’ll fight to make sure Congress answers your voices of reason with much-needed action.pic.twitter.com/vvnwVGKSX2 CT thankfully is protecting our students against avaricious loan collectors and AWOL federal officials. Stand strong in insisting on respect for CT consumers and the law. … Tiptoeing toward transparency is not good enough. Fulsome, broad reform - imposing full disclosure and screening -  is necessary to restore trust and meet Facebook’s responsibility. … Trump bribes to judges in effect flout the Constitution - showing more clear contempt for the rule of law. Judiciary Committee oversight necessary. … Rosenstein refusal to release Special Counsel reports would ignite a Constitutional conflagration. Only full disclosure can avoid this looming firestorm. The American people must see Special Counsel reports, fully and promptly, to hold accountable all responsible for Russian collusion and obstruction. Sunlight is best disinfectant. #RosensteinReleaseReports … #SESTA will make a huge difference, but truly stamping out the scourge of sex trafficking will take more than legislation. Encouraging to see companies like @UPS doing their part. Heard from @UPS drivers and staff in #Hartford about their participation in the “Truckers Against Trafficking” initiative – training drivers to recognize signs of sex trafficking and alert law enforcement.pic.twitter.com/3NlEoaC9pa Facebook’s betrayal of privacy rights is almost certainly a gross violation of its FTC consent decree, requiring immediate and vigorous action. FTC must show wronged consumers its mettle and seek meaningful monetary damages and other remedies. … Next week’s Commerce/Judiciary joint hearing is a good first step toward instituting some vitally necessary rules of the road for Big Tech - something that can and ought to be a bipartisan priority. Glad Zuckerberg has agreed to face the music. His company has shamelessly shredded its users’ privacy rights- just today admitting that the personal data of most of its 2 billion users had been compromised by “malicious actors” over the last several years. … Facebook is devaluing its own currency: its business model is to sell personal info without users' knowledge or consent. Its betrayal of trust, sabotaging privacy protection, squanders the coin of its realm. High noon for Facebook - and Big Tech. A reckoning moment for privacy protection. Whose side are they on? Facebook shamelessly shredded privacy rights through its failure to protect users. Rigorous rules of the road - vigorously enforced - are vital, now. Mark Zuckerberg and other tech CEOs must be subpoenaed for documents. … Today’s stunning new disclosure further demonstrates how important it is for Zuckerberg to answer questions before the Senate - and the American people. An astonishing escalation in the number of users impacted by Cambridge Analytica’s deceptive data collection – raising new questions about Facebook’s failure to act for so long. … I’ll continue pushing for the permanent legal status and path to citizenship #Dreamers deserve. It’s time to end the nightmare Pres. Trump created by unwinding #DACA. If Pres. Trump won't lead on #DACA, he needs to get out of the way. Congress must act to shield #Dreamers from draconian mass deportation – with or without his help.pic.twitter.com/Hk2H7bqr5m Proud to work with @FrankPallone and @RosaDeLauro on the Food Labeling Modernization Act. We can and must bring clarity to grocery shelves across America. The Food Labeling Modernization Act would bring commonsense changes to deceptive, outdated labels – empowering consumers to make healthy choices. Consumers deserve clear, accurate info about the food they eat – but current labels don’t get the job done. That’s why I’ll introduce the Food Labeling Modernization Act. 