Mr. Mueller’s lifetime of service reflects his commitment to serving the American people with honor, integrity and courage. A great example of Democrats and Republicans protecting the civil rights of over 61 million Americans. Ten years ago, Congress needed to act to preserve the definition of disability; bi-partisan efforts with the disability and business communities resulted in the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act. Today is the 10th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act, which reinstated Congress’ inclusive definition of disability after the Supreme Court narrowed the definition—Democrats and Republicans coming together to benefit over 61 million Americans! To appease far right extremists, this Administration is attempting to bully vulnerable people who do not have a voice. This mean-spirited plan is an abomination. … These same Republicans refused to hold hearings for 293 days for an open Supreme Court seat under President Obama. Now they’re denying Dr. Ford a chance to testify because they refuse to wait a few days. It’s shameful that Senate Republicans are now bullying Dr. Ford. There should be a proper FBI background investigation and then a hearing instead of this unnecessary rush to vote. To those smear artists on Capitol Hill attacking Dr. Ford, why are you afraid of an FBI investigation? There is plenty of time for a standard FBI background investigation to examine Dr. Ford’s account. Speaking of delays, this “vote must be done next week” shenanigan is just that. Senate GOP held Justice Scalia’s seat open for 293 days under President Obama, refusing to give Judge Garland a vote or even a hearing. This investigation doesn’t have to take long but the White House is refusing to take the necessary steps to begin the investigation. The Administration needs to instruct the FBI to reopen Judge Kavanaugh’s background check and investigate Dr. Ford’s account of being sexually assaulted. Glad to see a reauthorization of the Children’s Hospitals Graduate Medical Education program I introduced with @SenBobCasey signed into law by @POTUS. More about this bill to help ensure quality care for kids:  … … Thank you,  @SenBobCasey, for extending the bipartisan CHGME program to support pediatricians and the children they serve:  pic.twitter.com/8CxguaCvei The Administration should direct the FBI to investigate this matter as part of its standard background check process after which Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh should testify in front of Congress. Wishing those observing Yom Kippur tonight a meaningful and easy fast. G'mar Chatimah Tovah. The Judiciary Committee should postpone Thursday’s vote and conduct a full review of this matter. Dr. Christine Blasey Ford has bravely come forward and deserves to be heard. What she describes in her interview is a violent sexual assault, which should be disqualifying for a nominee to a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. It’s been one year since @SenBobCasey, @PattyMurray & @BobbyScott started working on making childcare more affordable for families! Back them up here-  #ChildCare4All As another storm bears down on our Eastern Coast, @realDonaldTrump’s  attention should be on the safety and needs of those impacted rather than purposefully misleading tweets about death toll numbers of those this Administration failed during the last storm. This morning I have the honor of attending the remembrance ceremony at the Flight 93 National Memorial in Shanksville, PA. I pray for these heroes, their families and all those who lost their lives in the attacks that took place 17 years ago today. My office is monitoring this incident; including visiting the site and talking to officials on the ground. To all those in the area, please continue to heed the calls of local first responders. … Wishing all the best to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days. Shana Tova! .@JacksonCorbin_: I might be a kid, but I am still an American. The decisions you are making today will affect my generation’s ability to have access to affordable health care. We must have Justices who will save the ACA, safeguard pre-existing conditions, and protect our care.pic.twitter.com/kedLDnJ4wr "Judge Kavanaugh could have supported the civil rights of people with disabilities...but he failed."  Read @Tuesdaywithliz's written testimony here:   #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh … .@Tuesdaywithliz: Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination matters to me. Reading the decision in the Doe v. DC case made me very upset, because Judge Kavanaugh’s decision did not respect people’s rights and their freedom of choice because of their disability. This is wrong. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/NHX4ticXRr I stand by my actions.   I released 28 "committee confidential” documents to the public yesterday. Today I will be releasing more.   All docs here:  …   Grateful to my @SenateDems colleagues who have stood up to demand these docs be released to the public. This is a lifetime appointment that will impact the lives of all Americans. We deserve to have Judge Kavanaugh's full record available. Instead of following the historical standard of allowing the nonpartisan National Archives to determine what documents are released, Republicans have outsourced this process to a Republican lawyer who represents officials in the Trump Administration. The Administration and Senate Republicans are hiding basic documents about Judge Kavanaugh from the American people. I applaud @SenBooker, @MazieHirono and @SenatorLeahy for releasing these materials. My staff is in contact with the CDC and the Philadelphia Department of Public Health, and we’re monitoring the situation. Following yesterday’s incident at JFK, this further underscores the need for reauthorizing the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act. … Proud that the Senate unanimously passed our bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education program to help ensure our kids get the best care. @SenBobCasey and I look forward to @POTUS signing it into law soon!  … I’m praying for Bryan Chamberlain and his family. I’m also reflecting on the risks the public servants across our state and nation take to do their jobs each day. … Reauthorization of the CHGME program will ensure that we can help grow the specialized workforce needed to adequately care for our nation’s children. I urge President Trump to swiftly pass and sign this measure into law. … Under these circumstances, it is even more important to have these documents. If he were confirmed to the Supreme Court,  Judge Kavanaugh could find himself ruling on critical issues of presidential power and executive privilege. Individuals close to the President are under active investigation. His campaign manager has been convicted on eight counts. His personal attorney has pleaded guilty. “The indictment and trial of a sitting President, moreover, would cripple the federal government, rendering it unable to function with credibility in either the international or domestic arenas.” - Judge Kavanaugh “It makes no sense at all to have an independent counsel looking at the conduct of the President.” - Judge Kavanaugh “[T]he President should have absolute discretion (necessarily influenced, of course, by congressional and public opinion) whether and when to appoint an independent counsel.” - Judge Kavanaugh His writings speak for themselves: “Congress should give back to the President the full power to act when he believes that a particular independent counsel is ‘out to get him.’” - Judge Kavanaugh Having these documents is vital. It is even more important for Kavanaugh, whose record indicates a disturbing and expansive views on presidential power. The Judiciary Committee is conducting a hearing without knowing basic facts about the nominee’s record. The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on the Kavanaugh nomination even though millions of pages of documents from his White House tenure have not been released. As we celebrate Labor Day, we must pause to remember the women and men of organized labor who fought for workers’ rights and helped build the middle class. This conflicting guidance from the Department of Education will make it harder for victims to come forward and will discourage the changes that needs to happen to keep young women safe The regulations also appear to conflict with other federal law, like the Clery Act, which I amended in 2013 to improve how schools respond to sexual assault Title IX is a cornerstone of federal law to protect students from sexual harassment and sexual assault, and these regulations will hurt victims and make it harder for them to seek justice As students return to their college classrooms, we should be working to ensure their safety, not peeling back their protections against campus sexual assault as Sec. DeVos announced today … Justin & his wife, Yoshiko, visited every state, working w/ Republicans & Democrats to pass the Americans with Disabilities Act--bipartisan work at its best! Justin Dart, the father of the ADA, would have been 88 today. He worked tirelessly to pass the ADA, recognizing that “injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” Thank you @GovernorTomWolf … Majority Leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan control what comes to the floor in the Senate and House. They’ve repeatedly stood in the way of action on gun violence. This is inaction must end While I’m praying for all those impacted by the shooting in Jacksonville, I am also calling on Congress to take action on gun violence Tonight, our grateful nation mourns the loss of Senator John McCain, a patriot who spent a lifetime honorably serving the country he loved.  I’m praying for him and his family at this time I’m praying for @SenJohnMcCain and his family during this time. Our nation continues to be grateful for his lifetime of service. … I commend these men and women who served our country honorably and continue to stand for what’s right over politicization of the security clearance process … Special Counsel Mueller is a patriot who has spent a lifetime serving our nation. … Access to health care, community-based services, and strong Medicaid and Medicare programs are how to support the one in four American adults with a disability as reported by the CDC:  The Centers for Disease Control report one in four Americans over 18 have a disability. Even more of a reason to protect access to health care for those with pre-existing conditions!  It was a valiant effort from Tunkhannock, and they should hold their heads high. All of Pennsylvania is proud of you! #LLWS … .@SenBobCasey discusses proposed cuts to Medicare/Medicaid with seniors at Beaver Valley Mall … .@SenBobCasey and I wrote this weekend about how we can get more Americans with disabilities working. They are more than willing and ready - and the ABLE Act can help. … Social Security Disability Insurance is the contract we make with workers who put their heart, soul and body into their work, to take care of them. #SocSec83 We must protect and strengthen Social Security so it can continue to provide older Americans and Americans with disabilities stability and security #SocSec83 Social Security has kept its promises to older Americans and Americans with disabilities for 83 years. We must protect it now more than ever #SocSec83 .@SenJohnMcCain has spent a lifetime serving our nation. His work on our nation’s new defense law was a part of that long record of devotion to our country. @realDonaldTrump should have acknowledged this service during yesterday’s bill signing. Congratulations to Tunkhannock for their extra-inning victory over the Philippines to advance to the @LittleLeague Softball World Series semifinals. We'll be cheering you on tonight as you take on Oregon's Lake Oswego! #LLWS … "People with disabilities in America are still extraordinarily underemployed and more likely to be out of the workforce" write @SenatorBurr & @SenBobCasey for @CNNopinion  As a nation we must reject these hateful groups and their ideology. This weekend our nation reflects on the events that took place in Charlottesville one year ago. In doing so, we must remember Heather Heyer, Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, Lt. H. Jay Cullen, their families and all those impacted by the violent acts of white nationalists. It's estimated that more than 5 million Pennsylvanians live with a pre-existing condition, which can range from asthma to pregnancy to cancer. … Continuing my discussions with local families on the importance of defending protections for those with pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/PmUyATohEB I asked Jackson what made him think of that. He said, "That's what this fight is about. Getting health care means nothing if you can't afford to live your life. When we didn't have #Medicaid, we were just surviving. We weren't living."   Twelve. Years. Old. I told Jackson to write down any thoughts that popped into his head during the @SenBobCasey #HealthCareRoundtable today. I looked over to see that he had written down a quotation from Wall-E: "I don't want to survive; I want to live."  He's twelve.pic.twitter.com/Ld38V9sWXj Stacie Ritter, mom & health care activist: "Health care is a national security issue. Our number one resource in this country is our people." @SenBobCasey #HealthCareRoundtable #Harrisburg #ProtectOurCare Alice Sanders, breast/lung cancer survivor: "I am here on behalf of black women. We are dying at a higher rate than any other ethnicity/gender."  @SenBobCasey #HealthcareRoundtablepic.twitter.com/YVF5xvbAFj Jackson and I are at a health care round table in Harrisburg today.   @SenBobCasey: "I'm so mad, I don't need a microphone. It's inexcusable that anyone in either party would want to rip away protections for people with #PreExistingConditions."pic.twitter.com/J5Q0F0QMfR I was able to secure a number of key wins for farmers and families in Pennsylvania in the Senate’s version. These priorities were inspired by a series of listening and learning sessions I hosted with famers across the state. As the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives continue to negotiate over the final text of the 2018 Farm Bill, I’m joining with local farmers to call for expedited passage.pic.twitter.com/dvjeOvVz7a Later in life, he sought to revitalize and strengthen a bedrock of our nation, local journalism. I was honored to work with Gerry to support the Museum of the American Revolution, which was just one of his many efforts on behalf of our community. Gerry, working together with Marguerite, was a dedicated philanthropist who had a singular focus on improving the lives of others. After achieving success in business, he became a servant of Philadelphia and Southeastern Pennsylvania. Today, Philadelphia, Southeastern Pennsylvania and our entire Commonwealth mourn the loss of Gerry Lenfest. We extend our condolences to his wife, Marguerite, and his family. I am very troubled to hear Peter Biar Ajak - a committed human rights defender educated in Philadelphia - has been detained in South Sudan with out access to counsel. Standing with constituents’ calls for justice. This thread bears repeating every time @realDonaldTrump attacks an honorable public servant. … .@SenBobCasey filed legislation today that would make 3D printer plans for guns illegal. MORE:  The Trump administration has a new plan to cut taxes for the rich by $100 billion.  I tried to amend the tax bill to guarantee that if shareholders and CEOs benefit from corporate tax cuts, workers would too. Every single one of my Republican colleagues voted no. … Patriotic project. How a Boy Scout’s effort to help a homeless vet is part of a far reaching impact in this community tonight on @wbrewyoupic.twitter.com/Aq8deWsQDO I’d like to thank @SenatorEnzi, Chairman @SenAlexander and Ranking Member @PattyMurray for their work and cooperation over the last few years. I look forward to strong results from our nation’s students, workers and economy. I am pleased that we were able to work together across party lines on legislation that will help ensure that all students and workers get the skills they need to compete for well-paying jobs today and in the future. … PA Sen. Bob Casey testifying now at "The Cost of Resilience: Impact of Large-Scale Biological Events on Business, Finance & the Economy."  "Both our gov't & private sector bring something to the table and need to be equal partners in biodefense."   pic.twitter.com/9EzSvAPf10 LIVE NOW- The Cost of Resilience: Impact of Large-Scale Biological Events on Business, Finance and the Economy … Trump administration considers tax cut for the wealthy - … “With the money it has spent on buybacks, McDonald's could have given all of its 2 million employees a $4,000 raise. CVS could have given its employees $18,000 each.” … Getting real about fighting the opioid epidemic by making sure that our law enforcement has the tools to fight opioids and our health professionals have the tools to treat addiction. Investing in roads, bridges, and rail so we remain competitive and so that China remains in the rear view mirror instead of the horizon. Lowering the cost of college education so that the stepping stone to the middle class is within reach. Investing in broadband so that every American has the tools they need to compete in a 21st century economy. Investing in universal pre-K and quality child care for every American child. Shoring up Social Security so that people who have paid in to the system can get their guaranteed benefits. Here’s a few ideas that could use a little White House support: Protecting pension for coal miners and other American workers who are at risk of losing their pensions. This is disgusting. A proposal that could only be made by creatures of the swamp. How about directing some energy towards helping working families instead? … "Yet the insider sales feed the narrative that corporate tax cuts enrich executives in the short term while yielding less clear long-term benefits for workers and the broader economy." - Eye-popping’ payouts for CEOs follow Trump’s tax cuts … Mr. President you must work with us to STOP this. It’s long past time for you to get tough with Russia, tell Vladimir Putin that attacks like this will not go unanswered. … Committees 'd S.Res. 501 by @SenBobCasey yesterday. A resolution recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to p...  …  On this #ADA28 anniversary, great to see @Starbucks’ plan to open a store with many deaf employees in DC. Here’s to its success and the opening of even more stores to help address the need for increasing disability employment around the country! … It might not have had the controversy needed to make the news, but Congress passed a huge bipartisan accomplishment that will help students get the career and technical skills and knowledge they need to succeed in the workforce.  pic.twitter.com/8U029znstM The Career and technical education bill that is on its way to the president for his signature is a great bipartisan achievement. Thanks to @SenBobCasey, @SenAlexander, @PattyMurray & @IvankaTrump for their help in getting this bill passed.  pic.twitter.com/B38cZCDwFE The values and policies of the United States are for the inclusion of people with disabilities...not segregation, isolation & institutionalization. #ADA28 … This attack on a distinguished public servant is a dangerous insult to the rule of law. The president’s lapdogs are at it again. This time, they’re seeking the impeachment of a Deputy Attorney General who was nominated by a Republican president and confirmed by a Republican-led Senate. … New: @SenBobCasey celebrates reauthorization of bill for career and technical job education … This is a great step forward both economically and culturally for the greater Pittsburgh region and I look forward to continued growth in the years ahead. I’m pleased that British Airways has chosen to bring business back to southwestern Pennsylvania. Congratulations to @PITairport and all those involved in the community that have worked to make this happen. … I'm pleased that we were able to work together in a bipartisan manner on legislation that will help ensure that all students and workers get the skills they need to compete for well-paying jobs today and in the future. … This week marks the 28th anniversary of the signing of the Americans with Disabilities Act. As a nation, our duty now is to take actions that protect and enhance the rights of all Americans, including those with disabilities, and make equality for all a reality.pic.twitter.com/d8IL7WNIqz If you live in the Mid-Atlantic, please be aware of potential #flood dangers over the next few days. NEVER walk or drive through flooded areas and know where to go for higher ground. Pay attention to your surroundings and be safe. … Senator Casey, announcing Disability Employment Incentive Act, (which ANCOR supports): "We will continue to make sure we are not just informed by you, but inspired by you."pic.twitter.com/cptqFsFEAG Senator Casey: "This week is not just a week to celebrate, but also to remain vigilant" on ADA as we celebrate anniversary. Must ensure people with disabilities are at table on policy.pic.twitter.com/yjaq6PYG6Y "Disability Employment Incentive Act will encourage employers to hire people w disabilities & make workplaces more accessible"@SenBobCasey Celebrating the 28th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act with @SenBobCaseypic.twitter.com/7u4ZfQZhWX @SenBobCasey: "When our country is at our best, we care about each other... We must make sure people with disabilities have a seat at the table."  #ADA28 #MedicaidMatters #DEIApic.twitter.com/1k4LUkPow2 @SenBobCasey addresses the crowd at the @NCILAdvocacy disability-rights march, energizing advocates. #ADA #NCIL2018pic.twitter.com/hzTbIrgPQz “I am proud to be the first cosponsor on #DIAToday/#DIAnow. We must fight against HR620 and for DIA!" God bless @SenBobCasey. #NCIL2018pic.twitter.com/3Foy3VMeyx "The ADA announced to the world that individuals with #disabilities will not be silenced." - @SenBobCasey at #NCIL2018 #mobilizepic.twitter.com/WYzKd5okWJ Today, alongside representatives from FirstNet Authority, AT&T and other state and local officials, we announce plans for improved mobile broadband and voice services in Bedford County.pic.twitter.com/zeSUZruDbZ WATCH LIVE: On the Senate floor speaking out about @realDonaldTrump's meeting with Vladimir Putin.  … LIVE NOW: We're announcing our plans to defend the constitutionality of protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions.  The free press is not the enemy of the people, but a guarantor of their liberty. Saying a bedrock of our democracy is more of a threat than a Russian adversary, who is actively attacking America, demonstrates this Administration’s dangerous and reckless approach to our security. … My thoughts are with those affected by this incident at Letterkenny Army Depot. My staff has been in contact with the Army, and we stand ready to assist in any way we can. … The Trump Administration froze a payment program ensuring those w/pre-existing conditions have access to affordable care. Without it premiums will skyrocket.   That's why @SenBobCasey & I are demanding the Administration resume this program. Read more   … The President has an obligation to defend American against attacks. When it comes to Russia, he’s not doing it. … 'Troubling' doesn't even begin to describe it. … I offered an amendment during the tax debate to boost worker wages and fix this discrepancy. No Republicans supported. Wonder why… … .@SenBobCasey is speaking out about the Senate Judiciary Committee moving forward, over his objections, with 3rd Circuit nominee David Porter. He's scheduled to get a vote in committee on Thursday morning – and we urge senators to reject him:   #courtsmatterpic.twitter.com/hqru52uEWz During Obama's presidency, @SenateGOP blocked 18 judicial nominees through blue slips.  This week, senators will vote on Ryan Bounds over the objections of @SenJeffMerkley and @RonWyden, and @senjudiciary will vote on David Porter over @SenBobCasey's objections. This is shameful. Thank you for your tireless work on this. The Trump Administration continues to sabotage our health care system, and we must hold them accountable. … Today’s press conference in #Helsinki was one of the most disgraceful performances by an American president in memory.  My full statement on the #HelsinkiSummit:  … Instead of holding Vladimir Putin accountable in Helsinki, President Trump embraced him and in doing so diminished America’s standing in the international community and shamed the office of the presidency. Why is the President so deferential to Putin while he trashes our law enforcement who protect our country and our communities every day? Is he afraid of Putin? The President told the world today that he believes the word of Vladimir Putin over the findings of his country’s own intelligence and law enforcement agencies. They continued "Russia’s goals were to undermine public faith in the US democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency. We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump." In 2017, our intelligence agencies wrote, “We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election."  … .@realDonaldTrump attacked and diminished our law enforcement officers and intelligence agencies on foreign soil in front of a hostile dictator and on matters directly relating to an attack on our nation. Vladimir Putin is an adversary of America who attacked our elections in 2016, illegally annexed Crimea, has backed the murderous Assad regime in Syria and works every day to undermine our country’s security. I have supported the Administration’s engagement with North Korea and on other matters of foreign affairs because I believe that America is strongest when our foreign policy is bipartisan. However, what occurred today was a new low and profound embarrassment for America. .@realDonaldTrump’s conduct during today’s press conference with Vladimir Putin was dangerous and reckless. They are our adversary and they work against our national security interests every day, on many fronts. … If it wasn’t already clear to our President, yesterday’s indictments of Russian hackers who attacked our fundamental democratic institution — the election process — show that the Russian Federation is not our ally or our friend. They are not to be admired or applauded. The meeting should only go forward if President Trump is prepared to forcefully confront Russia’s actions. If President Trump is unwilling to hold Vladimir Putin fully accountable for Russia’s attack on our nation during the 2016 election, then he should cancel this meeting in the wake of yesterday’s indictments. Appalled by Trump Admin’s move to once again side w/ special interests (this time, baby formula manufacturers) by trying to undermine @WHO resolution promoting breastfeeding. Years of research shows that breastmilk can have long term benefits. I’m pressing @nikkihaley to explain.pic.twitter.com/bETYtSsAke The heroin & opioid epidemic has made a tragic impact on PA families. We need to do everything we can to support grandparents who are raising grandchildren. Thank you @SenBobCasey for championing this important legislation to help PA kids & grandparents. … Joe, @SenCollins and @SenBobCasey urged the Government Accountability Office to examine the relationship between labor force participation rates and substance use as well as a review of state and federal policies that may affect this trend.pic.twitter.com/xnypRkforU .@POTUS's performance at #NATOSummit was disappointing, yet unsurprising. There's little use in parsing his misstatements & bluster, except to say that they are the words of one man. Americans & their Congress still believe in the transatlantic alliance.  … We agree w/ @SenBobCasey, @SenatorDurbin, @SenDuckworth & @SenBillNelson. NHTSA should issue a final rule requiring safeguards for keyless ignition cars. We filed comments in 2011 urging NHTSA to adopt uniform standards to prevent tragic deaths & injuries  … The Trump Administration continues to sabotage our health care system. … BREAKING: Trump aims severe blow at ACA, says payments for insuring sicker individuals (called risk adjustment) will not be paid for prior years.  This is aggressive and needless sabotage of the ACA. Impact likely chaos.  I have more details. Follow here if interested. 1/ #Pennsylvania received $1.67 billion in #NIH funded research support in FY2017:   #NIHinYourStatepic.twitter.com/7xQJUSVudR “My soul aches that there are many pregnant women coming who could lose their babies like I did.” … With far too many parents struggling with addiction, grandparents are increasingly coming to the rescue & assuming a parental role. @SenBobCasey & I are delighted to announce that our bill to assist these “grandfamilies” has been signed into law.  … @SenBobCasey grandparents bill becomes law. #opioidcrisis … I will oppose the nomination the President will make tonight because it represents a corrupt bargain with the far Right, big corporations, and Washington special interests. President Lincoln called on our nation to work to ensure “… that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.” Instead, the GOP is determined to pack the Court with a government of, by, and for extreme Right corporate interests. I was elected to represent all Pennsylvanians. I was not elected to genuflect to the hard Right, who are funded by corporate America. Pennsylvania workers have led the way to ensure that working people have basic rights, good wages, and benefits, like health care. The last thing working men and women in Pennsylvania need is another corporate justice on an increasingly corporate court. From the formation of the first permanent Pennsylvanian local labor union in Philadelphia in 1792, through the Lattimer massacre in Northeastern Pennsylvania, to the Homestead Strike in Western Pennsylvania to today’s struggle to protect the right to organize... Heritage has also called labor unions – who helped build the middle class – “cartels.” They recently hosted a press conference for Republican attorneys general who are trying to eliminate those protections through the courts. In Pennsylvania, there are more than 5.3 million people (including 643,000 children) who have pre-existing conditions. Heritage, which is an extreme Right organization, just released a new proposal to end protections for people with pre-existing conditions and gut Medicaid for seniors, people with disabilities, and children. Any judge on this list is fruit of a corrupt process straight from the D.C. swamp. This list is the bidding of corporate special interests hell-bent on handing health care over to insurance companies, crushing unions that represent working men and women, and promoting policies that will leave the middle-class further behind. In a nation with over 700 sitting federal judges, many of whom were appointed by Republican presidents, it is outrageous that President Trump will nominate from a list of just 25 dictated to him by the Heritage Foundation. Good to see Starbucks taking swift action to address employee who mocked a customer with a disability. … From my family to yours, we wish you a happy, healthy and safe Independence Day!   And be careful with those fireworks!! pic.twitter.com/3H2TcLEof6 Casey, Wolf press feds for details on immigrant children in Pennsylvania  Accordingly, we reiterate our strong opposition to the practice of detaining families who seek asylum in the United States, especially the practice of separating children from their parents. We are very concerned about vulnerable children, for whom the trauma of being separated from their families will have a short and long-term adverse impact on their mental health and well-being. Today @SenBobCasey and I are requesting answers from @HHSGov about migrant children separated from their families at the southern border who are now in PA. Our main priority is ensuring the safety and well-being of all PA'ians, including those residing here even for a short time. … Today, @GovernorTomWolf joined @SenBobCasey in requesting answers from @HHSGov Sec. Azar on the number of migrant children separated from their families at the southern border who are now housed in PA.  Today, alongside City of Erie Mayor Joe Schember, I highlighted my work to repair bridges across Pennsylvania and reaffirmed my commitment to rebuilding and improving local and state infrastructure.pic.twitter.com/sdA4SKnD83 To help strengthen Pennsylvania’s ailing infrastructure, I worked to pass into law his bipartisan Support for Bridges Act. This legislation has helped set aside federal support for off system bridges across the country, including the Norman Way Bridge in Erie.pic.twitter.com/FkhoW96B6B I watched the video last night and found it very troubling. Sean Williams and the entire community deserve answers and justice. … I applaud the Department of the Army for their thoughtful consideration and hope that they continue to work to ensure that this has not happened to any other patriot. I’m proud of the work we’ve done to ensure that this American hero is honored for his sacrifice in the appropriate way and look forward to honoring his legacy for years to come. Mr. James recognition as a Second Lieutenant is long overdue. While it’s impossible to go back in time, this measure serves to right years of wrongs. … Proud to join @maziehirono in cosponsoring her legislation to strengthen the rights of workers to join unions and bargain collectively. … This is welcome news for the people of NEPA; I congratulate the Friends of Lackawanna on their recent victory in court.  … @FOL_Tweets “It’s been four months since I saw my son,” one woman wrote next to her nine-digit alien registration number. “He’s three years old.” … When did reunifying toddlers with their parents become a national security threat? … ‘Concerns’ aren’t good enough. Justice demands action for these vulnerable children. Every separated child must be reunited NOW. If @realDonaldTrump refuses to stop it, then @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan should use the power only they have to bring forth legislation to force this inhumane policy to end. Straight from the pit of hell. Is there a low that’s too low for this Administration when it comes to the treatment of migrant children? … Members of the press here and abroad risk their lives to report the truth; we must respect the vital role that a free press plays in making democracy function. Once again a group of Americans are confronted by gun violence. Congress must act. CC: @realDonaldTrump, @SecNielsen, @TheJusticeDept … I will not cooperate with any effort that would harm individuals with pre-existing conditions or disabilities and prevent them from getting the health insurance they need to cover their care. I urge you to join me in this fight. … Reminder: migrant children are still separated from their parents. This cruel treatment is an insult to our values. These families must be reunited now. … Mr. Mueller’s lifetime of service reflects his commitment to serving the American people with honor, integrity and courage.  … … US Intelligence: "We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election...We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump."  … … There are over 130 million Americans out there with pre-existing conditions who deserve to know why the Trump Administration and Republicans are trying to let insurance companies take away their coverage. @SenateDems are fighting for answers. #130MillionStrong #ProtectOurCarepic.twitter.com/j7JPAmgzj2 This nation deserves a Supreme Court Justice who will be guided by the principle of equal justice under the law for all Americans. In this term, the Supreme Court has issued rulings that would decimate labor unions, deny many Americans their right to vote and allow partisan gerrymandering to continue. Over and over again, the current Supreme Court majority has only represented the interests of extreme right wing ideologues and big corporations. Justices who sit on the most important court in the world, should not be selected by corporate interests and extreme right organizations. If an individual from the list provided to candidate Donald Trump by far-right organizations like the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society is nominated, then I am highly unlikely to support that nominee. Thus far, the Trump Administration has nominated many far-right judges that put the interests of big corporations ahead of justice and fairness for all Americans. The @SenateMajLdr should follow his own rule. The Senate should only consider this nomination when a new Senate is seated in January. … Must read: A new report from @SenBobCasey details the systematic efforts of the Trump Administration to sabotage the #ACA:    Stopping the assault on workers and labor unions in Congress, state legislatures and now the United States Supreme Court is vital to increasing incomes and strengthening the middle-class. If all workers benefit, it is only right that everyone contributes a fair share fee.  This effort in the courts was nothing more than a well-funded attempt by corporate billionaires to dismantle unions. If someone directly benefits from the negotiations by a union, it makes sense that they should pay a fee to cover the costs associated with this work and not get a free ride. By overturning 40 years of precedent, the U.S. Supreme Court is showing its opposition to the rights of working families and commonsense. Unions provide a path to the middle class for working people by increasing their income and the economic security of their families. To this end, it’s important that we do all we can to empower workers to organize, not make it harder.pic.twitter.com/wCcUUe0Vud What did corporate America do with that tax break? Buy record amounts of its own stock … The bill has rapidly gained momentum.  "Only a few months ago we were at an impasse," @SenatorEnzi, who drafted the bipartisan agreement w/ @SenBobCasey, said. "It's not an easy bill, but it's one that has a lot of potential to really solve some problems for this country." … Defense Secretary Mattis has a deep understanding of these issues and the President should seek his counsel. I am deeply concerned that @realDonaldTrump seems to be drifting away from what appears to be the only steady hand on national security issues in this Administration. … His answer? Support the Administration's legislation that also undermines protections for those with pre-existing conditions. Really.  I pressed Secretary Azar on the harm that will come to PA families if the Administration gets its way and eliminates protections for those with pre-existing conditions... .@SenBobCasey said the Trump admin killed an Obama admin pilot program that electronically monitored without detention asylum seekers, with 90%+ of them appearing for immigration hearings. Calls for program to be restarted. .@SenBobCasey says Trump admin must focus first on reuniting children with parents separated at border, warns of evolving policy that keeps families in longterm detention.pic.twitter.com/jhCPVUBEdw Currently at @SenBobCasey's Roundtable on SNAP being held in our Cluster Outreach Center. Stay tuned for more pictures and stories of SNAP in our communitypic.twitter.com/QpeYeSK9U9 Danielle Gadsen from @ClusterOutreach discusses her #snap experience, which included benefits for her and her 2 kids got cut for 2 months. @SenBobCasey @VAArkpic.twitter.com/Bsa5684KuQ It’s wrong to cut a program that works, like #snap - @SenBobCasey @VAArkpic.twitter.com/uL6zIFyV8U About 80k people in Montco have hunger insecurity. ⁦@VAArk⁩ speaking at #Pottstown Cluster w/ ⁦@SenBobCasey⁩pic.twitter.com/920PEUpLv7 For every $1 in #snap benefits, there is a $1.80 return in economic activity, per @SenBobCasey @VAArk @SenBobCasey discussing the senate version of the 2018 Farm Bill @VAArk @Ellen_Tellerpic.twitter.com/zWSRhbNf9i Roundtable on #snap with @SenBobCasey and @VAArk Hearing from those on SNAP about their experience.pic.twitter.com/M1DoaIx3K3 SNAP keeps over 50,000 #montcopa adults and 21,000 #montcopa children from going hungry and @SenBobCasey and @VAArk hosted a roundtable at @ClusterOutreach to advocate for strengthening SNAP, not cutting it.pic.twitter.com/OGsENjQnIF .@realDonaldTrump These stories of abuse and neglect are not 'phony.' Listen to the cries of these children and tell me their anguish isn't real.  The Administration still has not laid out a plan to reunite migrant children with their parents. I’m joining a new effort led by @RonWyden to demand one  … I am disturbed by what I saw on the video, and I have numerous questions about exactly what happened and why. A thorough investigation is necessary. Antwon’s family has a right to answers.” I want to express my condolences to the family and friends of Antwon Rose. I grieve with them, and the communities of East Pittsburgh and the Woodland Hills School District I’m joining an effort headed up by @SenJeffMerkley to call for Senate hearings on the Administration’s cruel treatment of migrant children. This isn’t over and there must be accountability and oversight Substituting a lesser form of cruelty for a greater form is still cruelty Detaining families indefinitely, possibly in violation of the Flores Agreement, is not a valid alternative How can you claim your EO will end family separations when it does not explicitly prohibit them? Why would you want to modify this agreement when you already have authority to enforce the law and ensure children are kept safe and healthy? The Flores settlement agreement, which you intend to modify, simply requires that DHS meet basic child welfare standards and ensure children are held in the “least restrictive conditions” and released “without unnecessary delay.” Why are you using taxpayer money for this form of detention rather than looking to alternatives like the ICE Family Case Management Program (FCMP), which had a 99% court appearance rate for families Your EO states families will be kept together subject to the law and appropriations. According to the Center for American Progress, daily detention costs range from $126 to $182 per person, while alternatives range from $0.70 to $17 per day Family detention is bad for children. How will your EO ensure children are kept safe when DHS facilities do not meet basic child welfare standards?  … What steps are you taking NOW to ensure that every migrant child cruelly ripped away from their parents is reunited with them? Here are some questions I have for the Administration about the executive order (eo) and their current policy The fight for justice for migrant children ripped away from their parents is not over There are no excuses. Every child that was cruelly separated from their parents, from months-old babies to young teenagers, must be reunited with their families. The Administration has an obligation to ensure that children whose health has been adversely impacted by this policy receive appropriate medical services. Congress must demand that the Administration take steps to reunite every child that has been separated from their parents. This hellish policy was a choice and there must be a full measure of accountability for those officials who ordered it, defended it and carried it out. The Admin, aided by the complicity of extreme congressional Republicans, made a proactive decision to enact a policy that harmed children, told falsehoods about the origin & scope of the policy & for days held the fate of these kids hostage in order to extract policy concessions. These medical experts have said that the long-term impacts of this barbaric treatment could be lifelong health problems, such as heart disease and substance abuse disorders. Nearly 2,000 children have been subjected to what the American Academy of Pediatrics has called, ‘toxic stress’ and ‘amounts to child abuse.’ Family detention is far from the only or best solution for the majority of families at the border. In addition, for thousands of children, the damage is already done. It is long overdue for President Trump to amend the most egregious element of his cruel and inhumane policy of ripping migrant children from their parents. But substituting a lesser form of cruelty for a greater form is still cruelty. We, as a country, are failing these kids. "Taxpayers have paid more than $1.5 billion to private companies operating shelters accused of serious lapses in care, including neglect and abuse." … "You could be creating thousands of immigrant orphans in the U.S.," said ex-Acting Director John Sandweg. … I joined 12 colleagues led by @senorrinhatch calling on the Administration to stop separating children from their parents until Congress develops a legislative fix.pic.twitter.com/KyvuESdyk4 My statement on the separation of children from their parents at the border:pic.twitter.com/eUnaRQG31i .@realDonaldTrump if you do not object to this policy on moral grounds, how about on financial grounds? … What I’ve seen in #Tornillo is a manifestation of a failed policy. This policy can and should be changed today.pic.twitter.com/kzB5xpH1dv “I still haven’t been able to talk to him,” Orantes told The Associated Press in Spanish as she wept through a telephone interview Monday from the prison. “The most difficult is not seeing him.” … “The boy, Abel Alexander, is in custody at a children’s home across the country in upstate New York. She has no idea when she might see him again.” … “Toddlers are being detained.” There is no moral justification for this policy. … .@realDonaldTrump Hubert Humphrey said “the moral test of govt is how it treats those in the dawn of life..those in the twilight..and those in need.” with your child separation policy we are failing. … “Now, what once was seen as an option too toxic and extreme has fractured more than 2,500 migrant families in the past two months, feeding public outrage while testing Americans’ willingness to accept a government policy that inflicts child trauma.” … Imagine the trauma and pain inflicted on this 5-year-old over the last 6 weeks as he wakes up daily hoping to see his mother. … It’s time for the @SenateMajLdr to do something instead of just saying something. Put Senator Feinstein’s bill to keep families together on the floor for a vote, today. … We must never lose hope in our ability to overcome the evils of our times. … I received this today from a young constituent in Erie. Annabel, there is no moral answer for these actions.pic.twitter.com/pfdPrnSIgv "These claims are false. Immigrant families are being separated primarily because the Trump administration in April began to prosecute as many border-crossing offenses as possible." … U.S. policy could result in permanent separation of migrant children from their parents. There’s nothing that could possibly justify this inhumanity. … “The effect is catastrophic,” said Charles Nelson, a pediatrics professor at Harvard Medical School. “There’s so much research on this that if people paid attention at all to the science, they would never do this.” … “In time, the stress can start killing off neurons and — especially in young children — wreaking dramatic and long-term damage, both psychologically and to the physical structure of the brain.” … “Their heart rate goes up. Their body releases a flood of stress hormones such as cortisol and adrenaline. Those stress hormones can start killing off dendrites — the little branches in brain cells that transmit messages.” … Separating migrant children from their parents is a policy straight from the pit of hell. … A bipartisan group of 75 former U.S. attorneys slammed the Trump administration policy of separating children from parents who take them illegally across the border  Infest? We’re not talking about insects, these are children! These are human beings. You are talking about kids who are scared, alone and being held in cages. You have the power to stop it, do it. … More @SenBobCasey on Trump admin policy of separating migrant kids/parents: "Separation is not necessary to protect the border. Anyone that tells you that is lying." .@SenBobCasey - "We have a standard that’s been in place for years: the best interests of the child. That means the best interests of any child in any circumstance" @SenBobCasey to reporters: Policy of separating undocumented children from their families is "straight from the pit of hell." Every day this disgraceful policy remains is an insult to our nation. @realDonaldTrump should stop it and if he won’t, Congress should make him. @SenateMajLdr- call for a vote on the @SenFeinstein bill. “Some youngsters retreat entirely, their eyes empty, bodies limp, their isolation a wall of defiance. Others cannot sit still: watchful, hyperactive, ever uncertain.” … If the Administration insists on a policy that inflicts such harm on children, then is there not one member of the @SenateGOP who will join @SenFeinstein’s legislation to force them to stop it?  Listen to Dr. Julie Linton of the American Academy of Pediatrics on how migrant children are impacted when they are ripped away from their parents. … How many more children have to go through this before @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan use the power only they have to bring legislation to the floor to end this? … Listen to the crying. This is what @realDonaldTrump’s cruel policy is doing to vulnerable children. The trauma and pain will last a lifetime. … "Children are being subjected to trauma that could affect them for years, there is sometimes physical consequences to separating parents from their young children, and the medical rights of the children being detained may also have been violated." "When they are separated from their parents, kids’ stress hormones start working overtime. They are constantly on red alert. Over time, Kraft said, that “causes disruption in the way the neural synapses connect with each other, in their brain architecture.” The Administration’s cruel policy of family separation will traumatize these children. … “No protocols have been put in place for keeping track of parents and children concurrently, for keeping parents and children in contact with each other while they are separated, or for eventually reuniting them.” Cruel doesn’t begin to cover it. … His bravery in speaking out about this disease will no doubt comfort those suffering and their families while pushing forward progress on finding a cure for Parkinson’s. .@GovEdRendell is one of the strongest men I know and will surely take on this battle as he has all of the others in life and for the people of Pennsylvania— with his toughness and resilience. Terese and I are sending our thoughts and encouragement to him and his family. … “She had to show others in her cell how to change the girl’s diaper.” Justice cannot abide the continued violation of these children’s human rights. … Yesterday @SecNielsen said the policy didn’t exist and today she defends it. She is an active participant in this cruel, inhumane policy. When her nomination came before the Senate, I voted no. … .@realDonaldTrump and @SecNielsen are not telling you the truth. There is no law requiring the Administration to rip migrant children away from their parents; it is a morally abhorrent policy choice they make every day. 30,000 migrant children separated from their parents by August due to this Admin’s policy? At what point do Senate Republicans use the power only they have to pass Sen Feainstein’s law to force the Administration to stop this? … Michelle Brane, director of migrant rights at the Women’s Refugee Commission, speaking of a four year old girl at a detention facility in Texas   “She was so traumatized that she wasn’t talking,” Brane said. “She was just curled up in a little ball.” … UPDATE: 48 senators now support the Keep Families Together Act. We're making progress, but we still need Republicans to join. If you're represented by a Republican senator, tell them to support S.3036. #KeepFamiliesTogether The Admin can stop this inhumane treatment of children right now. @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan can use the power only they have to bring legislation I’m supporting to the floor to force the end of this practice as early as tomorrow. It’s time to act … What will it be on Father’s Day @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan: more cruel, inhumane treatment of migrant children or a policy that respects our values? The Administration could stop it today or @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan could use their power to schedule a vote on the legislation I am cosponsoring w/ Sen Feinstein to force them to Even as we celebrate Father’s Day, vulnerable migrant children are being ripped away from their parents by this Administration’s cruel, inhumane policy Wishing all the dads out there a happy, healthy and relaxing Father’s Day! This inhumanity is a deliberate policy choice by the Administration. They could stop it today, or @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan could bring to the floor legislation I’ve cosponsored to end it. No excuses. … It’s long past time for congressional Republicans to finally put country over party. They control both the House and the Senate, and they need to stand up and condemn this talk. Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has produced 20-plus indictments or guilty pleas. If the Administration has nothing to hide, then they should allow this investigation to finish without interference. Any effort to further interfere with Special Counsel Mueller’s independent investigation by issuing pardons would amount to gross abuse of power and place our nation in uncharted waters. This ongoing effort to undermine the rule of law is an insult to our nation. … To all those celebrating Eid al-Fitr and the end of Ramadan, I wish you peace and prosperity in the coming year. Eid Mubarak! Some women crash into the maternal wall long before they hit the glass ceiling. Here’s our investigation into pregnancy discrimination. It will make you mad. With my favorite: @Nataliekitro … Some of the biggest companies in America systematically sideline pregnant women, cut their pay, and fire them when they complain.   With the great @jbsgreenberg: … Exhibit A in why we must pass the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. … The Trump admin’s latest move against Obamacare could jeopardize legal protections on pre-existing conditions for millions of people with employer coverage, particularly workers in small businesses. … “Resolved, that the Flag of the thirteen United States shall be thirteen stripes, alternate red and white; that the Union be thirteen stars, white on a blue field, representing a new constellation.”  Adopted by the 2nd Continental Congress on June 14, 1777. #FlagDaypic.twitter.com/Owomwppw5x LIVE on #Periscope: Today I’m introducing @RuralForward’s new healthcare report with @SenBobCasey and @protectourca… … To those in the path of this storm in NEPA, please heed the warnings and follow the directions of local officials. Stay safe. “We haven’t asked everyone to agree with us 100% of the time. All we’ve asked for is to have a debate, a sustained debate, on a series of measure and cast a vote.” Sen. Casey says those biographies still inspire him to take action, and that’s what we must do. .@SenBobCasey reads a piece from Daniel Barden’s biography. “His fearless pursuit of happiness and life.” “Ultimately I said, no I can’t think that any longer. I have to vote. I have to take actions.” “I said to myself, “Are you really telling those who will follow your votes that there’s nothing the USA, the most powerful country, can do?” “After watching all that unfolded that weekend, the horrific tragedy, I was asking myself the question “how are you gonna vote.” “The tragedy at Newtown changed my life as a public official. I was transfixed by the news that terrible weekend. Throughout the weekend my wife and daughters were asking me fundamental questions, about votes on gun measures, the first in a long time.” 2018 Promise Champion @SenBobCasey: “Despite the horror, and paralyzing grief that so many families endured in December 2012, these families came together and began to build a movement.” With the House passage of the Supporting Grandparents Raising Children Act, this vital legislation is another step closer to becoming law! @SenBobCasey & I introduced this bill to help ensure that grandparents who have taken on a caretaker role have access to resources they need. I have cosponsored legislation to end the practice of separating migrant children from their parents. Only @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr McConnell can bring it up for a vote. Will they allow this staggering inhumanity to continue? Is there a line that’s too far? … $2,000+ is too much for Pennslyvania families to pay for #summercare. Thank you @SenBobCasey for supporting a key solution to this crisis, #ChildCare4All … There are not enough summer learning programs to meet the needs of kids & families. We need increased investment in after-school and summer learning programs!   #SummerCare #InvestInKidspic.twitter.com/Fmme5r9ssT Kids across Pennsylvania are celebrating the start of summer, but too many parents are struggling to find affordable #SummerCare. … .@SenBobCasey has joined 12 of his colleagues in issuing a letter calling on federal agencies to release a health study being suppressed by Trump administration officials. Thank you for speaking out, Senator Casey! … +1 … UPDATE: 38 senators now support our legislation to prevent children being taken from their parents at the border. We’re building momentum to end this horrific practice. Please ask your senators to support us! BREAKING: #SenateAg committee passes the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 on a strong bipartisan vote 20-1. #FarmBill18 .@SenBobCasey: “These issues are bipartisan and we have to keep it that way.” #EGPAF30 .@SenBobCasey: We have to do better on all fronts. We must work to prevent mother to child transmission of HIV and provide adaquete treatment to children. #EGPAF30pic.twitter.com/ZKkkxQVZt3 Our Pennsylvania members know how to make the case for the @UN! Huge thanks to @SenBobCasey’s Office for discussing why U.S. leadership at the United Nations is imperative for our country’s prosperity. #USAforUNpic.twitter.com/6rVgbtMQWE The inhumanity of the Trump Administration’s asylum policy is staggering. They continue to separate children from their families, and now they're targeting victims of domestic violence. This change will put the lives of particularly vulnerable people at risk. … Mayor @billpeduto joins @SenBobCasey to discuss the importance of supporting our first responders at @PghPublicSafety Firehouse 17. Specifically, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, Fallen Hero Scholarship Act, & Tax Fairness for Workers.pic.twitter.com/1Oq9fXthWa – bei 17 Engine and Truck Thanks to @SenBobCasey for his leadership on legislation that will provide vital help to our brave first responders and their families, as well as tax fairness for our workers. I was proud to join @billpeduto at @PghFFLocal1 Firehouse 17 to lend our support.pic.twitter.com/EFQL2X7GkI Despite overwhelming public opposition, @realDonaldTrump's and @AjitPaiFCC's #NetNeutrality  repeal starts today.  Last month, the Senate passed a bipartisan CRA to prevent this action, but the House has yet to act. I urge @SpeakerRyan to call for a vote. Sitting down with local farmers in Kutztown to hear about their priorities, concerns and what they’d like to see in the next Farm bill.pic.twitter.com/DziOYgRN0y – bei Kutztown Grange Hall What’s next? Destroying Medicaid? Forcing women to pay more for coverage than men? President Trump and the congressional GOP only fight for the wealthy and the powerful. I will fight like hell to protect Pennsylvania families and all Americans. They want to use the courts to enact the rest of their health care scheme—starting by allowing people to be denied coverage due to a pre-existing condition and charging older Americans more for their health care. It is now abundantly clear that in passing a massive tax giveaway to the wealthy, Republicans also believe they signed into law permission for insurance companies to once again come after basic protections for the middle class. This suit is an outrageous assault by the Administration and congressional Republicans on older Americans, people with disabilities and the 52 million adults with pre-existing conditions. … We also discussed my support for the AFG Program, legislation that would work to establish specialized national cancer registry for firefighters and my pending legislation that would restore and improve the deduction for union dues, which was suspended in the GOP tax bill. Last month, my Children of Fallen Heroes Act was signed into law, which establishes scholarships for children of first responders who lost their lives in the line of duty.pic.twitter.com/PMykG45nUI I’m grateful for the opportunity to hear from the brave men and women of the Chester FD and discuss my work on behalf of first responders.pic.twitter.com/T8FKDHMFKv Each day, thousands of Pennsylvanians willingly put their lives on the line to keep us safe. From firefighters to police officers and other first responders, they are there when we need it most.pic.twitter.com/cya6re8nRu The Trump Administration and Congressional Republicans are coming after protections for those with pre-existing conditions through a lawsuit. I’ll fight them every step of the way. … This legislation would help displaced survivors of major disasters, like hurricanes Harvey, Maria, and Irma, to gain access to affordable long-term stable housing while they emotionally, financially and physically recover. – bei Dirksen Senate Building After hearing first-hand accounts of how hard the transition has been for them and their families, I’m even more determined to pass the Housing Victims of Major Disasters Act.pic.twitter.com/fgEM7XN1V0 – bei Dirksen Senate Building This morning I met with approximately 100 Americans from Puerto Rico who moved to Pennsylvania after their homes were devastated by Hurricane Maria.pic.twitter.com/Nq6xNG05hi – bei Dirksen Senate Building "a day has not gone by when the boy has failed to ask in Spanish, “When will I see my papa?”' … The #EqualPayAct was passed 55 years ago, but the pay gap still exists. Gender or race should never impact your paycheck. This discrimination hurts women, working families and our economy. That’s why we need to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct to ensure equal pay, no matter what. The Trump admin’s decision to separate children from parents at the border is cruel, unnecessary & goes against our American values. Our government has a humanitarian duty to the children & families seeking asylum in the U.S. to end this policy immediately. #KeepFamiliesTogether Today, I led 39 of our Democratic colleagues in demanding @realDonaldTrump and his admin stop further traumatizing children and end their new inhumane policy of separating innocent children from families who cross the Southwest border seeking asylum. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/c3H4ZSeJLW The @PhilaPort saw the largest increase in year-over-year imports among the top American ports. Glad to see our support for infrastructure projects, like dredging the Delaware, are paying off and supporting quality jobs across southeast PA. … This ZTE agreement is a terrible deal that undermines U.S. national security and puts jobs in China ahead of our national interests. … Thank you @SenatorLeahy. The Administration is choosing to implement an inhuman policy that separates migrant children from their parents. It must end now! … 50 years ago, this country lost a champion for the voiceless and a fierce advocate for those less fortunate. As a native of NEPA, I'm reminded of the moving tribute then-AG Robert Kennedy delivered in Scranton shortly after his brother's passing.   Creating a “school safety” commission that won’t address gun violence isn’t an effort to have a meaningful discussion. It’s political theater and an insult to those who’ve lost loved ones in school shootings like Columbine, Sandy Hook, Parkland and Santa Fe. … Mr. Porter has spent his career advocating an ideology that puts special interests, big corporations and those at the top ahead of Pennsylvania families. I urge my colleagues to reject this nomination. As a Senator representing more than 12 million Pennsylvanians, I refuse to be a rubber stamp for the extreme right. Instead of working in a bipartisan fashion to put mainstream individuals on the bench, this Administration and the Senate Majority Leader are demanding that the Senate confirm judicial nominees who advocate a hard-right ideology to appease their corporate donors. I have worked in good faith to move forward mainstream nominees whose judicial philosophy I disagreed with, including this Administration’s nominee for a Third Circuit seat in Philadelphia. My bipartisan work to recommend highly qualified individuals to the federal bench, both Republicans and Democrats, including five individuals nominated to the District Court in Pennsylvania by this Administration, is second to none. He has also praised a ruling that sought to overturn portions of the Violence Against Women Act. Our courts must be guardians of civil rights, of our values and of basic protections for workers. His published works reveal an ideology that will serve only the wealthy and powerful as opposed to protecting the rights of all Americans. Mr. Porter has argued against the Constitution’s Commerce Clause, which has guaranteed civil rights protections to millions of Americans. David Porter has no judicial experience so one of the only ways to assess his fitness for the second highest court in the nation, the U.S. Court of Appeals, is through his writings. This is David Porter, Trump's 3rd Circuit nominee. He's receiving a hearing today over @SenBobCasey's objections.  @ChuckGrassley has jettisoned Senate traditions in order to steamroll Trump’s extreme nominees through the confirmation process. It's unacceptable. #ProtectOurCourtspic.twitter.com/Tf40y19ToR pic.twitter.com/Df0dUmCee4 The @NAACP oppose the nomination of Mr. Porter.pic.twitter.com/gKTZzBX3rz The @civilrightsorg oppose the nomination of Mr. Porter.pic.twitter.com/D8dAn3bb4M The @NCJW oppose the nomination of Mr. Porter.pic.twitter.com/nBJ0n47HC0 The @Peoplefor the American Away oppose the nomination of Mr. Porter.pic.twitter.com/ArYzlbLGLB The @LCVoters opposes Mr. Porter's nomination.pic.twitter.com/gMCRfeQGqo Pittsburgh attorney David Porter is about to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee. He's been nominated to 3rd Circuit. Watch his testimony here:  … & read about controversy over his nomination here … Spoke with @SenBobCasey about his opposition to David Porter's nomination. Hearing just got underway. Casey didn't return his blue slip, and he explained why he feels his grievance carries more weight  People are gathered outside the @senjudiciary in blue shirts to object to today's hearing on David Porter, which @ChuckGrassley is holding over the objections of @SenBobCasey and tens of thousands of Pennsylvanians. #ProtectOurCourts #PuntPorterpic.twitter.com/zxc8oo1KCH I refused to submit this blue slip because Mr. Porter has demonstrated a far-right ideology that will serve only the wealthy and powerful as opposed to protecting the rights of all Americans.pic.twitter.com/UwKVRBvbsO The Senate blue slip process for judicial nominees dates back to 1917. Today, the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee are breaking with that tradition by advancing the nominee of Mr. Porter. The Administration’s initial action against ZTE was appropriate, and I urge them to stay the course. If this report is true, the Trump Administration is rewarding China on ZTE. This agreement puts Chinese jobs first and undermines our national security. … Republicans in Washington should end their maniacal obsession with undermining our health care system and work in a bipartisan way to bring down costs for families. Then, instead of working in a bipartisan way to bring down costs for families, congressional Republicans tried to pass a scheme that would institute an age tax and decimate funding for seniors in nursing homes and individuals with disabilities. Hours after being sworn into office, President Trump issued executive orders that undermined our health care system. Advocates for patients like the @American_Heart Association and @AmericanCancer Society have called out this sabotage, yet the Administration and congressional Republicans have continued to pursue these destructive policies. This is a direct result of the ongoing attempts by congressional Republicans and this Administration to sabotage our health care system from day one. While these rates represent a smaller increase than previous years, premiums are still too high for too many Pennsylvania families. … I’m proud of what the @Eagles accomplished this year. I’m skipping this political stunt at the White House and just invited the Eagles to Congress. @Eagles How about a tour of the Capitol? … Students in Philadelphia and throughout the nation need Congress to step up and fund efforts to address this public health threat. Children and their families have a basic right to expect their schools to be safe from public health threats. I call on @SenateMajLdr and the Appropriations Committee to include significant funding to address the challenges of mold, asbestos and lead in our schools. I commend @RepBrady, @CongBoyle and @RepDwightEvans for pushing for action and highlighting the need to protect children in schools. I have long advocated for increases funding to mitigate the issues of mold, asbestos and lead paint in our schools. … No one is above the law, including the President of the United States. I’ll leave the legal arguments to the constitutional scholars, but the idea that any public official could pardon themselves is contrary to our nation’s most basic values. … The Special Counsel investigation has secured guilty pleas or indicted 19 individuals and three companies. Three former Trump aides have already pled guilty. … The Special Counsel investigation has secured guilty pleas or indicted 19 individuals and three companies. Three former Trump aides have already plead guilty.  … Special Counsel Mueller has spent a lifetime serving our nation, including on the battlefield. To compare his team of brave law enforcement officers to Nazi stormtroopers is an insult to our nation. … .@SenBobCasey on how issues like trade with China and steel and aluminum tariffs will affect Pennsylvania. … @SenateMajLdr Allow us to openly debate these measures and call for votes. It’s long past time we act to protect our kids from gun violence. #WearOrange Wearing orange today in support of those who have lost a loved one to gun violence. I urge the @SenateMajLdr to bring commonsense gun reforms, like universal background checks, to the Senate floor. #WearOrangepic.twitter.com/QkvVgIfQ2i “There still needs to be a major, national, substantial infrastructure bill, and I’m hoping the administration will be more active and more determined to try to get Republicans and Democrats on the same page,” U.S. Sen Bob Casey said. … A packed house at the John P. Murtha Breakfast. #SFCJohnstownpic.twitter.com/qUWygQIOkw .@SenBobCasey introducing @SenJackReed during @ShowcaseforComm in #JohnstownPA.pic.twitter.com/8oAwYl0qtl Proud to help cut the ribbon on another Showcase for Commerce here in Johnstown!pic.twitter.com/A2KuPc6m3q These executive orders are just the latest in a series of efforts by the Trump Administration to undermine our nation’s labor unions. Unions built the middle class in this country, and I will continue to fight for them. …  Photos from @GovernorTomWolf, @SenBobCasey, and local leaders celebrating the recent arrival of the first two super post-Panamax cranes at @PhilaPort yesterday.  pic.twitter.com/7UTcFccfWd Visiting the Philadelphia Wholesale Produce Market to meet with workers and see firsthand how infrastructure investments like the Delaware Deepening project support jobs across our economy. My thanks to Teamsters Local 929 President, Rocky Bryan, for showing me around.pic.twitter.com/ofL7ZxV3qn – bei Philadelphia Wholesale Produce Market Proud to be at @PhilaPort with @SenBobCasey today to celebrate the arrival of the first two of five super post-Panamax cranes. These massive structures will help the port continue its record-breaking expansion and serve as a symbol of PA's booming economic climate.pic.twitter.com/hoRAQ6ZqPh I have been a proud partner in this effort and have worked to secure $271 million in federal funding for the deepening project. I look forward to @PhilaPort’s continued growth in the years ahead.pic.twitter.com/riAKCR5XNn – bei Packer Marine Terminal For years it was a distant goal, but because of the dedication of this community, it is becoming a reality.pic.twitter.com/1nS6zbDUPW – bei Packer Marine Terminal Deepening the Delaware is one of the most substantial job creation opportunities that Southeastern Pennsylvania has had in decades.pic.twitter.com/xdCSYQLVzh – bei Packer Marine Terminal @SenBobCasey Introduces Bill to Help Farmers’ Conservation Efforts, Assist #PA’s Clean Water Goals   #CREP Today, @GovernorTomWolf and @SenBobCasey joined officials in celebration of the recent arrival of the first two super post-Panamax cranes at @PhilaPort, marking another major milestone for PA’s infrastructure and economy.  As we gather today with friends and family, we must never forget those for which this day honors- the brave men and women of our Armed Forces who gave “last full measure of devotion” to their country. There should be a full congressional review of this report and accountability for any individual who mistreated migrant children. … This basic disregard for the human rights of these families is an insult to the values of our nation. @realDonaldTrump, @DHSgov End this policy now. This cruel policy is also being implemented incompetently. Nearly 1,500 of these vulnerable children, who were separated from their parents at the border, are unaccounted for. … Since the policy was revealed, I have repeatedly called on the Administration to end the inhumane practice of separating migrant children from their parents. The situation with North Korea presents significant challenges for our national security. I hope President Trump will approach these challenges in a thoughtful way and lay out a robust diplomatic strategy that keeps America safe. This is a disappointing development, but my hope is that there can be a way  for our two countries to continue dialogue and work towards the possibility of rescheduling this summit. … Changes to Civil Rights Probes Under Betsy DeVos Alarm Democrats  Democrats write @BetsyDeVosED many letters. Here's a new one: It's sharing their alarm about changes to how her department conducts civil rights probes. It was written by @SenBobCasey @CoryBooker @SenSanders @SenGillibrand among others.  … via @educationweekpic.twitter.com/mV2NR9mi4H I’m proud to stand beside you as a strong union ally, and I will never stop fighting to make sure your rights, retirements and futures are protected.pic.twitter.com/mQnweAXLuK – bei Russell Senate Building I want to thank @SenatorBurr, @SenBobCasey, @PattyMurray and all of their staff members for their hard work to ensure we are prepared for and able to respond to the next public health emergency. It is important to reauthorize this legislation before it expires in September. My hope is we can approve the bill today so the whole Senate can quickly consider it. .@SenatorBurr, who authored the original legislation in 2006 and led the first reauthorization effort in 2013, along with @SenBobCasey, have again worked hard on this bipartisan reauthorization. .@SenAlexander: The Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act authorizes programs that protect Americans from 21st century threats, including natural disasters, bioterror attacks, or infectious disease outbreaks, like a pandemic flu or Ebola. @SenBobCasey addressing the @steelworkers rally! #USWWorks #USWRR18pic.twitter.com/bJWrIgZNge @SenBobCasey tells hundreds of @Steelworkers that unions built the middle class! #USWRR18 #USWworkspic.twitter.com/4eckAQ2yog EPA boots reporters from summit on toxic chemicals  (2/2) We introduced a bipartisan resolution designating the month of May as Older Americans Month — and the Senate unanimously passed it last night. Read our resolution here:  … (1/2) As the leaders of the @SenateAging Committee, @SenBobCasey & I are always looking for ways to highlight the success of older Americans & the important role they play in our society. This is outrageous. The people have a right to know what’s contaminating their water and what EPA Administrator Pruitt plans to do about it. … “There is nothing to suggest the tax law is lifting investment in any substantive way, at least so far," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics.” … The GOP tax scam: a massive giveaway to big corporations and their wealthy shareholders. … The decision in Epic Systems v. Lewis underscores the importance of limiting forced arbitration in employment contracts. Congress needs to step up and pass S. 2591, the Arbitration Fairness Act, to give all workers fair access to our justice system. … My new @wired cover story, tracing the untold story of Bob Mueller’s time in combat in Vietnam, is out today. Some thoughts and highlights follow: … Robert Mueller has served his country with honor throughout his life. Add this article on his service in Vietnam to your weekend reads. … This Administration and Congressional Republicans have repeatedly worked to sabotage our health care system, which has resulted in higher premiums and less coverage for Pennsylvania families. Congress should examine legislative action to stop these proposed regulations. These proposed regulations will make it harder for millions of women to receive basic health care which is why I strongly oppose them. Substantial cuts to funding for Planned Parenthood will limit access to contraception, HIV services, testing and other vital care. … We stand with the students and their families in Texas impacted by this shooting. We must also stand up for them by taking real & meaningful actions to reduce gun violence & reform our gun laws. I urge the @SenateMajLdr to bring these measures to the Senate floor & let us vote. While I commend her decades of service to our nation, I could not support her confirmation. National security experts have been clear that interrogation techniques that amount to torture are not legal, effective or consistent with the values of our Nation. After giving careful consideration to her record, her statements during the confirmation process and reviewing classified materials about her conduct at the CIA, I voted against her nomination to be the agency’s next Director. Gina Haspel oversaw interrogation techniques that amount to torture and participated in the destruction of the evidence of these acts. The GOP tax law is allowing big corporations to funnel massive amounts of money to ultra-wealthy shareholders. This deficit busting scam endangers Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and education funding. … BREAKING: The Senate just voted to restore #NetNeutrality! We won.   To all of those who kept fighting and didn’t get discouraged: you did this. You raised your voices and we heard you. Thank you.   Now the fight continues. On to the House! This is it! The #NetNeutralty vote!  … We had the votes to pass the Motion to Proceed. We might have the votes for final passage. Keep it up! #SaveTheInternet! This is it. RT if you want to help us save #NetNeutrality.pic.twitter.com/8pOfT4ZFzK The motion to proceed to S.J.Res.52, net neutrality, was agreed to by a vote of 52-47. The final vote will take place around 3:00pm. That means we have less than two hours left to convince one more Senator to help us #SaveTheInternet. The White House should stop blocking the release of this health study. People in Bucks and Montgomery Counties, as well as areas across the country, deserve to know the health risks their families have been exposed to. … Wishing Pennsylvanians observing Ramadan a peaceful and blessed holy month. I have signed this letter as well. @realDonaldTrump should be fighting for PA jobs and wages- not putting China first. … I am proud that the Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act was signed into law in March. I introduced this bill to help children of fallen law enforcement officers and first responders afford college by making them eligible for the maximum Pell Grant. We in Congress must continue to champion policies to keep officers safe, while also providing support for the families of the fallen. During Police Week, as we remember the men and women who have lost their lives in the line of duty, my thoughts are with their families and loved ones who have sacrificed alongside them. #PoliceWeek Trump should also endorse my bill with @SenSanders & @SenBobCasey “The Affordable and Safe Prescription Drug Importation Act” that would also lower costs by allowing safe importation of drugs from abroad. A pleasure to join @SenBobCasey today along with @RepWheatley, @ProvConnections’ Samantha Ellwood, and @ywcapgh’s Magdeline Jensen to talk about the importance of supporting access to quality child care and the continued funding of the Children’s Health Insurance Program.pic.twitter.com/4feZ24bgg8 @SenBobCasey vows to fight efforts to take back funding from Childrens Health Insurance Program. Meets with child care providers on North Side. More @KDKARadiopic.twitter.com/uIrJ5s9ROi We discussed my efforts to combat the lack of investment in our Commonwealth’s children and to hear more about the ongoing burdens facing middle class working families.pic.twitter.com/WocQ5ujwqN Joined by County Executive Rich Fitzgerald and State Representative Jake Wheatley, I convened a roundtable with local families, health care advocates and child care professionals in Pittsburgh.pic.twitter.com/NrRnkbnEyH With Mother’s Day approaching, the Trump Administration still has not fulfilled its promises on child care and has proposed new rescissions to CHIP.pic.twitter.com/omMgaV3tYA Families across Pennsylvania struggle with the cost of health care and child care, forcing many parents to choose between going to work and paying for their children’s care.pic.twitter.com/w916S3Pzfh U.S. Sen. Bob Casey is here in Pittsburgh today for a roundtable on childcare amid "cuts" to CHIP.pic.twitter.com/IfHbR08edP “You have such a tremendous impact on children’s lives, and we should affirm that, value that more than we do as a society.” - Sen. Bob Casey addressing PSEA members at the House of Delegatespic.twitter.com/8kOSfurbL7 The bill would assist farmers and ranchers by reimbursing them for the costs to produce, harvest, pack, process, store or transport to foodbanks food that is safe for consumption but does not have access to a retail market or supply chain. Just introduced the Farm to Food Bank Act. This legislation is designed to establish food recovery networks in each state to incentivize farmers to donate their product directly to food banks to be distributed to those in need. … @PSATS is now meeting with @SenBobCasey to discuss township issues. #NATaTFlyIn18pic.twitter.com/k28nUxqGGR New -- @SenBobCasey report: Opioid crisis cost Pennsylvania $53 billion in 2016 … “This epidemic knows no bounds,” U.S. Sen. Bob Casey, D-Scranton, said in a statement Monday. “As the opioid crisis continues to grow in its intensity and its harm, too many Pennsylvanians are suffering and dying.” … We have 50, we need just #oneMoreVote to pass the Senate resolution to save #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/U83SGnRXL1 Today we’re filing a petition to force a vote to save #NetNeutrality We need just one more vote, are your senators on this list?pic.twitter.com/keHftsWtoy STARTING SOON: We're forcing a vote to save #netneutrality. The countdown clock starts now.   Watch:  pic.twitter.com/4lRcllpXka By taking a step that violates the JCPOA, President Trump has taken a drastic step that will increase the possibility of Iran resuming its pursuit of a nuclear weapon and make it much more difficult to reach a diplomatic agreement to constrain North Korea’s nuclear program. Pursuant to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, the Administration is required to report to Congress if there is a breach of the deal. That has not yet happened. I have also worked to ensure full verification and enforcement of the Iran nuclear agreement and strongly counter their non-nuclear destabilizing actions. I supported the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) because it was the best available option to substantially constrain Iran’s nuclear ambitions and to improve oversight of their technology. In the Senate, I led efforts to sanction and hold the Iranian regime accountable for its pursuit of a nuclear weapons capability, its development of ballistic missiles and its support for terrorist proxies. In testimony before Congress in April 2018, Secretary Mattis specifically referred to the intrusive nature of our ability to examine Iran’s nuclear capabilities. On October 3, 2017, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis spoke about the agreement and said, “I believe, at this point in time, absent indications to the contrary, it is something the President should consider staying with." This Administration’s national security leadership has repeatedly confirmed this. U.S. military officials, past and present, have said that Iran is complying with the nuclear agreement and that it is in the best national security interest of our nation to keep it in place. I strongly disagree with the President’s decision to end U.S. participation in an agreement that constrains Iran’s nuclear program and helps prevent the regime from obtaining a nuclear weapons capability. Thanks to @SenateAging, @SenatorCollins and @SenBobCasey for addressing rising insulin costs and ensuring #PWD have access to affordable lifesaving medicationspic.twitter.com/gSBEqUzDkM Today, @GovernorTomWolf and @SenBobCasey spoke out against the @WhiteHouse plan to cut billions of dollars from #CHIP.  This is absolutely unacceptable. I will continue to fight for CHIP funding, and I hope Republicans will join me. This proposal is a shameful betrayal of children. This Administration and congressional Republicans passed a massive tax giveaway to their donors and big corporations, and now they want vulnerable children to pay for it. … We’re investigating allegations of ‘redlining’ in Philadelphia neighborhoods. Thanks to @SenatorHughes for his leadership on this disturbing matter.  If you’ve been a victim of mortgage discrimination we want to hear from you. Contact: discrimination@attorneygeneral.gov.pic.twitter.com/vLomGYEJh0 To all the firefighters who risk their lives to keep us safe -- THANK YOU!pic.twitter.com/bKauPOULDu #ICYMI: @SenBobCasey pushes for affordable child care  Yesterday staff met with @SenBobCasey @RepDwightEvans and more to discuss #FarmBill18pic.twitter.com/DrsUP3Kw2p They represent America's future and the racists who attacked them don't. I urge @realDonaldTrump to send a powerful message and use his platform to denounce the attacks on these bright young minds. Mikayla Sharrieff, India Skinner and Bria Snell are an inspiration to our nation. We, as a country, should draw inspiration from and celebrate these self described “Hidden figures in the making.” … Today, @RepDwightEvans and I convened a listening session to discuss ways we can achieve these goals.pic.twitter.com/9NUwnMeLmZ I want to work closely with farmers, advocates, and stakeholders to insure that this bill benefits not only Pennsylvania’s farmers, but also continues to support those who participate in critical nutrition assistance programs, such as SNAP. Through my role on the Senate Agriculture Committee, I will continue to be involved in the crafting of the next Farm Bill. Check out my new piece with @SenBobCasey on @Forbes on why a policy of inclusion makes for a better business and a stronger team. cc: @SAP @GiongoMike … Tax reform could have transformed the lives of working families and children. Instead, the GOP tax law is allowing big corporations to funnel obscene amounts of money to wealthy shareholders. … Workforce Inclusion Is A Strength For Any Company via @forbes … Could not have said it better myself... … An estimated 2.6 million Americans are now raising their children’s children due to the opioid crisis.  @SenBobCasey is hoping the Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act will help these "Grandfamilies"  pic.twitter.com/lRgTciF1fg From the Scranton @timestribune Editorial Board: … I am saddened to hear that more than 20 people, including several journalists, were killed in Kabul bombings early this morning. Just days before #WorldPressFreedomDay, this is another tragic example of journalists who are imprisoned or killed covering war and exposing corruption Perhaps most importantly, she has shown the Senate how important it is to have staff members who have developmental and intellectual disabilities. She's helped reshape the culture of the Senate. I am proud to have had her on staff and look forward to more fellows like her. And she helped organize a first of its kind Pennsylvania Disability Employment Summit with over 250 participants. She called attention to the need for accessible supports and services for students and employees with disabilities on college campuses who have been sexually assaulted, which resulted in a bill (S. 2530) I introduced in the Senate.pic.twitter.com/0jKp4570yn Liz helped me hold the administration accountable for disability stakeholder input into key programs. This week, Liz Weintraub completes her fellowship with my office. She has helped lead the way on disability policy in a number of significant ways.pic.twitter.com/x4vwU3PMcG Go 'Cats! … This is supposed to be a government by the people, for the people. Not a government of the thieves and the money changers. Mick Mulvaney is a disgrace. … ...not someone with a record of divisiveness and a tendency to support policies that make us less safe. For those reasons, I will oppose his nomination. While I appreciate Director Pompeo’s willingness to serve and plan to work with him to protect U.S. interests if he is confirmed, I simply believe that the threats facing our Nation today need a Secretary of State with greater diplomatic experience... Most military and intelligence experts agree that torture is ineffective and makes us less safe. Director Pompeo has refused to rule out torture as an intelligence gathering mechanism, saying that he would consider whether extreme practices outside the Army Field Manual need to be revisited. We need a Secretary of State who will represent all Americans to the international community. Director Pompeo supports policies that I believe will make our Nation less safe and his record on issues like torture and the Iran nuclear agreement, as well as his prior statements regarding American Muslims are troubling. After careful consideration, I have decided to vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. I look forward to working in a bipartisan way with my colleagues throughout Congress to ensure that the Opioid Crisis Response Act is passed and signed into law. Whether working to prevent illicit fentanyl trafficking, helping opioid-dependent mothers and infants or assisting in the implementation of plans of safe care, these bills will do a great deal to strengthen our defenses as we continue to fight the opioid epidemic. I’m pleased to see these important measures be included in the Opioid Crisis Response Act, which received a favorable vote by my colleagues on the Senate HELP Committee. … In today’s @GOPHELP hearing at 10:00 a.m., we have a markup scheduled on bipartisan legislation intro’d by @SenBobCasey and me that would overhaul the way over-the-counter medications are regulated and brought to market. More:  … .@SenBobCasey and state @SenatorHughes write to Jeff Sessions asking for a DOJ investigation.   So far, nothing from the Republicans. … Special Trump tax provision gives $17 billion break to millionaires, gov't report finds … I offered an amendment that would have ensured these companies increase worker wages at the same rate they increase payouts to their executives and stockholders. Not one Republican supported it. On the same day Wells Fargo is ordered to pay $1Billion in fines for mortgage and auto lending abuses, the @AP reports that the top six banks were rewarded with $3.6 billion in tax savings last quarter from the GOP Tax Scam. … One year since @SenBobCasey’s leadership allowed ABLE accounts nationwide, he joins @JoeTorsella and local leaders at @MarywoodU to celebrate PA ABLE, one of the fastest growing programs in the ABLE Alliance. #staypumpedpic.twitter.com/KM0KDvnMAw Congratulations to the @AmRevMuseum on a successful first year! I highly recommend you visit the next time you’re in Philly!  This an important step forward for the Senate. It's also one way to demonstrate this nation’s commitment to working families and policies that allow children to get off to a strong, smart start to their lives. Congratulations to @SenDuckworth on the new addition to her family and a welcome visitor to the Senate floor! … .@SenateMajLdr: "I am proud to once again join with my colleague, @SenBobCasey, to unveil this legislation which seeks to address prenatal opioid exposure and help the increasing number of vulnerable infants born dependent on opioids.” #opioidcrisis … The Protecting Moms and Infants Act (PMIA) builds upon the @SenateMajLdr @SenBobCasey 2015 bill, the Protecting Our Infants Act (POIA), which was the first federal law to address prenatal opioid exposure. #OpioidEpidemic #OpiodCrisis   … .@SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell & @SenBobCasey introduce bipartisan bill to help  opioid-addicted mothers, babies: The Protecting Moms and Infants Act  pic.twitter.com/hE5acDHYgX The Protecting Moms and Infants Act authorizes increased funding for a competitive federal grant to help organizations address this particular part of the #opioidcrisis, and continues our years-long efforts to protect the most vulnerable. Today, I’ll introduce the Protecting Moms and Infants Act, which directs the Secretary of @HHSGov to report on the implementation of the strategies developed in the Protecting Our Infants Act in order to help fight the #opioidcrisis that is plaguing our nation. .@SenStabenow brought @SenBobCasey beer from @foundersbrewing @newhollandbrew @BellsBrewery to make good on their NCAA basketball bet on #Villanova vs Michiganpic.twitter.com/ELwKXwdMRT .@SenBobCasey decides if he wants to share the beer he won from @NovaMBB's NCAA win from @SenStabenowpic.twitter.com/lBTrKqrxTb “While we’ve seen some progress in the fight to protect our children from the opioid epidemic, there’s still much more to be done,” Bob Casey, D-Scranton, said in a prepared statement.  …pic.twitter.com/2CNTBnU5q8 From its outset, Israel has faced a myriad of challenges, which it has navigated successfully and against all odds. Israel continues to remain America’s strongest ally in the Middle East, as well as a central pillar of our strategy to achieve peace and stability in the region. I want to extend my warmest congratulations to the State of Israel on its 70th anniversary. Since its independence in 1948, Israel’s promotion of democratic values has helped forge a thriving society and represents freedom in a region where that value is all too scarce. Always fun to have a visit from @militaryofficer leader and Westmoreland County Commissioner Chuck Anderson. Thank you for everything you do for our military and their families!pic.twitter.com/L5sDd2BajU “When someone wants to work & has the drive & commitment to work, we should affirm their dignity by giving them the opportunity to work.” — @SenBobCasey  Senator Casey led the Disability Employment Summit in Harrisburg, PA to discuss real employment for people with disabilities.pic.twitter.com/klbpyqqFsq "Some states have taken efforts to improve guardianship but it's clear much more work has to be done." @SenBobCasey "Finding answers to these questions is the least we can do for our loved ones." @ErieNewsNow @WENYTV A PA woman shares her concerns about the care of our seniors by their guardians with PA @SenBobCasey at a hearing on Capitol Hill Wednesday. @ErieNewsNow @WENYTVpic.twitter.com/fCqpb1QANT – bei Dirksen Senate Building Saddened to hear of the passing of the former First Lady. My thoughts are with President Bush and the entire Bush family.  What we saw last week is that discrimination and bias, both explicit and implicit, continue to pervade our society.  All of us, including businesses, community leaders, public officials, must work to root out discrimination in all its forms. It is my hope that their outlined measures to strengthen staff training regarding implicit bias and in re-affirming its position against discrimination and racial profiling will prevent another such incident from happening. During the call, Mr. Johnson outlined steps that are being taken to address what occurred. The steps he outlined were positive ones and I will be watching closely to ensure there is follow through. Over the weekend, my office was in touch with officials from Starbucks to underscore the troubling nature of this matter. This afternoon I spoke with Starbucks CEO, Kevin Johnson, to express my significant concerns about the treatment of two black men at a shop in Rittenhouse Square last Thursday. $250 billion in corporate stock buybacks that overwhelmingly benefit wealthy shareholders and CEOs - not workers. #GOPTaxScampic.twitter.com/WFPJKRpBLR Though the Republican tax bill was sold to the public as a “middle-class miracle,” the benefits have flowed mainly to corporations and the wealthy.  … #TaxDay Tax cut riches have gone to execs and investors over workers by nearly 3-to-1 margin … The #IWantToWork campaign had the pleasure of attending @SenBobCasey’s Disability Employment Summit yesterday. It was incredible to see so many agencies, businesses and advocates come together in support of #employment for individuals with #disabilities.pic.twitter.com/8SptsgT4sP During the keynote discussion between @SenBobCasey and @SAP, President @JenniferBMorgan they discussed the importance of creating an inclusive #workplace and fostering the competitive integrated #employment for individuals with #disabilities. #IWantToWork … "We have to fight really hard to make sure people don't undermine laws like ADA." - @SenBobCasey #InclusionRevolution #ADA #DisabilityRights #Neurodiversity #Jobspic.twitter.com/kzDFx8RzaX “We should affirm their dignity by giving them a chance.” - @SenBobCasey #EmploymentFirstpic.twitter.com/YMX3JZ1t7a Looking forward to @SenBobCasey’s Disability Employment Summit. #EmploymentFirst @MerakeyOrgpic.twitter.com/4btb1kzhCU I’m very concerned about what happened in this situation. My office has been in touch with Starbucks to get an explanation. All customers have a right to be treated equally and with respect. … The 2001 and 2002 AUMFs, which authorized military action in Afghanistan and Iraq, are outdated and must be replaced. Beyond the immediate situation in Syria, it’s time for a sustained debate and vote on a new AUMF that allows our nation to destroy terrorists and fight threats to U.S. national security, but doesn’t result in endless war. The Administration should seek an authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) by Congress if it wants to continue to military actions against Syrian forces - the same way President Obama sought authorization in 2013 in a similar circumstance involving Syria. Continued violence in Syria creates a safe haven for terrorists and emboldens our adversaries, Iran and Russia. Sporadic missile strikes and saber rattling on Twitter by President Trump is not a strategy. The Administration should work towards a political solution that meets the legitimate expectations of the Syrian people and leads to a constitution, elections, rule of law and functioning government ministries. There is no purely military solution to the Syrian conflict. What’s needed is a diplomatic plan to bring an end to this crisis and hold the Syrian government, the Russians and the Iranians fully accountable for their conduct. Despite being in office for fifteen months, the Administration has not taken steps to outline a comprehensive strategy for Syria. Further, the Administration has failed to request an authorization from Congress for further military action against Assad’s regime. In April of 2017, when the Trump Administration first carried out strikes against Syrian forces in response to the use of chemical weapons, I said that additional action required an authorization from Congress While Bashar al-Assad must be held accountable for his unlawful use of chemical weapons against civilians, the strikes that are being carried out are being done without an authorization from Congress, which is unacceptable The GOP tax scam.... … On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we honor survivors & pray for those who were killed. We must always fight antisemitism & bigotry in all its forms. Andrew Wheeler will continue Scott Pruitt’s efforts to undermine clean air, clean water and efforts to combat climate change. I voted against his nomination for @EPA While I’m glad we’re making progress on assisting our fellow citizens in rebuilding Puerto Rico, this step from the Trump Administration is not nearly enough. … I recently sent a letter to the Attorney General urging DOJ to investigate modern-day redlining as we must recommit ourselves to the promise of the Fair Housing Act. #FHAct50pic.twitter.com/SGoDRzJOt8 50 years ago, the Fair Housing Act made it unlawful to discriminate in housing-related lending, renting and selling activities. Despite this, many people still face such discrimination when looking to buy or rent a home. #FHAct50 … In light of @realDonaldTrump's continued attacks on Mr. Mueller, this bears repeating... … Equal pay isn't a women's issue; it's an American issue. I urge my colleagues to join me in passing the #PaycheckFairnessAct! #EqualPayDaypic.twitter.com/t1tmjYk4Iy Thank you to @SenBobCasey and staff Sara Maskornick for meeting with pediatricians from @AmerAcadPeds about ways to #EndGunViolencepic.twitter.com/YMf0yMZ79b “They want to eliminate SNAP. And they would do it tomorrow if they could. We won’t let them get away with that, but they will still try and dismantle it slowly.” #HandsOff @SenBobCaseypic.twitter.com/wXsuFuWtvP “A great nation takes care of its people.” - @SenBobCasey #investinkids #valueourkids “Sabotaging the rights of #PwD to live in the community.” - @SenBobCasey talking about attacks on #Medicaid & how new #workrequirements are dangerous. #handsoff @CLASP_DC @CenterOnBudgetpic.twitter.com/3T9Rrb40Ve “When ppl say ‘medicaid is unaffordable’ they mean ‘wealthy ppl shouldn’t be asked to pay their fair share” -@SenBobCasey blasts #goptaxscam .@SenBobCasey: "Republicans say Medicaid is 'unsustainable,' which I think is Latin for 'rich people shouldn't have to pay for the future of Medicaid.'" Having Medicaid makes it possible to search for, find, & stay at work @SenBobCasey #handsoff #workrequirements don’t workpic.twitter.com/7RN1HPT80e “Disability community was instrumental in saving #aca & #medicaid. We owe them not just debt of gratitude but our solidarity” -@SenBobCasey .@SenBobCasey gives well-deserved shoutout to disability activists for their central role in saving Medicaid last year. #handsoff .@SenBobCasey: I wish we could say we’re all done. But the attacks on Medicaid continue — particularly in the states. When Trump fails to sabotage our healthcare legislatively, he does it via other means. #handsoff .@SenBobCasey talks about persistent and pernicious efforts by Trump admin to sabotage our healthcare system. #handsoff Medicaidpic.twitter.com/FxorjKrShA .@SenBobCasey opens by thanking advocates for saving Medicaid amid last year’s unrelenting attacks. #handsoff Special Counsel Mueller has spent his life in service of our nation. He fought bravely and honorably in Vietnam and then served again as a prosecutor and FBI Director. President Trump’s continued attempts to obstruct this investigation must stop. What’s really a disgrace: @realDonaldTrump‘s attacks on Special Counsel Mueller and efforts to undermine the rule of law. … Senator Casey is pushing the House to pass the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act. … Congressional Republicans and this Administration have sabotaged our health care system and now middle class families will be forced to pay for it in the form of higher premiums. … Senator Bob Casey is hosting a roundtable to call on the House to pass his Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act. It would provide a one-stop-shop for information and resources to support the ‘Grandfamilies.’pic.twitter.com/Q9oD7ypKZC Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons in eastern Ghouta is a war crime. The international community must come together to condemn this act and take direct action to hold Assad and Russia fully accountable for targeting civilians with chemical weapons. … Wishing Pennsylvania's own, @CheyneyUniv the best of luck as they compete in the @HCASC national championships tournament this weekend! #HCASC PA @SenBobCasey told Snyder-Girotti Elementary/Middle School students about the importance of computer science skills and participated in an interactive coding exercise this morning. Story:  Saddened to hear of the passing of my former colleague. From his time in the Army to his Chairmanship of Indian Affairs, he served his country and his state with honor and distinction. My thoughts are with his family, friends, and the people of Hawaii. … Thrilled to welcome @SenBobCasey to @PMInstitute’s global headquarters in Newtown Square, PA today!pic.twitter.com/MEUtb7zRV7 I commend Cassidy for bravely speaking out against bullying in her school, and I encourage others to do the same. Bullying is a problem we all must face and solve together. … My deepest condolences to the family, friends, and fellow Marines of Capt. Samuel Schultz, a hero of Huntingdon Valley who tragically lost his life in a helicopter accident earlier this week. … While @realDonaldTrump travels to West Virginia to sell the #GOPTaxScam, the results are clear: corporate executives & wealthy shareholders are feasting on the #GOPTaxScam, and middle-class workers are left behind: … Scott Pruitt needs to cut the shady swamp dealings and act now to protect our children from methane emissions or step aside. Pleased to see Pennsylvania among the states taking this action. … In addition to working day and night to weaken environmental protections, Scott Pruitt is also deep in the Washington swamp. … Sen. Bob Casey is warning that Medicare and Medicaid are being targeted in Washington, D.C.  … #NewsOR ‘We have to take action.’ — @SenBobCasey explains how he changed his tune on gun reform and went from an A NRA rating to an Fpic.twitter.com/wBVoo3ZQ46 "The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice." - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. #MLK50Forward … .@SenBobCasey & @CongressmanGT cut ribbon on new Lockheed Martin facility in Cambria County.pic.twitter.com/uOhEcBWPEb Proud to be in Johnstown for the grand opening of @LockheedMartin’s @thef35 facility. This room is full of people who go to work every day with a mission: to ensure our military has the highest quality aircraft to deter and defeat any adversary.pic.twitter.com/f7mLr9p6ne Good to see, at my urging, that @POTUS has appointed new citizen members to the President’s Committee for People with Intellectual Disabilities. Now it is time for the PCPID to meet! Congratulations to Stephanie Huback of Lancaster, PA on her appointment to the President’s Committee for People with Intellectual Disabilities. .@SenBobCasey: “Part of the answer to any candidate — and for me, who's been there — is to look in the mirror." @deberdley_trib … Also, @SenStabenow I found this and thought I would pass it along in preparation for tonight’s game. … Accepted. I will wager some of PA’s finest beverages & graciously receive the Michigan craft beer when @NovaMBB wins. … From my family to yours, Happy Easter and Passover to all those celebrating! Alright Nova, let’s do this! #LetsMarchNova … @SenBobCasey Thank you for your support! We couldn’t do it without you, #NovaNation. Now, #LetsMarchNova.pic.twitter.com/rrcbu7jO6s Good luck to @NovaMBB and the @VillanovaU faithful as they take on Kansas tonight in the #FinalFour! #LetsMarchNova! This is a win for @Wills_Eye, for the patients they help, for Pennsylvania and for the Nation. I look forward to witnessing Wills Eye’s success for many years to come. They have deserved this designation from the beginning and I am appreciative of CMS’s work to create this opportunity. For 185 years, @Wills_Eye has provided world-class services to the people of Pennsylvania and to the world. I am pleased that they will now be able to continue their great work with the full support of CMS under their new hospital designation. … Flags flown over the U.S. Capitol presented to the Flanscha and Anthony families bu US Sen. Casey and US Rep. Scott Perry. @pennlive Sen. Casey: Their daily work as firefighters here in York was a prayer; their daily life was a fulfillment of the firefighters prayer. @pennlive Sen. Bob Casey Jr.: We gather to grieve and mourn, but also to express gratitude...Few of us know what the families are experiencing. He quotes Beatitudes: Blessd are they who mourn, for they will be comforted. @pennlive U.S. Senator Bob Casey is giving remarks at the memorial service for Ivan Flanscha and Zachary Anthony.pic.twitter.com/rtgtCojOKC Governor Tom Wolf and U.S. Senator Bob Casey are scheduled to speak at the memorial service for the two fallen York City firefighters this afternoon. … If you support efforts like this, you have to make sure your voices are heard. Call, tweet, and post about the #HomegrownOrganicAct and urge your friends to do the same. … This bill gives farmers additional tools to help them make the transition to organic, which is costly and time-consuming. For instance, this legislation allows organic producers to access up to $450k in EQIP funds, up from the current $80k. … Right now, we’re importing significant amounts of organic grains that should be grown here in the U.S. The #HomegrownOrganicAct is legislation that aims to increase domestic organic production by helping farmers make the transition from conventional methods to organic. … Welcome to the #homegrownorganicact Twitter chat featuring our panelists: @RepAnnieKuster @SenBobCasey @Stonyfield @seasnax @AmysKitchen Are you ready to learn about this bill? RT! Gov. Wolf, Sen. Casey to speak at memorial for firefighters  …pic.twitter.com/QhK5LgQjTC Gov. Wolf, Sen. Casey to speak at memorial for firefighters … At 3pm EST today we are hosting a #TwitterParty with @RepAnnieKuster @SenBobCasey @Stonyfield @seasnax @AmysKitchen #HomegrownOrganicAct of 2017 would modify existing voluntary ag conservation programs to better assist producers who want to switch to organic. Today, @GovernorTomWolf and @SenBobCasey celebrate the recent arrival of the first two 32-story high, super post-Panamax cranes at @PhilaPort, which will help PA compete globally and spur economic growth.   TOMORROW #TwitterParty 3/27 3 pm EST! #HomegrownOrganicAct The Homegrown Organic Act of 2017 (H.R. 3637 and S. 2215) would modify existing voluntary agricultural conservation programs to better assist producers who want to switch to organic. Learn more:  pic.twitter.com/RnEBJ9hiVZ A few scenes from the #MarchForOurLives in Allentown.pic.twitter.com/zdi0CuUGnJ My thanks to all those who marched across Pennsylvania, our nation, and the world. We cannot surrender to gun violence. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/G68sKAX9SJ "Because of your generation...we're going to win this fight." -@SenBobCasey at #MarchforOurLivesPhiladelphia Bob Casey at #MarchForOurLives "There are some saying 'Let's not pass any laws, let's surrender to this problem.' That's not the America I know." @WHYYNews Check out my episode "Senator Bob Casey on Talks March for Our Lives" from WURD Radio on @anchor: … Today #IWillMarch in Philadelphia in support of the #MarchForOurLives students demanding an end to gun violence.pic.twitter.com/yOkq5QJbH6 This is part of a pattern from @realDonaldTrump. He attacks our law enforcement and now he’s attacking our servicemembers. We should honor those who serve our nation, not attack them daily. .@realDonaldTrump’s discrimination against those who serve our nation is unacceptable. He’s attacking the very people who are willing to lay their life on the line to keep us safe. … I urge my colleagues to support mine reclamation efforts in the future. The RECLAIM Act would expedite much needed funding to address these issues and bring economic development opportunities to these communities. 44 of PA’s 67 counties are affected by abandoned mine land issues. 13 mine fires are currently burning in PA. We have the most abandoned mine land and streams in the country. Disappointed that the RECLAIM Act wasn’t included in the omnibus. In PA, we have over 180,000 acres of abandoned mine land in need of reclamation and 5,500 miles of streams affected by acid mine drainage. Today, Congress passed a bill that will expand access to high-quality child care and early learning for kids in Pennsylvania and across the country. @CLASP_DC estimates that 10,131 more kids will have access to high-quality child care in PA. #ChildCare4All #ChildCareNow I introduced pediatric workforce legislation w/ @SenBobCasey to help ensure our healthcare facilities are receiving the support necessary to deliver quality care for kids - aids @childrensatl & more:  … Pittsburgh's own! … .@AARP Praises Senate Passage of the Bipartisan Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act - Thank you to @SenatorCollins and @SenBobCasey … Congress should pass Bob Casey's bill protecting call center jobs | Opinion  .@realDonaldTrump created this problem with his executive authority, and he can fix it with executive authority. Stop holding the DREAMers hostage, Mr. Priesident. … Over many years he has shown a troubling predisposition to seek to resolve national security challenges through military conflict, instead of using all of our diplomatic tools first. I have serious concerns about the selection of John Bolton as National Security Adviser based upon his record. Saddened to hear of the passing of Ivan Flanscha and Zachary Anthony, two heroes who lost their lives battling a fire in York. My prayers are with them, their families, friends, and fellow firefighters. … I'm pleased that the Senate unanimously passed bipartisan legislation I co-authored w/ @SenBobCasey, which would help ensure that grandparents who have taken on this caretaker role have access to the resources they need. Click the link to read more:  … (2/2) Throughout history, grandparents have stepped in to provide safe & secure homes to their grandchildren, replacing traumatic pasts with hopeful futures. With so many parents struggling with addiction in the opioid crisis, grandparents are increasingly coming to the rescue. (1/2) Thank you @SenBobCasey for your leadership on CHGME and advocacy on behalf of the nation's children  pic.twitter.com/PWAfzIqKhe Headed to the floor to talk about commonsense solutions to gun violence. Watch live at   It is critical that the Administration work closely with our allies to tackle these core issues, like global steel overcapacity and intellectual property theft, in a way that holds countries that cheat on trade, like China, accountable. Trade remedies, like the ones announced today, are but one element of a strategy. I would also urge them to adopt a more comprehensive strategy - one that gets at the root causes of trade issues. China’s cheating on trade has fleeced our businesses, cost Pennsylvania workers their jobs, stagnated their wages and harmed our communities. I commend the Administration for taking this step. … Yesterday, @SenBobCasey & @amyklobuchar welcomed real-life Rosies to the @uscapitol to celebrate their contributions during WWII on #RosieTheRiveterDay. #WomensHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/4ezfxUayWt On National #RosieTheRiveterDay, @SenBobCasey honored Mae Krier, of PA, for her part to aid the manufacturing workforce during WWII. Mae helped build B-17 and B-29 bombers, which helped the US win WWII.pic.twitter.com/J9IRm10VcZ A big scam from beginning to end. … In particular, my legislation would make children of these fallen heroes eligible for the maximum Pell Grant award authorized by law, currently $5,920 per year for a full-time student. The omnibus legislation includes several provisions related to my Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act (S. 597), which increases federal Pell Grants available for the children of fallen first responders and public safety officers. While there is still much more to be done to address these issues, the Senate bill is a significant step forward in several regards. I call on my colleagues in the House of Representatives to pass this legislation without delay.pic.twitter.com/5cM5uej7ga I’m pleased to announce a number of crucial funding provisions that will help states address the ongoing opioid crisis, provide education assistance to the children of our nation’s fallen heroes and prevent sexual assault on airplanes. … He was a loyal friend to me, my father and so many other elected officials from across the state. We always looked forward to his annual picnic  that remains a great gathering of community leaders from Johnstown and across the state. This is a loss for the city of Johnstown, Cambria county and southwestern Pennsylvania. Ed was a fierce advocate for the people of Johnstown and Cambria county who dedicated a lot of his time, even as a successful business man, to the community. … Today we celebrate the incredible contributions people with Down Syndrome bring to communities across this Commonwealth. The #PAABLE program, made possible through @SenBobCasey’s leadership, can provide these individuals opportunities for more financial independence. #WDSD18pic.twitter.com/nIQ8wryDlK Proud to cosponsor the Safe Schools Improvement Act with @TimKaine & @SenBobCasey to help schools make sure every child can learn free from fear of bullying and harassment. … Roadways will not be free of snow while precipitation is falling. Roads that look wet may be icy. Extra caution is needed when approaching bridges and highway ramps. Leave 6 car lengths of space when following plow or salt trucks. #WinterStormToby  Please stay safe and off the roads if you can. … Proud to recognize @AUCDNews as a leader in the disability field- raising awareness about state and federal collaboration to advance great disability policies. #AUCD4ALL Congratulations @AUCDNews on  your 3rd #AUCD4ALL gala celebrating leadership in state policy supporting people with disabilities and for supporting great Pennsylvania  programs like @IODTempleU, the IDDRC @ChildrensPhila, and @lendpgh Today, I voted to advance debate on S. J. Res. 54, a debate that, like the broader AUMF questions, is sorely needed and overdue. Until then, a plain reading of the War Powers Resolution shows that the U.S. is engaged in activities that constitute “hostilities.” If the Administration wants the authority to continue refueling and other support operations with the Saudis, it should work with Congress to craft a tailored authorization, and then we should debate and vote on it. For too long, Congress has failed to debate and vote on authorizations for the use of military force (AUMF). The framers wanted a robust debate between the Executive and Legislative Branches about the grave questions of war and peace, with the final authority to declare war resting with the Congress. Productive meeting this morning with the CEO of @DICKS Sporting Goods, Ed Stack. Glad to have him as a partner in the fight against gun violence.pic.twitter.com/zKWZWmQLut @SenBobCasey (PA)- Speaking at National AG Day- The Global Food Security Act "Is a matter of basic justice”  #AGDay #FoodforLife @agday #FarmJournalFoundation #FarmersFeedingpic.twitter.com/3wuNbNMylP Senator Bob Casey speaking about reauthorizing the Global Food Security Act this year #EndHungerpic.twitter.com/9Ry1hZDVJW An American president does not lead the Free World by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections. And by doing so with Vladimir Putin, President Trump insulted every Russian citizen who was denied the right to vote in a free and fair election.  … .@realDonaldTrump continued policy of weakness towards Vladimir Putin endangers our nation’s security. Instead of congratulating Putin on depriving the Russian people of a free & fair election, @realDonaldTrump should have held him to account for the nerve agent attack in the UK, support for Assad in Syria, continued destabilization of Ukraine & Russia’s attack on our election. … Today marks six months since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico. @realDonaldTrump, his Administration, and this Congress must do more to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our fellow citizens.    … It’s National #AgDay! Today and every day we celebrate all corners of American agriculture: from our farmers and ranchers in the fields, to our ag scientists, food business leaders, and more.pic.twitter.com/qDL1xv2oLU Looking forward to continuing to work with @GovernorTomWolf on ensuring that all Pennsylvanians have broadband access, no matter where they live in the Commonwealth. … For PA to succeed, we must close the digital divide and ensure every citizen and business has the high-speed internet access they need to connect to the digital world in which we live and work. … There is no one in D.C. or all of America better prepared to do this job. With Mr. Mueller’s record as a war hero, a dedicated public servant and an expert in law enforcement, it is hard to imagine anyone better suited to lead the investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election. Though our political system has become more polarized, each time Mr. Mueller has been named or nominated for a new position, he has received unqualified praise from people across the political spectrum – and rightly so. His tenure at the FBI, which included leading the response to the 9/11 attacks and spearheading the Bureau’s efforts to combat cybercrime, has been widely praised. In fact, in 2011, as his ten-year term was set to end, we in the Senate voted 100-0 to extend his term until 2013. In 2001, Mr. Mueller was nominated by a second Republican President, George W. Bush, as the Director of the FBI. He was confirmed unanimously by the Senate. There he oversaw cases ranging from the prosecution of Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega to the Lockerbie bombing. After serving in U.S. Attorney’s offices in Boston and San Francisco for over a decade, he later served at the Department of Justice, leading the Criminal Division under President George H. W. Bush. Mr. Mueller not only fought courageously on the battlefield, but upon returning home and earning his law degree, he continued serving his country throughout his legal career. He sustained a bullet wound when he responded to an ambush by enemy forces on Marines in his command. He received the Navy Commendation Medal with a citation praising him for rushing to save his fellow Marines while “completely disregarding his own safety.” “Second Lieutenant Mueller fearlessly moved from one position to another, directing the accurate counterfire of his men and shouting words of encouragement to them…. [H]e then skillfully supervised the evacuation of casualties from the hazardous fire area.” He received the Bronze Star for “heroic achievement” after leading his fellow Marines through an eight-hour battle, where, under enemy fire... As a young man, Mr. Mueller served with distinction in the Vietnam War and was awarded a Bronze Star, 2 Navy Commendation Medals, the Purple Heart and the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry for his leadership and exemplary service. Special Counsel Mueller was appointed to investigate an attack on our nation by a foreign adversary. @realDonaldTrump’s refusal to support the investigation into this attack endangers our national security. … .@realDonaldTrump continues to obstruct Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation and attack law enforcement. Congress should respond by passing a measure to protect the independence of the Special Counsel. Special Counsel Mueller is conducting an independent investigation into Russia’s attack on our nation during the 2016 election. Any attempt to fire the special counsel would take us into uncharted water. The continued attacks on law enforcement by @realDonaldTrump and his lackeys must stop. … Sen. Bob Casey: 'I don't know why the president will not say a bad word - or even a critical word - about Vladimir Putin'  Lebanon County farmers discuss Ag issues with @SenBobCasey #PFB18pic.twitter.com/2lORMC1Lxz Lebanon County Farm Bureau hosting a listening session with Senator Bob Casey at Werner Acres in Jonestown  #PFB18 @SenBobCaseypic.twitter.com/Nuck0Y6fmS We lost seven brave souls last night, who, in the words of President Lincoln, gave the “last full measure of devotion” to their county. My heart goes out to their family, friends, and fellow servicemembers. … Join us on .@PennLive’s Facebook for our chat with .@SenBobCasey #papoliticspic.twitter.com/8lJh7Zre9q Pa.’s @SenBobCasey is visiting our offices to talk to our editorial board. Check out the discussion live on our Facebook page.pic.twitter.com/HYvrk4eGHG Striking photos from yesterday’s student activism. We cannot fail these kids. … Bryce Jhourydn Thompson, 15, freshman at Mastery Charter School-Shoemaker in West Philly. #VoicesBehindtheWalkout “If I was in the parent’s shoes, I would want my child to come back home safe, happy and excited to learn. ... I shouldn’t have to bury my child.”pic.twitter.com/IGJe4rN8VM #WURDNews: Students in Philadelphia Area Walk Out of Schools as Part of National Protest of Gun Violence (NBC 10...  More than a dozen schools in western Pennsylvania held #NationalWalkoutDay demonstrations. @sarahschni talked to kids at Allderdice HS who took part. … #Scranton High School students form a symbolic shield in their hallways as they observe a 17 minute moment of silence in honor of those killed Feb. 14 in the #ParklandSchoolShooting @SSD_Scranton #nationalwalkoutdaypic.twitter.com/4Qxek7ZqV6 Erie-area students walk out, 'speak out'  pic.twitter.com/ezV7D52TwI We demand change. @SenBobCasey @SenToomey @KeithRothfus @realDonaldTrump @VP @SenVulakovichpic.twitter.com/nA95atRNsU Students at Conestoga Valley walked out today and said #enough in honor of the 17 victims at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Lawmakers, what are you doing? @LancasterOnline @WGAL @abc27Newspic.twitter.com/Cz863vfdNy Students across #Erie County spoke their minds in public as they participated in #NationalSchoolWalkout; exception was @PrepVilla. Students at #Erie High gathered in the snow. On the scene: @ETNHanrahan. @ETNgrabski, @ETNhahn, @ETNmillette, @ETNmyers:  . We cannot surrender to this problem. #Enough … Here's your Pennsylvania fact of the day- the first album to be certified Gold belonged to a native of Canonsburg! … I stand in solidarity with the U.K. following this Russian attack. @realDonaldTrump should too by clearly and unequivocally condemning these despicable Russian tactics. … 45 years ago today...pic.twitter.com/jXhCFY9pK2 CC @realDonaldTrump. Armed teachers in our schools are not the answer. … The first step to changing the world is believing that you can. #walkoutandwalkup Congratulations to Governor Thornburgh for receiving the AAPD’s leadership award. Proud to present the award to my fellow Pennsylvanian  #AAPDGala ‘We have to take action.’ — @SenBobCasey explains how he changed his tune on gun reform and went from an A NRA rating to an Fpic.twitter.com/UvNg8QT7ht President Trump’s reckless approach is making our nation less safe. Unfortunately, today’s hurried announcements are consistent with that approach. Deputy Director Gina Haspel’s nomination to be CIA Director also raises significant concerns in light of reports about her participation and oversight of programs involving the torture of detainees. Torture is not only morally wrong; it is a terrorist recruiting tool. Instead of speaking out forcefully about Russia’s attack on our nation during the 2016 election, he’s parroted President Trump’s political agenda of obstruction and deception. I have concerns, for example, regarding his past support of interrogation policies that amount to torture. He’s been the most partisan and political CIA Director in recent memory. It’s critical to our national security that the Administration operates in a way that demonstrates competence and stability. Also, Director Mike Pompeo’s nomination to be Secretary of State raises several serious questions. While I opposed Secretary Tillerson’s nomination and had significant concerns about his leadership of the State Department, I find the chaotic nature of today’s announcement troubling. It appears lapdog Rs on the House Intel committee are following their master's command to sit, stay and bark "no collusion." Russia attacked our nation & House Rs refusal to conduct a real, independent investigation is shameful. … 28 yrs ago today, disability advocates left their wheelchairs and climbed the inaccessible steps of the Capitol to fight for the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act. I’ll continue to protect the #ADA and the civil rights it promises. #CapitolCrawlpic.twitter.com/kk5D0kT3co We need a debate now, not weak policy papers from this Administration. Congress should have a sustained debate and series of votes on gun violence and pass measures to put in place universal background checks, ban military-style assault weapons, limit large-capacity magazines, and ban those on the Terror Watchlist from possessing a firearm. They should do that now. Majority Leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan are the congressional leaders with the power to bring legislation to reform our gun laws to the floor. Washington special interests are using their influence with this Administration and Congressional Republicans to block commonsense action on gun violence. It has to stop. When it comes to keeping our families safe, it’s clear that President Trump and Congressional Republicans are all talk and no action. The Administration’s plan is weak on security and an insult to the victims of gun violence … We've made strides in combating #CampusSexualAssault, but a recent report by @NatCounDis found that the needs of students w disabilities are not addressed under existing policies. Proud to intro a bill w @SenBobCasey & @senatorhassan to address this gap ↓ … Congratulations and good luck to @stephJallen6 and @tcski2014, two Pennsylvanians that will represent the United States in Pyeongchang for the 2018 Paralympic Winter Games! … Congratulations to @Hersheys on the groundbreaking of their Hazleton Plant Expansion which will bring more than 100 new skilled manufacturing jobs to NEPA. When the playing field is level, Pennsylvania workers can out-compete any workers in the world. It’s vital to hold countries that cheat on trade accountable in order to protect Pennsylvanians’ jobs and a good standard of living. We must go after China and other trade cheaters, with our allies, the only way they’ll understand –head on. Workers across Pennsylvania know what unfair trade has brought —job losses and stagnant wages. Specifically, the Administration should consider additional action on downstream products, like transformer cores, without which foreign producers could undermine domestic production of electrical steel and put Pennsylvania jobs at risk. When foreign countries cheat on trade, Pennsylvania workers lose their jobs. I commend the Administration for taking action. I also urge the Administration to use the next 15 days, until these trade remedies take effect, to improve and refine this order. .@SenatorBaldwin @CoryBooker @SenBillNelson headline a letter to the Senate appropriations committee asking for additional money for school-based mental health services and counseling:  … Thank you for standing up for #LGBT elders, @SenBobCasey, and for recognizing the unique challenges we face as we age. It's more important than ever as the Trump administration attempts to take away our hard-won rights. Read the PA senator's op-ed:   Today we recognize the countless achievements of women around the world. Let today also serve as a reminder that the fight for equality continues and we all must #PressForProgress.  #InternationalWomensDay #IWD2018 Pleased to join @SenSherrodBrown & @SenBobCasey in asking @POTUS @realdonaldtrump to prioritize electrical #steel in any section 232 #trade remedy   My thanks to the students of Wellsboro Area High School! I commend you and young people like you across PA and throughout the nation who are speaking up about the issues you care about. You’re changing the nation with your voices. … 30 years ago this week @GallaudetU students successfully protested for the appointment of the first deaf president of their university. This is a good reminder of the power of students to change the world. #DPN30 #DeafPresidentNow30pic.twitter.com/z4PNJPknnQ .@CoryBooker & @SenBobCasey Introduce Bill Aimed at Corporate Short-termism & Stock Buybacks:  … Pa. county leaders discuss issues affecting county residents with @SenBobCasey in D.C. after @NACoTweets Legislative Conference.  pic.twitter.com/7he3wiDdXT Following this accident in Washington County; my thanks to the first responders. For those of you in the vicinity, please follow the directions of local officials. … The deadline @realDonaldTrump unilaterally set to end the DACA program has passed. Since then, he has thwarted repeated attempts by Congress to act. It is time to stop sabotaging commonsense solutions so we can #ProtectDreamers. .@JustinUdo asks @SenBobCasey about his thoughts on school safety following the #FloridaSchoolShootingpic.twitter.com/RMfsAdLmUs I am thinking of all those impacted by this winter storm. Please heed the directions of local officials and first responders. … Anxious students question Sen. Casey at Cheltenham town hall on guns  pic.twitter.com/mbM0sGIowk I urge @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr to heed the calls of these kids and allow debate of commonsense gun safety reforms.  … via @thephillyvoice New Tax Law Benefiting Shareholders More Than Workers So Far … “Flush with cash from President Donald Trump’s tax overhaul and bathing in more earnings than they know what to do with, U.S. companies are embarking on a buyback binge of historic dimension.” … Who knew a tax plan written by special interests, for special interests would lead to a massive windfall to corporations that didn’t need it? … Cheltenham students line up to ask Bob Casey questions on gun laws and gun violence.pic.twitter.com/PZKCPMBrv7 Packed Cheltenham high for town hall on gun violence with @SenBobCaseypic.twitter.com/9NEsmWBpt9 UPDATE: Watch @SenBobCasey town hall on #gunviolence in schools LIVE on PCN Select. Stream on the PCN Select app or at  . @SenBobCasey will hold a town hall on gun violence in schools LIVE on PCN Select. Watch the stream:  Courtesy of the @HouseGOP, @SenateGOPand @realDonaldTrump. They have repeatedly taken steps to undermine protections for those with pre-existing conditions and I have and will fight them every time they do. … It was never true, not for a second. We must defend and protect Medicaid. … Medicaid is one of our nation’s most essential tools in battling the opioid epidemic. Not too long ago some in @SenateGOP were trying to smear Medicaid as a part of the opioid crisis. The Administration and Congressional Rs thought they could decimate Medicaid by labeling it a “them” program. The American people weren’t fooled and know that Medicaid is an “us” program that benefits all Americans. … When the playing field is level, Pennsylvania workers will outcompete any in the world. When countries cheat on trade, Pennsylvania workers lose. I urge the Administration to follow through and to take aggressive measures to ensure our workers can compete on a level playing field. It has taken the Administration far too long, but today’s announcement of an intention to act next week is a welcome step. I have repeatedly called on this and previous Administrations to aggressively enforce our trade laws. For years, foreign countries have been dumping steel into our markets and costing our workers their jobs and suppressing their wages. I commend @realDonaldTrump for announcing his intent to take action to protect our steelworkers from countries, like China, that cheat on trade. The continued failure to act is unacceptable. The American people deserve a sustained debate on commonsense gun control. The Republicans who control the floor of the House & Senate are failing their most basic obligation. … S.Res. 418 by @SenBobCasey passed yesterday. A resolution expressing support for the designation of March 21, 2018 as “National Rosie the Riveter Day”.  …  This is another positive step forward. It’s time for Congress to do its part and act. … Tonight I'm joined on the floor by @SenatorDurbin, @SenBillNelson, @SenatorMenendez, @SenBooker and @SenatorHassan to call for action on gun violence.  … The big corporate buyback bonanza continues. The special interest donors are getting their payday from the GOP tax scam. After all, that was the point. … It’s more apparent than ever that @realDonaldTrump & Congressional Republicans main contribution to health care has been to jack up premiums, undermine basic protections and push junk insurance. … The Health Committee unanimously passed a bill I introduced w/ @SenBobCasey to ensure these grandfamilies have access to the resources they need. (2/2) Read:  … As a result of the opioid crisis, an increasing number of grandparents and other relatives are raising grandchildren because their parents can no longer care for them. (1/2) Our intelligence agencies have been clear that our nation was attacked by Russia during the 2016 election, yet @realDonaldTrump does nothing. His policy of weakness towards Putin is hurting our country. … Thank you for lending us your expertise; I'm looking forward to hearing your testimony. … Five months following a massive hurricane and our fellow Americans are being left behind, some still without power, by this Administration. There are no excuses for the Administration’s failures. … This is a very positive development, and I hope more companies will do the same. … Universal background checks are supported by the vast majority of Americans. If @SpeakerRyan truly believes our focus should be "making sure that citizens who shouldn't get guns in the first place, don't get those guns,” then he should put legislation on the floor today. Once again, the @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP are refusing to act to reform our gun laws. By failing to meet their basic obligation, they are making our nation less safe. … What's happening with the GOP tax cuts was predictable. CEO's are pushing corporate boards to do a record amount of stock buybacks to increase their stock price to help shareholders & INCREASE THE CEO'S COMPENSATION.   As usual, workers get short shrift. … But you can't let up now- we just need #OneMoreVote to pass the CRA, reinstate strong #NetNeutrality  rules, and protect a free and open internet.pic.twitter.com/T7YnB6RtQg Thanks to you, we now have enough cosponsors to force a vote on @SenMarkey's CRA to save #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/KB91qgRpVX As union membership has decreased because of attacks on working people, income inequality has risen in the U.S. … The Janus case at SCOTUS is another example of right wing efforts to attack working people. Unions provide a path to the middle class for working people by increasing their income and the economic security of their families. We'll highlight the Councilwoman’s lifetime of public service and continued work to inspire the next generation of leaders in a symposium and reception later today. In commemoration of Black History Month, I'm acknowledging former Philadelphia Councilwoman Marian Tasco in a speech on the floor.  … The GOP’s blind ideology against the Affordable Care Act, plus their deliberate sabotage efforts, plus skimpy policies of their own equals 9 million fewer Americans with health insurance in 2019. … 