Too many farmers in Florida are getting hurt by Mexican trade abuses. @marcorubio and I filed a bill today to help combat these unfair trade practices and protect Florida growers.  It was great to hear about Booker High School in Sarasota from Florida’s Principal of the Year, Rachel Shelley. We discussed ways to support schools and ensure that students are better prepared for the future.pic.twitter.com/FvQrG35oBY Los venezolanos siguen sufriendo a manos del régimen corrupto de Maduro. Insto a mis colegas a que aprueben nuestro proyecto de ley para brindar ayuda humanitaria y apoyar los esfuerzos del pueblo venezolano para restaurar la democracia de inmediato.  The Venezuelan people continue to suffer at the hands of the corrupt Maduro regime. I urge my colleagues to take up and pass our bill to provide humanitarian relief and support the Venezuelan people's efforts to restore democracy immediately. … Great meeting with the mayor and city manager of Ft. Myers today to discuss the steps we can take to mitigate red tide and improve the quality of low-income housing.pic.twitter.com/bWN6c2sX5a Honored to have received the Borinquen Medical Centers’ Outstanding Service Award. I’ll continue to be a voice for those affected by Hurricane Maria and continue to do everything I can to help them regain stability after the devastation caused by the storm.pic.twitter.com/2fVb9OHSIw In Orlando tonight with some of the families most impacted by Hurricane Maria. Their resilience and strength after the storm should inspire us all.pic.twitter.com/ygPXfNjSNG Most Americans who died as a result of Hurricane Maria were not killed by storm surge, rain or wind, but rather as a result of an inadequate response by the federal government. Today, I urged FEMA to pay the full cost of Puerto Rico’s post-hurricane emergency recovery efforts.pic.twitter.com/FK1L43shlv Hace un año, el huracán María tocó tierra en PR y las Islas Vírgenes, matando a casi 3,000 personas y cambiando vidas para siempre. La lucha para recuperarse de esta tormenta continúa. Seguiré haciendo todo lo posible para ayudar a reconstruir, tras la devastación de María. A year ago today, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico and USVI, killing nearly 3,000 and forever changing so many lives. The fight to fully recover from this storm is still far from over. I’ll continue to do all I can to help rebuild and recover from Maria's devastation. In Jacksonville this afternoon to meet with doctors and nurses at UF Health about the opioid crisis and how the sweeping bill we passed this week can help combat this terrible epidemic.pic.twitter.com/SCSrl0xm3z Esta es una catástrofe humanitaria, causada por esta administración. No podemos permitir que esto continúe. No dejaré de luchar hasta que estos niños vuelvan a estar con sus familias. … This is a humanitarian catastrophe caused by this administration. We can’t allow this to continue. I won’t stop fighting until these children are back with their families. … It was an honor to present special awards to two local heroes in DeLand this morning – a Congressional Badge of Bravery to Volusia County Sheriff’s Deputy Justin Ferrari and a Bronze Star and Purple Heart to MSgt. William Holder USAF, Ret.pic.twitter.com/47dwZaD5JF Renaming the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge after environmentalist Nat Reed would be a testament to his legacy of championing Florida's environment and the Everglades. I'm proud to introduce this bill with @marcorubio as a tribute to Reed's lifetime of conservation work.pic.twitter.com/FzLvFZ8nap This evening begins the holiday of Yom Kippur. I wish all those observing the High Holiday an easy fast and a year of peace ahead. .@SenateMajLdr - the House passed the water bill authorizing the EAA Reservoir days ago. I’m asking – again – for you to bring it to the floor for a vote as soon as possible. It needs to pass ASAP!pic.twitter.com/TP6iXJSHaA Getting this bill passed shows what we can do when we work together and put partisanship aside. The rapid increase in opioid overdoses shows why we need to do everything we can to address what has become a serious, national health crisis. … I’m still waiting for a meeting with Judge Kavanaugh I’ve requested four times. I have a number of questions for him. Meantime, I agree there should be an investigation of the new allegations against him. I believe the people involved should appear before the Judiciary committee. Red tide has cost businesses in Sanibel and Capitva more than $19 million in lost revenue this summer. They need relief ASAP. I sat down with local business leaders to talk about a bill I sponsored that will provide tax breaks for those impacted by this crisis.pic.twitter.com/eSrvlL4lQ7 Glad to see that the House has passed the water bill. @marcorubio and I have called on Senate leaders to bring it to the floor for a vote as soon as possible. The bill will authorize the EAA reservoir, which is critical to helping solve the algae crisis in Florida. The NSF announced today a $30 million award for researchers to study harmful algae blooms, including @FGCU. I've pushed for increased NSF funding for algae research and I’m glad to see it is being put to work to help fix this algae crisis.  … Los comentarios del presidente, sobre las casi 3,000 vidas estadounidenses perdidas en Puerto Rico, son vergonzosos. Merecemos y esperamos más de la persona que ocupa el cargo más alto de nuestro país. The president’s comments on the nearly 3,000 American lives lost in Puerto Rico are shameful. We deserve and expect more from someone who holds the highest office in our country. Menos de un año después de una temporada de huracanes severa, la administración de Trump desvió casi $10 millones de dólares de FEMA, incluyendo de los programas de preparación, respuesta y recursos de recuperación. ¡Esto es inaceptable!  Less than a year after an unprecedentedly severe hurricane season – and just at the start of another – the Trump administration diverted nearly $10 million from FEMA, including its preparedness, response and recovery programs. This is unacceptable! … I joined firefighters in Orlando tonight for a candlelight vigil to mark 17 years since we lost thousands of our fellow Americans and first responders in the terrorist attacks in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania.pic.twitter.com/tzGKA70rQV Met with local business leaders in St. Lucie today to talk about how the toxic algae crisis is impacting Florida’s economy. Small businesses are the backbone of our state, which is why I’ve introduced a bill to help provide relief to the businesses hit hardest by this algae.pic.twitter.com/3hxyoqvxxU Sen. Rubio and I worked together on language authorizing the EAA Reservoir to be built south of Lake O, which is included in the water bill unveiled late last night. This project is a critical step in helping fix the algae crisis and helping restore the flow of clean water south. 17 years ago, America was attacked by a group of cowardly terrorists. But our spirit and resolve were not broken. Today, we again honor the victims and pay tribute to our heroic first responders. We will #NeverForget those whose lives were so horribly impacted that day. Floridians know firsthand how dangerous hurricanes and storm surge can be. For all our East Coast neighbors in Florence’s path – stay vigilant, make preparations now and heed the advice of officials.pic.twitter.com/5bP5rtflgX Wishing a happy and healthy New Year to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah! ... This isn’t news, in case you’re wondering.pic.twitter.com/S2XLzrTuGP Sens. Rubio and Nelson have been pushing for it to be passed since July, but it hasn't been scheduled for a vote. … ... The EAA Reservoir has been included in WRDA for months.  … … Great meeting today with Mote Marine Lab scientists researching ways to combat the harmful algae blooms and red tide that are killing wildlife around Florida. NOAA announced this  afternoon that Mote will receive more funding to continue this vital research.pic.twitter.com/PdetvbuLLy La administración anunció hoy que va a eludir el fallo de un tribunal, con el objetivo de detener a niños inmigrantes indefinidamente. Esta es una decisión inaceptable e inhumana. … The administration announced today that it will circumvent a longstanding court ruling in order to detain immigrant children indefinitely. This is an unconscionable and inhumane decision. … Federal law bars VA doctors from prescribing medical marijuana to veterans. That’s not right. I just filed a bill to let these doctors prescribe medical marijuana to vets in Florida and the 30 other states where patients are legally allowed access to it.  Today, the Commerce Dept. announced $32 million will be made available to Florida businesses that still need help rebuilding after Hurricane Irma. Sen. Rubio and I fought hard for this money and I’m glad to see it’s finally out the door and on its way to help those who need it. Happy Labor Day! Grace and I hope you have a chance to spend some time off today with your family and friends. John McCain's memorial gave us so many uplifting moments - including a moving call to serving America with honesty, honor, integrity. Heading to the National Cathedral this morning to celebrate and remember the life of John McCain, a true American hero. May he rest in peace.pic.twitter.com/Dx0E25Dyu3 Today, the VA announced Florida will receive over $5.7 million in grant monies for programs in the state aimed at helping combat veterans’ homelessness. This funding will go a long way in helping homeless veterans & their families find long-term housing.   Students should never have to worry about being preyed upon while seeking higher education. Today, I wrote Education Sec. DeVos urging her to abandon a proposed rule that will effectively prevent students who have been defrauded by colleges to have their student loans forgiven.pic.twitter.com/dh1YMkSRcb Tiene que haber una mejor manera de evaluar de forma rápida y precisa, los impactos devastadores de los desastres. Después de casi un año, la cifra oficial de muertes tras el huracán María en Puerto Rico, ha sido ajustada de 64, a 2.975. … There’s got to be a better way to quickly and accurately assess the devastating impacts of disasters. Almost a year later, Hurricane Maria’s official death toll in Puerto Rico has now been revised from 64 to 2,975. … John McCain was a leader who always put the people of this country ahead of himself. He was an individual who always believed that we, as Americans, can subscribe to a cause greater than ourselves. America is certainly going to miss John McCain.pic.twitter.com/eHL5MNodVF In Jacksonville today meeting with local law enforcement about yesterday’s shooting at the Landing. Our hearts go out to the victims of this tragic event. We have to do more to end the cycle of violence that’s plaguing our state.pic.twitter.com/EfZTBflGzr Have spoken to FBI. Making sure that all federal resources will be available to assist victims and their families, and to help law enforcement do their jobs. Word of another tragic mass shooting in our state brings shock and outrage. Right now, law enforcement are doing their jobs under horrific circumstances and it’s important that people in the Jacksonville area heed their warnings. John McCain was my friend and one of my heroes. He devoted his life to duty, honor and country. He shall always be a role model for me. You’ll be missed, George. We are all better for your advocacy and efforts to help Florida’s children and families. … Following reports of a data breach of SunPass customers’ personal information, I called on the FTC to expand my initial request for a federal investigation into the mishandling of the tolling system to include these new reports and ensure people’s personal info is protected. Thinking of John McCain today. He is a personal friend and a true American hero. We are all praying for him and his family during this difficult time. … The public needs to know what steps regulators did, or did not, take to ensure the safe construction of the FIU pedestrian bridge. Today, I called on the NTSB to stop blocking the release of records related to this deadly bridge collapse. … We need all hands on deck to solve this crisis. … We got some important things passed in the Senate spending bill tonight, including more funding to study the health effects of toxic algae, train more mental health professionals in schools & help ensure the DoD streamlines its process of sharing its medical records with the VA. Maduro y sus compinches están tratando de ocultar su dinero robado, en Florida. Debemos golpearlos donde más les duele. He instado a la administración a prohibir las importaciones de petróleo venezolano e imponer más sanciones. … Maduro & his cronies are trying to hide their stolen monies in Florida, yet another example of their corruption. We need to hit them where it really hurts. That’s why I’ve called on the admin. to ban imports of Venezuelan oil & impose even more sanctions. … Partnering with Sen. Rubio on a bill to require a coordinated scientific strategy to address toxic algae in South Florida and the Everglades. This is a crisis that requires reaching across the partisan aisle to solve. El tratamiento brutal de Juan Requesens, un miembro de la Asamblea Nacional de Venezuela, por el régimen de Maduro, es reprobable. Debemos hacer todo lo posible para asegurar su liberación, y la de todos los presos políticos.pic.twitter.com/vo9JBhZxl0 The brutal treatment of Juan Requesens, a member of Venezuela’s democratically-elected legislature, by the Maduro regime is reprehensible. We must do all we can to secure his release and the release of all political prisoners.pic.twitter.com/SYMi5GraI7 We need to do everything we can to protect our U.S. servicemembers from predatory lenders that are breaking the law by charging them exorbitant interest rates for loans. The CFPB must continue taking proactive steps to stop the bad actors, instead of turning a blind eye.pic.twitter.com/KylmsCEQ3A These toxic algae blooms are choking Florida’s waterways, crippling our economy and making people sick. That's why Sen. Rubio and I introduced an amendment today to provide the CDC additional funding to more closely study the health risks posed by this algae.pic.twitter.com/csX8hryTLz It was an honor to meet with the family of Air Force Tech Sergeant John Chapman, who will posthumously receive the Medal of Honor tomorrow. We owe him, and all others who have given their lives for our nation, a debt that can never be repaid.pic.twitter.com/mwWKcQcQxG We should be making it easier for people to vote, not harder. Florida’s college students should be able to vote on their campuses and I'm hopeful that any logistical issues can be resolved to make that possible.pic.twitter.com/K1NdRMUmZk Respectfully, you are accusing a US senator of lying because you couldn't confirm the existence of classified information that no one is allowed to talk about publicly.  None of the other senators in a position to know have disputed what Nelson said. … BREAKING - NBC NEWS: Bill Nelson wasn't making things up when he said Russians hacked Florida election systems … Florida is facing a massive environmental and economic crisis and we need to act. Today, Sen. Rubio and I urged the Senate to take up and pass legislation to help address the toxic algae blooms that are plaguing South Florida’s waterways.pic.twitter.com/hNnZEOgjz5 The oil industry is reportedly pushing a new plan to drill closer to Florida’s coast. We’re not going to let that happen. We’re not going to let them take away the military’s testing & training range in the Gulf.  We’re not going to let them drill closer to Florida’s beaches.pic.twitter.com/XYuWe1ZgKC This report raises questions about the veracity of a commitment not to drill off of Florida. We’ve been trying to get answers and find out what’s on the table. Now we’re reading about what might be under the table. … Este es otro ejemplo de la dictadura brutal en Venezuela y la razón por cual EE.UU. debe continuar sus esfuerzos contra el régimen de Maduro.   … This is yet another example of the brutal dictatorship in Venezuela, and why the U.S. must continue pressing its efforts against the Maduro regime.  … I and several of my Senate colleagues are trying to make sure state officials are aware of the ongoing Russian threat so they take the steps necessary to safeguard our elections. It's unfortunate that some FL officials would try to use this issue for personal, political gain.pic.twitter.com/CywPvSnjob I called on the CDC to help with the algae & red tide crisis here in Florida. They just wrote back. Said they are ready to help but can’t until the state asks for it. What is going on? Why aren’t state leaders asking for help? This is a real crisis – we need all hands on deck!pic.twitter.com/JY81j8xT3d Thanks to everyone who showed up for today’s ceremony at what is now the Sgt. Ernest “Boots” Thomas Health Care Center here in Tallahassee.pic.twitter.com/u1XcmCbgcG Heading to Tallahassee to rename the VA health clinic here after Marine Corps Sgt. Ernest “Boots” Thomas. Boots was a true American hero and I can think of no more fitting tribute to his extraordinary service than the renaming of this clinic in his honor. … Had a good time meeting with folks in Marianna today to discuss our ongoing efforts to expand broadband & restore Amtrak service in Northwest Florida. My family has called this part of the state home for generations. I know how important these projects are to those who live here.pic.twitter.com/niFtHxVjAY Just met with a group of veterans in Panama City to discuss what we can do to better to protect our service members from predatory lenders setting up shop outside our military bases. We should be doing everything we can to help the brave men and women who serve in our military.pic.twitter.com/TaxgKLCeFI Heading to Panama City to meet with a group of veterans and discuss the legislation I filed to protect our service members from predatory lenders who set up shop outside our military bases. … These toxic algae blooms are making people sick, killing our wildlife and hurting our economy. We need our state leaders to change course. We need them to start taking steps to keep our waterways clean – instead of allowing them to become more polluted.  pic.twitter.com/TPEJCLF6nO Big win today – the Senate Commerce Committee just approved our bill that could help pave the way for commercial space companies to expand their operations at the Cape and create more jobs along Florida’s Space Coast. … I filed legislation today to cap out-of-pocket health care costs for seniors & people with disabilities on Medicare. We need to do everything we can to make health care more affordable for everyone, especially seniors who struggle to afford care they need.  We need all hands on deck to stop these toxic algae blooms that are plaguing South Florida’s waterways. Glad to see @RepBrianMast announce today that he plans to introduce the House-version of our bill to help the communities most impacted by these toxic blooms. Un juez ha dictaminado que cientos de puertorriqueños desplazados pueden permanecer en hoteles que FEMA les ha brindado, hasta el 31 de agosto, por lo menos. Ahora el Congreso debe aprobar mi proyecto de ley para brindarles viviendas hasta enero del 2019.  A federal judge just ruled that hundreds of displaced Puerto Rican families can stay in the hotel rooms FEMA is providing until at least Aug. 31. Now Congress needs to pass my bill to provide them housing through Jan. 2019.  I filed legislation today to crack down on online predators who target minors. According to CDC estimates, 1 in 6 stalking victims in the U.S. are under the age of 18. We have to do more to protect our children.  El Congreso debe aprobar nuestro proyecto de ley, que exige que EE.UU. imponga sanciones a los funcionarios nicaragüenses, incluyendo al Presidente Ortega y su esposa. Esta represión violenta contra los nicaragüenses es parecida a lo que vimos en Venezuela y no debe ser tolerada. Congress needs to act and pass our bill requiring the U.S. to impose sanctions on Nicaraguan officials, including Pres. Ortega and his wife. This violent crackdown on the Nicaraguan people is eerily similar to what we saw in Venezuela and must not be tolerated. BREAKING: A federal judge just issued a temporary restraining order to block the release of blueprints for 3D-printed guns! Now we need Congress to do the right thing and pass our bill to permanently block these blueprints from ever being published. Acabo de tratar de aprobar un proyecto de ley que impediría la publicación de los planos de armas 3D – pero los republicanos lo bloquearon. Si el presidente Trump no revoca esta decisión antes de la medianoche, nuestra seguridad nacional se verá perjudicada irreversiblemente.pic.twitter.com/KCIuVrsH73 I just tried to pass our bill that would prevent the release of these 3D-printed gun blueprints – but the GOP blocked it. If President Trump doesn’t reverse this dangerous decision before midnight tonight, our national security will be irreversibly harmed.pic.twitter.com/9awEscnbsh These 3D-printed guns are a threat to our national security and can be carried through a metal detector without setting off alarms. I am heading to the Senate floor now to call for immediate passage of our bill to block the release of these blueprints before it’s too late. Starting tomorrow, the Trump administration is going to allow people to start posting blueprints online showing how to make a fully functioning 3D-printed gun at home. We can’t let that happen. I am filing legislation today to block the release of these plans. .@SenGaryPeters and I are calling for a federal investigation into the company responsible for mismanaging the SunPass toll system.pic.twitter.com/LjsleZ2JjF Starting Aug. 1, the Trump admin. is going to allow people to post blueprints online showing how to make a fully-functioning 3D-printed gun at home. I’m calling on the State Department to block the publishing of these blueprints before it’s too late.pic.twitter.com/ciceBzMLT9 I am calling on DOJ to investigate the shooting that took place in Clearwater last week and determine whether any criminal charges should be filed.pic.twitter.com/Uorw92y7hF Met with Everglades Superintendent Pedro Ramos today to discuss restoring the Everglades and completing the Tamiami Trail project to allow more water to flow south as nature intended. Getting projects like these done ASAP is critical to preventing these toxic algae blooms.pic.twitter.com/FzpS1Xouat If we’re going to continue to grow our economy, we need to access this country’s tremendous untapped potential. Congrats to FIU on their $1M award to increase the number of minorities with STEM degrees!  … This is a political stunt that plays right into Putin’s hands. We must let Rosenstein and Mueller do their jobs. The American people deserve to know the truth. … Hoy vence el plazo límite, para que la administración reúna a todas las familias elegibles que fueron separadas en la frontera, y aún hay cientos de niños que están sin sus padres. No podemos darles la espalda - debemos continuar luchando hasta que estas familias estén juntas. Today is the deadline for the administration to reunite all eligible families separated at the border and there are still hundreds of kids not yet back with their parents. We can't turn our back on these kids - we must continue to fight until all these families are back together. … It was great meeting with Diane Lane and the folks from @oceana today to discuss the importance of safeguarding our marine life and keeping oil rigs away from Florida’s coast.pic.twitter.com/tpq6lZXTVC The administration's decision to allow people to post blueprints online about how to make a deadly 3D printed gun at home is inexplicable – and it's dangerous! I’m filing a bill ASAP to severely restrict the publication of these detailed plans on how to make a 3D printed firearm.pic.twitter.com/ogRLcHLJPO We need to make sure our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico have access to the food they need as they continue to recover from Hurricane Maria. Have just cosponsored legislation to provide additional food assistance to people on the island as they continue to rebuild. The Trump administration is reversing a rule that banned people from posting instructions on how to make a fully-functioning gun at home with a 3D printer. DOJ will allow people to start posting these blueprints Aug 1st. This is a dangerous decision and we are demanding answers.pic.twitter.com/9GSoka37Ju Had a good meeting with Sanibel Mayor Kevin Ruane today to talk about what needs to be done to stop the toxic algae that’s spreading through Florida’s waterways.pic.twitter.com/KiQ8bFdjVa A judge just ruled that Florida’s attempt to ban early voting on college campuses is unconstitutional. This was a direct assault on student voting & shows just how far Florida’s government will go to keep some groups from the polls. We need to make it easier to vote - not harder. Cobrarle a las familias separadas en la frontera $8 dólares el minuto por hablar por teléfono es muy bajo. Nuestro país no es así. Le estoy exigiendo a la administración que le ponga fin a esta práctica vergonzosa, y permita que las familias hablen sin costo.pic.twitter.com/0cyMFN4vXP Charging families separated at the border as much as $8 per minute to talk by phone is a new low. Our country is better than that. I am calling on the Trump administration to end this shameless practice immediately and let these families talk for free.pic.twitter.com/Di6I63F5OF UPDATE: Per our request, DHS just announced they are automatically extending work authorization for all 4,650 Haitian TPS beneficiaries whose applications were still pending as of today. … There are more than 32,000 Haitians with Temporary Protected Status living in Florida. Many of them are afraid they may lose their jobs tomorrow because the administration hasn’t renewed their work authorizations. I'm calling on the administration to fix this immediately.pic.twitter.com/j6FwJ1BZCM We should be working together to lower the cost of health care. Instead, Florida is using the courts to take the guarantee of health care away from 7.8 million Floridians with pre-existing conditions. We are urging Senate Counsel to intervene to keep those protections in place.pic.twitter.com/y44tPSLwh2 The Department of Transportation’s own investigation found that U.S. auto safety regulators aren’t doing enough to protect the public. That’s unacceptable – ensuring the safety of the traveling public should be their top priority.  The Trump administration’s trade war is threatening to put a lot of hardworking Americans out of work. This is no way to run a country - this administration needs to take the steps necessary to end this trade war as soon as possible.pic.twitter.com/xRquY6B0In Presenté un proyecto de ley para imponerle sanciones a los funcionarios nicaragüenses responsables por la violencia contra los manifestantes. Ortega y sus asesinos deben ser responsables por los asesinatos de las personas que ejercen sus derechos.  Just filed a bill to impose sanctions and freeze assets of Nicaraguan officials responsible for the violence against protesters. Ortega and his thugs must be held accountable for the abuse and murder of Nicaraguan people exercising their rights.  President Trump’s tariffs are hurting a lot of Florida businesses. If they stay in place, companies could be forced to start laying people off. I sent a letter today calling on the president to take the steps necessary to end this trade war and work with our allies on solutions.pic.twitter.com/raDzLSEMGv If the president really misspoke, he would have corrected it immediately. He didn’t misspeak - and we need to know: What does Russia have on our president? What is Putin hanging over his head? What is going on with a U.S. president who believes Putin over our own intel community?pic.twitter.com/KwiEPQfkVh .@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, siding with the president of Russia over our own U.S. intelligence community is embarrassing and inexcusable. We need to defend ourselves and push back on Vladimir Putin. If President Trump won’t stand up to Putin, Congress needs to enact even more economic sanctions on Russia and start freezing the bank accounts of its highest leaders.pic.twitter.com/1m1RFFUGt0 Nobody knows what President Trump and Vladimir Putin said in their private meeting today. But what President Trump said afterwards – and his refusal to accept the fact that Russia interfered in our 2016 elections – is alarming, embarrassing and unacceptable.pic.twitter.com/zd1MMzcOWn The President’s constitutional duty is to uphold the rule of law, not to take the side of Vladimir Putin. The president's refusal to acknowledge that Putin interfered in our elections should alarm us all. Putin is a threat to our democracy and our upcoming election, that's a fact. The president's unwillingness to stand up to him and defend our nation is unacceptable and embarrassing. This trade war – sparked by the Trump administration's tariffs – is having a real impact on many Florida businesses. Just met with execs at Correct Craft in Orlando who are worried they may have to start laying people off if the administration doesn’t end this trade war soon.pic.twitter.com/iSSDyBajIf Just met with Colombian President-elect Ivan Duque in Miami to discuss how we can work together to continue to pressure the Maduro regime and help the people of Venezuela.pic.twitter.com/LeriVjKrLZ The violence perpetrated by the Ortega regime is reprehensible and it must not be tolerated. It’s eerily similar to that of Maduro and Castro. The American people stand on the side of the Nicaraguan people. They deserve to have their voices heard. … These indictments further show how Putin interfered in our election – and we know he’s going to do it again. This should be a wake-up call for all Americans. … Thousands of young adults are diagnosed with cancer each year. They should be focused on getting healthy, not worrying about their student loans. I just filed a bill to allow anyone diagnosed with cancer to defer their student loan payments until after their treatment is done.pic.twitter.com/NdlodHGbj5 These discharges are having a real impact on the communities and businesses around our local waterways. We need to speed up the ongoing Everglades restoration projects to send more clean water south the way that Mother Nature intended.  These toxic algae blooms are having a real impact on some small business owners in South Florida. Today, I filed legislation to provide tax breaks to the small businesses hurt by these algae blooms to help them get through these difficult times.  pic.twitter.com/1ZwL8Koivv It’s always great to share stories about our space program with the next generation of scientists and explorers. Thanks, Max, for coming by the office today!pic.twitter.com/tBnojVbJah Always good to catch up with @charlie_mirsky and @cameron_kasky who stopped by today to talk about their latest efforts to help make our communities safer by advocating for common sense gun safety measures.pic.twitter.com/3lGsotYNUS Florida lost one of its greatest environmental champions today. Nat Reed was a true friend, who cared deeply for our state. I think it would be a fitting tribute to name the new reservoir project south of Lake Okeechobee in his honor.pic.twitter.com/WeXPxRnwYO Good news in the fight against these algae blooms: The Army Corps just approved the EAA reservoir project that will help clean more water from Lake O and send it south, instead of east and west. Now with Corps’ okay, we can work to get this project approved by Congress this year. We have to do more to lower the cost of prescription drugs. No one should have to choose between putting food on the table or paying for their medication. Today, I filed a bill to cap consumers’ prescription drug costs at $250/mo and $500/mo for families.  First they miss the deadline, now HHS just told us that they are unable reunify at least one child because they haven’t been able to find their parents for more than a year. Worse than that, HHS says the child and his or her parents may actually be U.S. citizens! This is unacceptable. The administration needs to reunite these families immediately! … I look forward to meeting with Judge Kavanaugh to discuss his views on several issues such as protecting women's rights, guaranteeing access to health care for those with pre-existing conditions & protecting the right to vote, just to name a few. I’ll make my decision after that. Some good news: Franklin County has officially accepted the dozens of FEMA mobile homes we helped them get for the Eastpoint families who lost everything in a prescribed burn. We are working now to get these homes to these families ASAP. To be clear: the $514 million that the Army Corps will spend to speed up work on the dike is great news for areas around Lake O that would be in danger of a catastrophic breach. It will not solve the algae crisis. To do that, we need to speed up work on restoring the Everglades.pic.twitter.com/alXjrXFNw7 People in South Florida are worried about the possible health risks associated with these toxic algae blooms that are spreading in the local waterways. Today, I called on the CDC to provide detailed information on any health risks linked to these blooms and what to look out for.pic.twitter.com/uPiwKjKuE9 Last week, 36 families in Eastpoint, FL lost their homes when a prescribed burn got out of control. There’s no way to replace what they lost, but I’ve been talking to GSA and they just agreed to make dozens of FEMA mobile homes available to help these families recover. Just met with a group of Venezuelan community leaders in Miami to discuss the letter we sent yesterday to President Trump calling on him to grant Temporary Protected Status to Venezuelans living in the U.S., and asylum to the record number of Venezuelans seeking refuge here.pic.twitter.com/Yaz1tVVZbn It was great seeing everyone in Liberty City today. I am so proud of the City of Miami and Miami-Dade County for all that they are doing to help remake this community with the Liberty Square project.pic.twitter.com/CRYDi1SGOL In Liberty City, Florida. Just met with a group of local residents who all want the same thing - to end the gun violence plaguing the community. Am on my way now to meet with local community leaders to find out what we can do to help stop the gun violence here.pic.twitter.com/KcSPPphPkx Sen. Nelson announces fast track for repairs to Herbert Hoover Dike.  pic.twitter.com/fC6Gt72jws I was in Ft. Myers earlier today talking with leaders there about the algae plaguing our waterways. Now I’m in Stuart talking with leaders and residents about what we can do to stop this toxic algae from spreading further here on Florida’s east coast.pic.twitter.com/zOhtV09bvv This is huge news! The Army Corps just approved our request to speed up work on the Herbert Hoover Dike around Lake Okeechobee. Corps says it will set aside $514 million to finish the project by 2022 instead of 2025. In Ft. Myers now meeting with local leaders about the algae that’s plaguing the region’s waterways and what needs to be done to fix it.pic.twitter.com/88xtlOscdv Happy Fourth of July! Grace and I wish you the very best and hope you have wonderful day.pic.twitter.com/lKbdj8Gh3K Good to see the Army Corps announce it will send more water through L-29 south under Tamiami Trail. We need all the flexibility possible to reduce discharges from Lake O. We also need to finish bridging of Tamiami and get EAA reservoir going to get even more options on the table. .@DarrenSoto @NydiaVelazquez and I are in Kissimmee today to speak with families who have been displaced by last year's storms about what we can do to help provide more affordable housing in our communities.pic.twitter.com/eYzcKaMSx4 Good news—a federal judge just ruled that displaced Puerto Rican families can now stay in the hotel rooms FEMA has been providing them until, at least, July 23. We will continue to push FEMA to extend even longer after that. … Today, I sent a letter with @marcorubio to the Supervisor of Elections in all 67 counties in Florida urging them to heed the warnings of DHS and take advantage of all federal resources available protect our upcoming elections from foreign interference. … I just sent a letter to the heads of DHS and HHS to find out exactly what’s being done to reunite the 2,300 children who have been separated from their families at the border.pic.twitter.com/KQTvlZdAa9 FEMA just announced that it will comply with a federal court order and continue to provide housing assistance to hundreds of displaced families until, at least, July 5. FEMA says it is contacting hotel and motel owners now to make sure they know of the change. There are thousands of Puerto Rican families struggling to recover from last year’s storms & they need our help. Great seeing so many dedicated people at the Nuestro Futuro symposium today where leaders from around the state are gathering to find ways to help Puerto Ricans.pic.twitter.com/LPQWDJcKRI Good news. We just passed a farm bill to provide scientists another $125 million to fight the deadly citrus disease, known as greening. We need all the help we can get to stop this devastating disease as soon as possible or we won’t be growing oranges in Florida much longer. Just hours after we asked for an investigation, HHS’s Inspector General announced that it has opened an investigation into the agency’s treatment of the more than 2,000 kids who were ripped from their parents at the border.pic.twitter.com/kooADxcTzr On Saturday, FEMA is going to stop providing housing assistance to hundreds of families still displaced after Hurricane Maria. I just called on the Senate to immediately pass my bill to force FEMA to continue providing help to these families - but GOP objected. Watch here:pic.twitter.com/5yUIbGZqQu In two days FEMA will stop providing housing assistance to families still displaced from Hurricane Maria. At 1:15 pm, I’ll ask the Senate to take up and immediately pass my bill to require FEMA to continue providing help to these families. Watch here:   Justice Kennedy was a balanced, consensus candidate nominated by President Reagan. I expect President Trump to do the same. I believe the American people should be given a chance to express their views in the upcoming election, before the Senate exercises its constitutional duty. Have filed an amendment to the farm bill with @marcorubio to authorize an additional $1.27 billion in food assistance for the people of Puerto Rico.pic.twitter.com/erd08FNsTl It’s always great to spend time with kids like Daniela, Abby and Lucy. They are the reason why we are pushing so hard to pass legislation that would create nationally designated children’s hospital networks to provide them the full range of health services they need.pic.twitter.com/NNXpBHVkXi It was great meeting with the River Kidz from the Treasure Coast today as they work to raise awareness about the dangers of toxic algae and the need to finish restoring the Everglades so we can repair the natural flow of water south as Mother Nature intended.pic.twitter.com/SmqMzUbo9z Today, I and 47 other senators are calling on President Trump to abandon his administration’s latest efforts to take the guarantee of health care coverage away from more than 133 million Americans with pre-existing conditions – including 7.8 million in Florida.pic.twitter.com/IGlfHL5QUt Have just been told by HHS that they are planning to set up ”family camps” where children and parents would be detained together. I asked what is a “family camp” and how would it work? They said they don’t know yet. I met with Col. Kirk, the head of the Jacksonville district of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, today to go over its plans to restore the Everglades and speed up construction on the Herbert Hoover Dike to get it done by 2022, instead of 2025.pic.twitter.com/V6342twXjj Cuando el jefe del HHS se presente ante el congreso mañana, le haré una serie de preguntas acerca de los esfuerzos para reunificar a los 2.300 niños que fueron separaron de sus padres.pic.twitter.com/603mPmNDev I have put the head of HHS on notice that when he testifies before Congress tomorrow, I plan to ask him a series of questions regarding his agency’s efforts to reunite 2,300 children who separated from their parents and I expect answers.pic.twitter.com/PLE36z2wDi Estoy en la ciudad de Homestead en la Florida y acabo de visitar el centro en donde 70 niños, quienes fueron separados de sus familias están siendo retenidos. Los oficiales no me permiten ver los niños. Me dijeron que todavía no hay un plan para reunirlos con sus padres.pic.twitter.com/IHCAhCoToL Just visited the Homestead, Fla. facility where 70 kids who were separated from their families are being held. They would not let me see the kids. They told me they have no plan in place to reunify them with their parents.pic.twitter.com/mpwOP7eNKv On I-4. Traffic is bad. Again, I am officially calling on Gov. Scott to let us build high-speed rail. We would be riding at 180 mph between Orlando and Tampa right now had he not turned away $2.4 billion in 2011. Pres. Trump’s order does nothing to help the 2,300 kids already separated from their families. I am heading back to Homestead, FL Saturday to check on 94 kids there who were separated from their parents to find out exactly what’s being done to reunite them with their families. It’s clear this executive order does not solve the problem. The Trump administration needs to reunite these families immediately. … The president’s order does not solve this problem. It does nothing to reunify the 2,300 children who have been taken from their parents.pic.twitter.com/jo2knb8eT8 The power to end this shameful chapter in our nation’s history lies with the president and his pen. He can sign an executive order today. He doesn’t need Congress to act. He and he alone is allowing this shameful practice to continue. And he, and he alone, can stop it right now.pic.twitter.com/YNtQzu4XgY There's nothing in the law that requires children be taken from their parents. There's nothing in the law that requires them to rip an infant from a parent's arms. The decision to enact this shameful policy was a decision made by this administration and this administration alone.pic.twitter.com/8RKeBz9E6g Just learned from HHS that there are 94 children in the Homestead, Florida facility who were separated from their families. The Trump administration’s actions today to block us from checking on these kids is inexcusable. This is not a good day for our country. The Trump administration will not let us check on the welfare of the children being held in Homestead, FL. These are kids who were taken from their moms and dads. They are scared. And this administration should be ashamed of itself.pic.twitter.com/DbrknSuEIT The administration’s action today to deny us access to their Homestead, Florida facility where they are holding 1,000 migrant children is against EVERYTHING that we as a country stand for. They ought to be ashamed of themselves.pic.twitter.com/Zv8Py0f3M8 The company running this facility told us we would be welcomed to tour the facility. HHS then denied us entry and said that they need “two weeks notice” to allow us inside. That’s ridiculous and it’s clear this administration is hiding something. HHS just blocked us from entering its facility in Homestead, Florida to check on the welfare of the children being held here. They are obviously hiding something, and we are going to get to the bottom of this.pic.twitter.com/q4m6Zd0ck2 Heading to Homestead, Florida tomorrow to check on the roughly 1,000 migrant children reportedly being held there. The Trump administration needs to stop this inhumane policy of separating families at the border immediately – we, as a society, are better than this! Sea level rise is a real threat to Florida - that’s why I introduced a bill to help coastal communities become more resilient. We need to act now before it’s too late. … The president told a US general to create a new Space Force as 6th branch of military today, which generals tell me they don’t want. Thankfully the president can’t do it without Congress because now is NOT the time to rip the Air Force apart. Too many important missions at stake. … 7.8 million Floridians with pre-existing conditions could lose their guarantee of health coverage if a lawsuit – supported by the state of Florida – is successful. I just met with some folks in Orlando today to hear what it could mean for them.pic.twitter.com/K7kBaalmdX There is no legitimate reason to separate families at the border. None. This needs to stop. I have called on the Trump administration to end this inhumane policy immediately! … After more than 50 years of war with the FARC, the people of Colombia have a new leader. It’s the first presidential election since the war ended and the start of a new era for the Colombian people. … To all the dads out there: Happy Father’s Day!pic.twitter.com/7N9aWRe6SW The students @marcorubio and I nominated to our service academies are some of Florida’s best and brightest. It was a pleasure to meet with them in Tampa today and help honor their great achievements.pic.twitter.com/IIIYnTJFVQ In Panama City today meeting with a group of local business and community leaders at the Bay County Chamber of Commerce about our latest fight to keep oil rigs away from Florida’s beaches, and why it’s a fight we can’t afford to lose.pic.twitter.com/6qAljAsiuv Happy birthday to the @USArmy! And a special thanks to all the brave men and women who are currently serving in our nation’s military. Thank you for your service!pic.twitter.com/QytnL1ftvy In just over two weeks, thousands of American families still displaced from their homes after last year’s hurricanes could suddenly find themselves without a place to live. We can’t let that happen. I am calling on the Senate to act before it’s too late.pic.twitter.com/DhYDa9HCl8 Kia and Hyundai owners need to know if their cars are safe to drive. Today, I called on the NHTSA to look into what’s causing these spontaneous fires in Kia and Hyundai vehicles, and what’s being done to prevent them from happening. … 7.8 million Floridians have a pre-existing condition. We are calling on Gov. Scott to immediately withdraw from a dangerous lawsuit Florida joined that would take away the critical protections put in place for those with a pre-existing condition.pic.twitter.com/jby3c2WNUU It’s official! The 2026 World Cup is coming to North America, and Miami and Orlando should be picked to host. … The attack on Pulse nightclub was an act of terror and hate, and it was an attack on our fundamental American values of equality and dignity. Two years later, our resolve to end gun violence must be stronger than ever. It’s time for Congress to act. #EnoughIsEnoughpic.twitter.com/SxVquJgYOg This is a first step, but it’s a shaky first step. The president gave up joint military exercises with our South Korean ally in exchange for a vague commitment to work toward denuclearization—a promise the North Korean dictatorship has broken before. … Today marks two years since the tragic shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Join us in honoring and remembering the 49 lives lost that day, those who survived and the first responders who put their own lives on the line to save so many more:   It’s been 122 days since Congress approved disaster funding to help Florida and Puerto Rico recover from last year’s hurricanes – yet several communities still haven’t received a dime. That’s unacceptable. I’m calling on the administration to release those funds immediately.pic.twitter.com/APL9JAXg4q .@SenKamalaHarris and I have filed a bill to require FEMA to develop a new system for determining the number of deaths caused by a natural disaster, such as Hurricane Maria. The people of Puerto Rico deserve to know the truth.pic.twitter.com/8Z7MBEr9qV Tomorrow marks two years since the horrific shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. I just met with Tiara Parker, one of the survivors of that terrible massacre, to hear her story and talk about what more we can do to protect our communities from such senseless gun violence.pic.twitter.com/YePuP1ZXBX #NetNeutrality protections end today, eliminating the internet as we know it. The Senate passed a resolution restoring #NetNeutrality last month because internet access should be equal and open for all users. I’m calling on Speaker Ryan to bring it to a vote in the House ASAP. Praying for a full recovery for the Orlando police officer who was shot in the line of duty last night. And for the safety of all those involved in this tragic situation. … The photos of flooded streets in South Florida don't lie. And neither does the water that’s sometimes past your ankles when you’re walking around some of Florida’s coastal communities. … This is big news – @NASA says it has just discovered new clues in the mystery of whether life once existed on Mars. This is yet another reason why we need to get our astronauts to the Red Planet as soon as possible as part of our venture into the unknown. … Congress has officially approved our bill to rename a Tallahassee VA clinic in honor of Sgt. Ernest “Boots” Thomas. I can think of no more fitting tribute to his extraordinary service to our country. … Thanks to the NASA bill we passed last year to allow commercial space companies to expand their activities on NASA properties, SpaceX is now building a major new facility at KSC that will bring more jobs and provide yet another boost to the local economy.  The administration has gone to court to take the guarantee of health care coverage away from 7.8 million Floridians with pre-existing conditions. That’s outrageous. And I’m going to fight it with everything I have until the cows come home. … Sent a letter to President Trump urging his administration to stop this inhumane practice of separating children from their families at the border. Also filed legislation to ban the practice altogether.pic.twitter.com/XvDVNJzUzf Net neutrality protections will be eliminated in 4 days. Broadband providers will be able to block or slow down users’ access to content.  Speaker Ryan must bring the resolution restoring #NetNeutrality to a vote immediately -- the free and open internet is at risk.pic.twitter.com/hd8dbQ7ST1 If the North American bid to host the 2026 FIFA World Cup is successful, Florida fans could have a chance to watch world class soccer in Miami and Orlando. That’s why @marcorubio and I introduced a resolution today supporting the United Bid. … Just introduced new legislation to prevent the Trump admin. from opening up any new areas off of FL's Gulf Coast to offshore oil drilling until at least 2027. Drilling off FL's coast poses a real risk to our state and it’s a risk we shouldn’t have to take.  pic.twitter.com/hkTku7ZX1W According to @NOAA, the U.S. just experienced the warmest May ever on record. It's not an exaggeration to say that climate change and sea level rise have already impacted our lives - it's reality. We need to take steps now to slow these effects.pic.twitter.com/HbcGtV8jG1 Met with a group of displaced Puerto Rican families today who still can’t return home after Hurricane Maria. They need our help. And I am once again calling on Congress to pass the bill we filed to continue providing these families the housing they still desperately need.pic.twitter.com/5M4PceEbde The Pentagon’s recently-completed investigation into the deaths of four U.S. service members in Niger is deeply concerning. I am calling on our nation’s top military leaders to explain exactly what steps they are taking to ensure the same mistakes are not made again.pic.twitter.com/BSsYLK40CB Had a good discussion with fellow Florida native Will Benson, the @marinesanctuary volunteer of the year for his tremendous work in the Keys, about how fishing guides can support Florida's environment.pic.twitter.com/o04p8EGMhJ Americans deserve to know what data security safeguards are in place and whether Facebook adequately protected user information from unauthorized use and storage.pic.twitter.com/uK8haHD1Ax This report that Facebook gave a Chinese firm flagged by U.S. intelligence access to user data is yet another example of questionable business practices by Facebook that could undermine basic consumer privacy. … Here we go. Like us, Big Oil doesn’t believe Florida is really “off the table” to new drilling – despite what Scott and the Trump Administration keep saying – and now they are making a new push to drill closer to Florida’s shores. We can’t let that happen!  So proud of @FSU_Softball – way to go Noles!  Florida’s citrus industry is a vital part of our economy. But if we don’t find a cure to citrus greening soon, we won’t be growing oranges in Florida much longer. That’s why I’m asking for $125 million for 5 more years of citrus greening research in this year’s farm bill.pic.twitter.com/jG7Cu9XWGd Thank you @SenBillNelson for helping us with the ATF bill. Nice speaking with you at the @RFKHumanRightspic.twitter.com/BKWzso2QQj .@SenJohnThune and I sent a letter to Mark Zuckerberg today demanding answers about who had access to Facebook users' data. … As we prepare for what could be another above-average hurricane season, @marcorubio and I have asked DHS and HHS what specific steps their agencies have taken to better protect seniors and individuals with disabilities in the event of another major storm.pic.twitter.com/BEGSIwJaw8 So proud of @Emma4Change @cameron_kasky and all the Parkland students who have worked tirelessly to turn a tragedy into a nationwide call to action. It was an honor to spend some time with them today as @AMarch4OurLives was presented with the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award.pic.twitter.com/2oGuDFMDMV Today, I am once again calling on Senate leaders to authorize the water storage and cleansing project south of Lake Okeechobee. This is a critical project to help residents, wildlife, fishermen and business owners in South Florida who fear more damage from algae blooms.pic.twitter.com/JVmBLWwgo4 Was in Tampa today to speak at the @Florida_NOW conference about what we can do to empower women and promote equality for all.pic.twitter.com/Zn7FGNUl6H This is something I’ve been pushing the Park Service to do. We need all hands on deck to rid the Everglades of this destructive invasive species. … Starting a trade war with our closest allies is the last thing we should be doing. No one wins in a trade war, especially hardworking families who may have to pay more for the goods they buy every day. … Sen. Bill Nelson and Seb. Leahy introduced the crime gun tracing modernization act in the senate last week.  This will make it much easier for law enforcement to trace guns found at crime scenes back to their owners.  It’s time the primitive records kept in boxes are digitized. Had a good discussion with local business leaders at the @StPeteChamber today about why drilling for oil and gas off of Florida’s coasts poses a serious threat to our state’s environment and multi-billion dollar tourism-driven economy.pic.twitter.com/G2TtyahX1N Any plan that allows oil drilling even one inch closer to Florida’s shores is unacceptable. Here’s the letter I just sent to Secretary Zinke:pic.twitter.com/hzFoItAgJz This is just one more reason why the U.S. needs to keep the pressure on Maduro’s criminal regime – we must help the Venezuelan people restore their democracy and stop these atrocities.  … This administration’s unbelievable policies are ripping families apart. We must return to our true American values by treating those seeking asylum with dignity and respect and keeping families together. … How do you miss over 4,000 deaths? The Trump administration failed the people of Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurricane Maria and it still isn’t doing enough to help people recover. We, as a country, can and MUST do more to help our fellow American citizens.  Parts of North Florida saw significant beach erosion during Hurricane Matthew. Met with the head of the Army Corps today to get an update on the work its doing to prepare these beaches for the upcoming hurricane season and protect nearby coastal communities from storm surge.pic.twitter.com/nQmmnrnZa8 Heading to St. Augustine to meet with the Army Corps about its efforts to restore North Florida’s beaches ahead of this year’s hurricane season. … This is inexcusable. Any company that develops a game like this in wake of such a horrific tragedy should be ashamed of itself. … In Tampa today at the Hillsborough County Memorial Day ceremony to pay tribute to the American heroes who have given their lives so we can have freedom. A grateful nation thanks them and their families.pic.twitter.com/wThXMAd4yB It was great seeing Kamia Brown and Alan Williams today at the Florida A&M alumni luncheon in Orlando. Go Rattlers!pic.twitter.com/VQE4OeTm2r It was great meeting with @SolarEnergyLoan today to discuss ways we can make solar energy more affordable Florida families. Florida is the Sunshine State, but ranks 10th in solar production, so I introduced a bill to boost our investment in renewable sources of energy.pic.twitter.com/flwXmHTauh It’s official, we now have our first named storm of the year. Early forecasts show Alberto heading toward Mississippi and Alabama, but this could change. Be prepared.pic.twitter.com/XdcMMxIjNj Did you know there’s a law that prohibits ATF agents from electronically searching their records to find who owns a gun found at a crime scene? They can search the records, but only by hand. That’s ridiculous. I filed a bill today to change that & help them solve crimes quicker. It was great talking with @davidhogg111 and @charlie_mirsky this week about the steps we can take to make our communities safer and protect them from gun violence.pic.twitter.com/BO6FLjxgXr NOAA predicts 10 – 16 named storms this hurricane season. And this disturbance heading into the Gulf could be the first. If you’re in Florida, please be sure to keep an eye on this storm and heed any warnings from local officials. We are monitoring closely.pic.twitter.com/bg2DwzEBjg The cancellation of this summit reveals the lack of preparation on the part of President Trump in dealing with a totalitarian dictator like Kim Jong Un. We’ve seen similar lack of preparation by the president in dealing with the leaders of China and Russia. We know Russia interfered in our elections two years ago and if we don’t act now, they could interfere in the elections coming up. But the state of Florida hasn’t taken any of the federal funding available to them to improve election security. That just doesn’t make sense. In March, Congress passed a bill that authorized $19 million to help Florida election officials strengthen their security and update equipment. At least 12 other states have applied for and received funding, but the state of FL hasn’t even applied for one single dollar. Not one.pic.twitter.com/WkVu2KzId6 We still don’t know the cause of the FIU bridge collapse, but it’s reassuring that the NTSB is laser-focused on the cracks in the structure. The victims’ families and the public deserve a thorough examination of this tragic event to prevent it from ever happening again. … The state of Florida’s refusal to expand Medicaid coverage to 800,000 Floridians is unconscionable. Their decision not to act means $66 billion of Florida taxpayer dollars are going elsewhere, while Floridians go without coverage.pic.twitter.com/wqS09BVuql We can’t allow what happened in Parkland and in Texas to become the new normal in this country. I just announced that I will be filing new legislation to hire more mental health professionals at schools across the country to ensure any student who needs help is able to get it.pic.twitter.com/SaWLRRlD1B The administration is taking some steps to prevent Maduro’s cronies from profiting on the sale of state assets – but we shouldn’t stop there. The U.S. should prohibit the importation of Venezuelan oil until constitutional order there has been restored. The president has been bluff and bluster on trade - now it appears China has gotten the best of him. No advance on trying to stop unfair trade with China. To all the brave men and women who are serving, or who have served, in our nation’s armed forces: Thank you from a fellow vet #ArmedForcesDay Tomorrow’s snap election in Venezuela is nothing more than Maduro’s desperate attempt to cling to power. The U.S. can and MUST do more to help the Venezuelan people restore their democracy – and bring Josh Holt home. Black women are three times more likely to die in pregnancy or childbirth as white women. That shouldn’t be the case. And that’s why I’m sponsoring the Maternal Health Accountability Act to help moms and babies from every community get the care they need.  It was a privilege to speak at the 9th annual Puerto Rican Summit in Orlando today. No American should have to go through what the people of Puerto Rico are still going through after Hurricane Maria. We have to do more to help them recover.pic.twitter.com/6iPmbM1T4k Praying for all those in Texas today. At some point, we as a society have to say enough is enough. We have to come together and do more to protect our kids in school. It was great meeting with members of @Hadassah today about what we can do to combat anti-Semitism, promote women’s health and enact common-sense gun reforms.pic.twitter.com/xzLOuIgYal We need all hands on deck to protect Florida families from skyrocketing health care costs. Here’s the letter I and 11 other members of Florida’s Congressional delegation sent to Gov. Scott today urging him to work with us to protect Florida families.pic.twitter.com/UukYkSLPvG This week, FEMA denied a request to activate its Disaster Housing Assistance Program for thousands of families still displaced by last year’s hurricanes. So today I filed a bill to force FEMA to activate the program & continue to help those who need it.   “This is life and death of the American automobile drivers and passengers,” @SenBillNelson said Wednesday to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's @NHTSAgov nominee as he grilled her over the pace of #Takata air bag repairs   via @detroitnews There are still 1.3 million vehicles with deadly Takata airbags on Florida roads today. That’s unacceptable. And that’s what I told the president’s nominee to lead the agency in charge of this massive recall earlier today.pic.twitter.com/2iBpchQFEg I’m heading to meet with FL city leaders to talk about the bill I filed to help protect our cities from the effects of climate change. The seas are rising & this bill will provide cities with loans to build the structures needed to withstand tidal flooding   It’s good to know that there are still some issues that rise above partisan politics – and protecting the International Space Station is one of them.pic.twitter.com/NuskHrz9hR The public understands how vital it is to have a free and open internet.  They do not want to have websites blocked or internet access slowed.  And they certainly don’t want internet providers making these decisions. I’m voting today to restore #NetNeutrality to keep control of the internet in the hands of those who use it.pic.twitter.com/v9E22UZOUj Too many Floridians don’t have access to critical treatments for opioid addiction. I just introduced a bill to create 1,000 new medical residency positions at hospitals throughout the country to train new doctors to help fight this public health crisis.     The Senate is voting tomorrow to restore #NetNeutrality  Consumers should be able to decide what websites they see and how fast they see them – we have to keep the internet free and open for all Americans. If you’re in FL, please keep an eye on this disturbance in the Gulf. These disturbances are unpredictable & can grow quickly. I’ve called on FEMA to be on standby just in case this disturbance suddenly becomes our first named storm of the year & will continue to monitor closely.pic.twitter.com/VkPlADqNZk Today we celebrate the relocation of the U.S. Embassy to its appropriate place in Jerusalem. But the hard work of helping bring about a secure and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians must go on. Happy Mother’s Day to all of the amazing mothers out there, and especially to my wonderful wife and partner of 46 years, Grace. John is one of the finest men I know and has faithfully served this nation all his life. Any patriot would know that John McCain should be honored. … Here discussing the dangers of Takata airbags. These deadly airbags are ticking time bombs and more than half of these airbags have yet to be replaced here in Florida. We need to get all of these airbags replaced as soon as possible, which is why I’m asking the NHTSA to help.pic.twitter.com/0Y299OR7Ow With hurricane season right around the corner, the White House has quietly cancelled NASA’s Carbon Monitoring System program that provides the data researchers use to better predict climate-related events. I am calling on Congress to restore funding for this important program.pic.twitter.com/u3ZNapdLMW Good report on the need to hire more Customs officers at our busy ports and how the current shortage of CBP officers is impacting our ability to combat the opioid crisis. @marcorubio and I have called on Congress to hire 500 more CBP officers next year.  Consumers should heed the recall warnings and get their vehicle repaired as soon as possible. Failure to do so could result in death or life altering injuries. Find out if you need to get your airbag replaced by clicking here:   Florida leads the nation in deaths and injuries caused by exploding Takata airbags, according to new numbers I received from the automakers. I am calling on NHTSA to step up its efforts to get these defective airbags replaced and out of people’s cars as quickly as possible.pic.twitter.com/oIq8ilEjWq The true measure of society is how it treats its most vulnerable. I filed legislation today to protect folks from fraudulent sober homes & drug treatment centers, so anyone battling addiction can seek the help they need without becoming victims of fraud. … The state of Florida is trying to cut $100 million from Medicaid. That’s unacceptable. And that’s why @USRepKCastor and I have joined forces today in calling on the federal government to block the state’s outrageous plan.pic.twitter.com/PESgKVdfpj Federal student loan interest rates are already too high, and now they are set to go up ever more next year. This has to stop! I’m calling on Congress to pass the bill I filed to cut student loan interest rates and allow existing borrowers to refinance. We can’t wait any longer.pic.twitter.com/LDF3zCEgWU Reports today that the state of Florida failed to properly update the background check database that's used to keep mentally ill from buying a gun. That’s unacceptable. I am calling on DOJ to provide the funding needed to get this fixed ASAP.     … It was great meeting with members of the Florida Farm Bureau this afternoon to talk about the upcoming farm bill and our continued efforts to find a cure for citrus greening.pic.twitter.com/K6hdDrBNcH Despite warnings from senior diplomats, this Administration is expelling 300,000 immigrants, including more than 32,000 Haitians living in Florida. I’ve urged the Administration to reconsider this reckless decision.  I am joining 48 of my colleagues in forcing a Senate vote to restore these essential #NetNeutrality rules that ensure a free and open internet.pic.twitter.com/Wx1SQ0otWs #NetNeutrality is essential to the future of Florida. Our state’s high-tech industries and start-ups are built on the innovation made possible by a free and open internet. We should support innovation, not threaten it. The traveling public deserves to know the whole story when it comes to the FAA’s oversight of airline maintenance. I expect the inspector general to leave no stone unturned. … 3 U.S. detainees are finally on their way home from North Korea. A thanks to the Administration and all Americans who worked for years to make this happen. Joined with almost a dozen other US senators today in calling on the Dept. of Homeland Security and US Citizenship and Immigration Services to explain their decision to terminate TPS for nearly 60,000 Haitians in the US when their own internal report showed Haiti was not ready.pic.twitter.com/EBpMUzJazH Pulling out of this deal now is a tragic mistake.pic.twitter.com/S3g0AP74wc After returning from Puerto Rico, I took to the Senate floor today to tell my colleagues that we have to do more to help the people of Puerto Rico recover.pic.twitter.com/n6JJ15FKyD Another tragic shooting involving Florida law enforcement last night. We are all praying for Deputy William Gentry, his family and all the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day to keep the rest of us safe. Congratulations to all of the @bethunecookman graduates today! Thanks for letting me be a part of your big day!pic.twitter.com/8KgVBqCSlS Got a firsthand look at the Caño Martín Peña Ecosystem Restoration Project in Puerto Rico today. This project is designed to remove debris from the once-navigable canal that’s now clogged. The buildup of untreated sewage poses a health risk to 26,000 people living in the area.pic.twitter.com/7XgUfXZaba Was great talking to these guys at Las Piedras Bakery in Puerto Rico today. They’ve been struggling for months to get and maintain power, and we need to do everything we can to help them rebuild their community after the storm.pic.twitter.com/rW9aevwDG1 Junto al @SenBillNelson de #Florida llegando a una actividad del @DeptVivienda para la entrega de subsidios y títulos de propiedad. @GilEnsenatpic.twitter.com/Tyn2ddSygW Visitando el proyecto piloto solar de @Tesla que provee electricidad para 12 hogares en la cima de una montaña donde es difícil obtener servicios de energía eléctrica. Espero que en futuro toda la isla pueda tener este tipo de energía eléctrica. At @Tesla's solar pilot project serving 12 homes on top of a mountain where it's tough to get electricity to. I hope that in the future, the entire island can have this kind of electricity.pic.twitter.com/YKLDpPGL9n I'm with the governor of Puerto Rico — just drove past a group of people screaming "we want electricity!" Met with Governor of Puerto Rico and expressed my condolences for the nine Puerto Rican national guard members lost this week when their C-130 crashed in Georgia. In Puerto Rico, meeting with Secretary of Housing @GilEnsenat about the ongoing efforts to repair the houses and businesses damaged by Hurricane Maria. They are making progress, but there is still so much more work that needs to be done.pic.twitter.com/eHoGXHkoOJ I'm in Puerto Rico today with @ricardorossello to inspect the lack of electricity and housing eight months after the hurricane. I'm here to find out why it is taking so long - and to urge FEMA to get it fixed. Had a good discussion tonight in Haines City with @RepRichmond and @RepDarrenSoto about Amendment 4 on the November ballot to restore the right to vote. If you serve your time, you should be able to vote. That’s only fair. Also grateful for the opportunity to thank local firefighters for the sacrifices they make to keep our communities safe and had the chance to meet the local @4H group, sharing my experiences as a member and how herding cattle helped pay my way through college.pic.twitter.com/c381WUvkew Great meeting with local leaders in Pasco County today! We discussed the importance of speeding up the process of getting disaster relief to those impacted by Hurricane Irma, making housing more affordable, and what we need to do to combat the opioid crisis.pic.twitter.com/XCZeID2GtZ Big News today! - FEMA has just agreed to extend its TSA housing assistance program for all displaced Puerto Rican families through June 30 to allow them to, at least, finish out the current school year. Great meeting with some of our hardworking Customs officers at @PortMiami today. These officers are working overtime to keep up with the demands of a busy port. We need to hire more officers like them to help boost our economy by getting goods into the country quicker.pic.twitter.com/7sj05hOb8h CDC reports that mosquito-borne diseases have been on the rise, as FL had over 1,700 Zika cases since 2016. It’s another reason why the House needs to pass the SMASH Act, our bipartisan bill to expand mosquito control, which the Senate passed last year. … I’m glad @USDA is finally sending more federal help to our Florida citrus farmers. I fought hard to make sure this money is available to growers still hurting after Hurricane Irma. Now the state needs to make sure this funding goes straight to the farmers who need it most. Beautiful day at the Puerto Rican Parade and Festival in Orlando! It’s an honor to march alongside local community leaders and war heroes in celebration of Puerto Rican culture, which help makes Florida the strong and diverse state it is today.pic.twitter.com/Dr4IvOi8Ur Great time visiting with local leaders from the Puerto Rican community in St. Lucie County today. We discussed the recovery efforts on the island, the need for more affordable housing here in Florida, and the need for more good-paying jobs so you don’t need more than one!pic.twitter.com/YWqigQ5tHx Also met with some local Customs officers in Ft. Pierce and toured their facility. We need more of these officers around the state to deal with all the travelers, which will not only speed up the lines, it will generate economic growth simply by moving things along quicker.pic.twitter.com/92LCdLc5Yc Great meeting with local leaders in St. Lucie County this afternoon! We discussed a range of issues from helping protect our river communities from harmful algae blooms, beach renourishment projects, and the importance of protecting our beautiful beaches from offshore drilling.pic.twitter.com/1nMsBW655p The administration just unveiled their plan to roll back several key offshore drilling safety regulations put in place after the BP oil spill. They’re turning a blind eye to history and putting FL at risk just to help their friends in the oil industry. We can’t let that happen. Urging the Army Corps to begin design work on the C-23/C-24 reservoir and keep the project on track. Once complete, this project will provide additional water storage and treatment areas to help prevent the massive algae blooms we’ve seen in the St. Lucie and Indian River Lagoonspic.twitter.com/x8fsyExUME Honored to join some tireless advocates who are working on behalf of the Puerto Rican community, both in Florida and on the island. We’ve got to keep pushing to get those still hurting after Hurricane Maria the help they need.pic.twitter.com/Y0vEt9itIb Intl. travelers arriving at FL airports & seaports often face long lines and waits going through customs. It's no way to welcome people to our great state, and it’s one reason why today we called on Customs to hire 500 additional officers next year.  pic.twitter.com/ZuulGj1arx New research suggests Florida could be among the states hardest hit by climate change. Today, I introduced a bill to help coastal communities become more resilient to the impacts of sea level rise.   We must ensure fairness and competitive balance in the broadcast television market. The American people deserve nothing less. Instead, the FCC should conduct a comprehensive review of the state of broadcasting and the media and wait until the federal court renders a key decision on media consolidation before moving forward with business as usual. The FCC should immediately cease its media ownership rulemaking and its consideration of Sinclair’s deal to purchase Tribune Media, which would give that company ownership of stations reaching well over half of U.S. households.pic.twitter.com/R7uwLKLF9y The energy from these Weston high school students is contagious — they certainly have a bright future ahead and we need to do everything we can to help them pursue higher education without weighing them down with a mountain of debt.pic.twitter.com/p3G50Qp3uZ Tuve una gran reunión con @USHCC! Están haciendo un trabajo muy importante para los 4.37 millones de negocios hispanos en US, muchos de los cuales llaman la FL su hogar. Debemos asegurarnos que estas empresas no sean discriminadas y que tengan una oportunidad al Sueño Americano.pic.twitter.com/OTNRAh1SnV Great meeting with @USHCC today! They’re doing important work for the 4.37 million Hispanic-owned businesses in our country, many of which call Florida home. We must ensure these businesses do not face discrimination and get a fair shake at the American Dream!pic.twitter.com/FKi65heCEk Enjoyed meeting with space companies from @csf_spaceflight, @AIAspeaks, and @XploreDeepSpace. I’m working on commercial space legislation to boost innovation in space while creating exciting, good paying jobs on the ground!pic.twitter.com/E49Qf9ZmZR Great meeting with board members of the @evergfoundation and a surprise guest, @MissAmericaFL Sara Zeng, who is helping to spread the word about why it’s so important to restore the Everglades!pic.twitter.com/VW3KPO9O3p Today, Sen. Rubio and I introduced legislation to ensure the VA is doing everything it can to help homeless veterans find permanent housing. These brave men and women have served our country, now we have a duty to serve them.   Great speaking with the @evergfoundation today about the importance of restoring the Everglades to its natural state. We’ve got to speed up the projects that are underway, and get the planned projects off the ground because we’re running out of time. #NowOrNevergladespic.twitter.com/ahmBQCj2QG Great meeting some courageous advocates from the Alliance of Childhood Cancer this afternoon. Their strength is inspiring and I’m proud to cosponsor the Childhood Cancer STAR Act to help these kids fight back.pic.twitter.com/NOrdgvaKBd It’s with a heavy heart that we remember the lives of the Gilchrist Co. Sherriff's deputies killed in the line of duty. Sgt. Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey dedicated their lives to serving and protecting their community and they will be missed. Many folks may not be aware they’re driving around with a deadly airbag that needs to be replaced. It only takes a couple seconds to see if your life is at risk. Click here and enter your VIN number to find out:  Deadly Takata airbags are still on our roads after years of trying to get them recalled. They’re ticking time bombs and recall rates are all over the place, with millions waiting for replacements. Lives are at risk every day, and we've got to get moving. … I’ve met with dozens of Puerto Rican families who fled to Florida after the storm and are now struggling to keep a roof over their heads. They need our help. That’s why we are calling on FEMA to continue providing them the housing assistance they need. … Today is #EarthDay! We must all work together to keep good care of this special place, so it can keep care of us.pic.twitter.com/qawvuS7rj0 I’ve called on FEMA to do the right thing and extend the program to the thousands of displaced Puerto Ricans here in Florida - not just through May 14 – but through the end of the school year. I’m going to continue to push until we get this done. I’m in Kissimmee today with some of the 600 displaced families in Florida that rely on FEMA's TSA program for housing. The fight to ensure that the thousands of displaced Puerto Ricans are taken care of is far from over.pic.twitter.com/xZPI7HRyAd Great news - FEMA has agreed to extend temporary housing assistance (TSA) for ALL displaced Puerto Ricans here in Florida through May 14. No one will be evicted today! … This has to stop. We have to do more to protect our kids. … .@SenatorCantwell and I just filed a bill to prevent the administration from rolling back two key offshore drilling rules that were put in place after the 2010 BP oil spill to help prevent another disaster and better protect Florida’s beaches. We're fighting to make them law.pic.twitter.com/ieSX4dMHGt Eight years ago, the BP oil spill devastated Gulf marine life and our local economies. And now, the administration – at the behest of the oil industry -- wants to roll back the offshore safety rules put in place after the 2010 spill.pic.twitter.com/EmuBSUV27X It was great meeting with the courageous folks from the Florida Fire Chiefs’ Association today. To all of our firefighters and first responders out there, thank you for your service!pic.twitter.com/7MTj9vRTa3 El dominio del régimen Castrista en Cuba puede haber terminado, pero la lucha del pueblo cubano por las libertades fundamentales y los derechos humanos continúa. Y Estados Unidos continuará luchando con ellos siempre. Puerto Rico’s ongoing power woes are simply unacceptable – and another reason why FEMA needs to extend its Transitional Shelter Assistance program for the thousands of displaced Puerto Rican families who are still unable to return home.pic.twitter.com/zRXQiXPjJR The Castro regime’s reign in Cuba may be over, but the Cuban people’s fight for fundamental freedoms and human rights goes on. And the United States will continue to stand with them always. … Great meeting Eve Glenn, from T.R. Robinson High School in Tampa, FL, who was named this year’s “Military Child of the Year Award” for the Air Force! Our future is bright with impressive students like Eve leading the way.pic.twitter.com/o3Sdufqh6m This evening at sundown marks the beginning of #YomHaatzmaut, Israel’s 70th Independence Day! Join me in celebrating this important milestone as we renew our commitment to Israel’s security—it’s the right thing to do, and it’s in our interest too. The @NASA administrator should be a consummate space professional — not a politician. He or she must also be a leader who has the ability to bring us together on a shared vision for future space exploration.pic.twitter.com/GUgKTnnOe7 Great roundtable discussion today with officials & experts from around the country, including members of the Parkland community, to discuss how we can better protect our kids from gun violence. We all have the same goal. Now we need to keep working together to make a difference.pic.twitter.com/2ACVz8A48R This new report out today further details how the State of Florida failed to properly help people who lost their jobs due to Hurricane Irma. The people of Florida deserved better, which is why I had called on the feds to step in.  …pic.twitter.com/RpwifhyOfw Great talking with @flcounties today! Some local communities in Florida got hit especially hard when Hurricane Irma ripped across our state last year and we are still doing everything we can to get them the help they need.pic.twitter.com/BNDAeCoYWO Barbara Bush was a remarkable woman and terrific first lady. We are all saddened by the news of her passing. Met with some of the brave mothers from @StBaldricks today who are doing some amazing work to help kids fight cancer. Am proud to cosponsor the Childhood Cancer STAR Act to help provide them the tools they need to help these kids fight back.pic.twitter.com/WyQlEIdW8O Terrorist groups such as ISIS pose a serious threat to our national security, and they’re spread around the world. To help keep us safe, I just filed legislation to authorize the use of military force against these groups wherever they may be hiding.   The traveling public deserves to know whether the FAA is conducting thorough safety oversight of Allegiant Air. Anything less could lead to disastrous consequences. That's why I'm calling on the Inspector General to investigate these incidences.pic.twitter.com/Kafbb0KEE9 We can’t continue to ignore the affordable housing crisis in Florida, especially after last year’s storms. I sent a letter to Florida officials today urging them to use the $616 million in disaster assistance they will receive to help those who need it the most.pic.twitter.com/PwByaUjHlq Fantastic time speaking with the women of Delta Sigma Theta in Palm Beach with Sen. Booker this morning. Grateful for all the work they’ve done over the years and continue to do to give back to the community.pic.twitter.com/Htb76T7oP6 Great meeting with students from @floridastate and @FAMU_1887 today in Tallahassee with Sen. Booker. We talked about how we need to make college more affordable and how the latest funding bill increased support for Historical Black Colleges and Universities like FAMU.pic.twitter.com/lIGuWOY8Mh I support the attack because Assad must be held accountable for the use of chemical weapons. Honored to receive the Venezuelan Organization of Persecuted Politicos in Exile’s Rómulo Betancourt award today. The legacy of Rómulo Betancourt lives on in the people of Venezuela who are fighting against the criminal Maduro regime to restore their democracy. We stand with them!pic.twitter.com/uuwu0dLGEY Each year, more and more babies are born with an opioid dependency. And when you see one of these opioid-dependent babies, your heart just cries out. That’s why Sen. Rubio and I introduced a bill today to help provide these kids the best care possible.   Today, I met with Air Force Gen. Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy, who has been nominated to be Commander of NORTHCOM. We discussed how allowing oil rigs closer to FL not only threatens our beaches and economy, it would also threaten the military’s ability to train in the eastern Gulf.pic.twitter.com/3sRC28QEp2 We must work to ensure that the unique health needs of survivors are addressed, so they can live their remaining years in comfort and dignity. It’s a privilege to represent so many Holocaust survivors and victims’ families who have made Florida their home. On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, let us never forget the 6 million Jewish people murdered by the Nazi regime and stand against anti-Semitism and hate in all its forms. Our economy is changing and we need to change with it. As businesses look to more automation, I just filed legislation to protect workers and create job opportunities for millions of hardworking people.   Great to see our bill to help combat online sex trafficking signed into law today. Florida ranks 3rd in U.S. for number of reported sex trafficking cases. This new law will allow us to crackdown on websites that knowingly promote this activity.   Unbelievable...pic.twitter.com/rJ03BraKpk Great meeting with the Miami Chamber of Commerce today! We discussed how the new funding bill can help improve Miami’s transportation infrastructure, and how important it is to protect #Dreamers who were brought to this country at no fault of their own.pic.twitter.com/nDCyduxU5B I just asked Mark Zuckerberg if Facebook wants users to pay to not have their personal information used for targeted advertising, like his COO Sheryl Sandberg suggested on the @TODAYshow.   Here’s what he had to say:pic.twitter.com/GidOXalR7H Today is #EqualPayDay, which marks how far into the new year women have to work to catch up to what their male counterparts earned in the previous year. Women should be paid the same as men for doing the same job, that’s only fair. … If Facebook can’t fix its privacy problems, and other companies as well, then we will not have any personal privacy. Facebook failed us. Not only did they fail to safeguard the personal information of millions of users, they concealed it from us. I just met one-on-one with Mark Zuckerberg and reminded him that Facebook has a responsibility to its users to protect our personal data.pic.twitter.com/rUOFi6HCdI Just got off the phone with State Rep. Kionne McGhee. Several people dead in Liberty City. Apparently assault weapons used. Great talking with folks in Wildwood! We discussed a host of issues from the importance of protecting Medicare to legislation I’ve filed to create fuel reserves along hurricane evacuation routes, like here in Sumter County.pic.twitter.com/eDs6wlyCgi Proud today and every day of our historic effort to restore America's Everglades, protecting endangered wildlife and repairing the natural flow of water south as Mother Nature intended. Let’s keep it up. #EvergladesDaypic.twitter.com/Jtd5wHlkwi Once the bill I sponsored called SESTA is signed into law, state and local law enforcement will have new tools to stop these websites faster and victims can get their day in court while also freeing themselves from sexual slavery! Glad to see that the FBI shut down the Backpage website today – though it took far too long to happen. That website promoted the modern day slavery of women and children, including in Florida. I met with over a hundred elected officials and students from Pinellas County on a wide range of issues from transportation to beach renourishment, education, and school violence. It was a great meeting!pic.twitter.com/RX9CdJKyl6 Good news from @USDA today that help is on the way to Florida’s farmers and citrus growers impacted by last year’s storms. They’re a vital part of our economy and we’re going to keep doing everything we can to get them the help they need.  … Urging the Army Corps to provide additional funding for the Jacksonville Harbor Deepening Project, which is critical to our economy and ongoing military operations. It's expected to create 15,000 jobs and build upon the $26.9 billion in economic output the port already provides.pic.twitter.com/gNJMXmoRtP Today is #GoldStarSpousesDay. Join me in recognizing and honoring the brave families of fallen service members who have made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our nation. Insightful comments from these brave students who want real changes made to protect their communities. We’ve passed legislation in Congress to address some school safety issues, but it’s only a small step and we must do more. These students deserve nothing less.pic.twitter.com/NIS7SrUxds It’s heartbreaking to hear from a principle who’s lost students to gun violence.pic.twitter.com/LynUJQclwG In West Palm Beach today hearing from students, teachers, and local leaders who have been impacted by gun violence, discussing how we must all come together to tackle this problem once and for all.pic.twitter.com/gKbPt0utap On my way to West Palm Beach, where I’ll be joining the local Urban League to discuss gun violence and school safety with students, teachers, and community leaders. We need more affordable housing here in Kissimmee, where many folks from Puerto Rico are now living after being forced to flee their homes in the wake of Hurricane Maria.pic.twitter.com/7bL1NqLFQA Florida’s citrus industry is vital to our state’s economy. Am calling on @USDA to provide our farmers and citrus growers the assistance they still desperately need in the wake of Hurricane Irma.pic.twitter.com/MC78L6XOaM Here in Orlando, talking with students, teachers, and administrators about how we keep our schools safe and the first steps we’ve taken in Congress to address the problem of gun violence.pic.twitter.com/vyAXvX3CSb Six months after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, many of our fellow American citizens are still without electricity. I’m joining colleagues to call for new hearings on the recovery efforts, amid reports that utility repair workers are being sent home before the job is done.pic.twitter.com/MX6dPliOpF Great visit with folks at Melao Bakery in Kissimmee, talked about the delay in getting help to our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico. Also a need for affordable housing here where many folks came after their homes were destroyed.pic.twitter.com/wD9ZiCmFdw The @NationalMagLab is here to stay! Glad that @NSF renewed this grant and increased their investment in this world-renown research facility that brings thousands of scientists and students to @floridastate and generates more than 1,200 jobs every year. … On this day 50 years ago, we lost a key pillar in our nation’s history. Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s legacy lives on in every man, woman and child who grows up believing they can do anything they put their mind to, regardless of race, creed, or color. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/n5KZXX0xtf Yesterday, I flew a T-38 training mission over the Gulf Training and Test Range. Our national security depends on this test range and the instrumentation there, and oil drilling in this area is a risk we simply cannot afford to take.pic.twitter.com/oJHVrdPLWp Six months since Hurricane Maria struck Puerto Rico, the federal response has been slow and completely inadequate. Calling on President Trump with @RepDarrenSoto to help end the needless suffering.pic.twitter.com/ItBDAmZqFu Preparing for a firsthand look at how important the Eastern Gulf Test and Training Range is to our national security and why it should be off limits to oil drilling.pic.twitter.com/5Kvqi1zIxJ Great meeting with local leaders in Port St. Joe this morning! We talked about the importance of improving broadband infrastructure and how the new funding bill will increase the effectiveness at the @usairforce Gulf Training Range, which is important to our national security.pic.twitter.com/50Xhic2n9a I'm urging Sec. Zinke and Sec. Ross to stop oil and gas seismic testing in the Atlantic, because oil drilling is incompatible with our military and @NASA testing area and includes the breeding and calving grounds of the critically endangered North Atlantic right whale.pic.twitter.com/BuGQFp5Ai6 Great meeting with local leaders from Madison, Taylor, and Jefferson counties today! We discussed the good news in the new funding bill that can help restore passenger rail service to north Florida and improve broadband infrastructure in rural areas.pic.twitter.com/7sn83q2Q5H In addition to fighting to protect Medicare and Medicaid, I’ve worked on bipartisan legislation to expand access to affordable health insurance. Helping hospitals like Madison County Hospital means making sure people get the care they need to live stable, healthy lives. Toured Madison County Hospital, and discussed problems facing many rural hospitals: doctor shortages and cuts to Medicaid. Florida needs to expand Medicaid to cover 800,000 more people that do not have health care. At the Anheuser-Busch factory in Jacksonville, discussing how an aluminum tariff will hurt businesses and consumers. Their factory produces 3.3 billion aluminum cans per year, a new tax adds up to real money that consumers pay!pic.twitter.com/6dOnXbtxnT We must create sustainable local economies that can adapt to a constantly evolving landscape, which will help places like Putnam County turn the page, and come out stronger than ever before. That’s why I plan on introducing legislation when I get back to Washington that would refocus our tax laws on helping people overcome challenges like automation, globalization, and other long-term shifts in the economy. I’m here in Putnam County, a county where more than a quarter of the residents are living in poverty. Met with local leaders about how rural communities need help to adapt to a changing economy.pic.twitter.com/EZgToUrQqb Beware of scams as tax filing deadline approaches. Learn more about how to protect yourself here: … The deadline to file your taxes on April 17th is coming up soon! Find free tax preparation assistance available near you and other helpful information here:  … Glad that @TSA is sending 75 additional security personnel to @MCO to help make the security screening process quicker and easier for everyone. … Joined @RepValDemings and @RepDarrenSoto to meet with officials from @TSA and @MCO about how we can ensure passengers are moving through security quickly, while ensuring the safety of folks flying to and from Orlando. That’s why I was happy to be here today for the ribbon cutting at this new affordable housing option for seniors in Melbourne. It’s a step in the right direction, and very much needed in this community. Without meaningful support for affordable housing at all levels of government, we risk condemning a whole lot of Americans and Floridians to a life of distress and despair. Over the years, the state government in Florida has siphoned money away from trust funds designed to increase the supply of affordable housing—using that that money instead for other purposes. That’s shortsighted and it hurts hardworking Floridians. Now, Florida is experiencing an influx of people coming from Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurricane Maria, inflaming an already troubled affordable housing problem — a problem compounded by mistakes made at the state level. In Florida, around 7 in 10 of low-income renters pay more than 40% of their income to rent. To make matters worse, the growth of low-income renters in Florida has far outpaced the creation of new affordable housing units.  … The less affordable housing gets, the more unstable our communities become. In fact, studies show unstable housing conditions lead to health risks, higher rates of crime, poor academic performance, psychological costs, and the loss of community. For too long, affordable housing has been treated like a luxury, rather than a basic need. When folks can’t afford to stay in their home, they’re forced to choose between food, medicine, and a roof over their head. No one in Florida should have to make that kind of choice. It’s a great day for seniors In Melbourne! Cutting the ribbon today at a newly-renovated affordable housing complex to help provide housing to seniors on a tight budget.pic.twitter.com/yXOv9Ow8DN The RESTORE Act is working as intended: Escambia County just received $1.6 million to help make water quality improvements and Bay County just received funding for a new boat ramp. Proud to have sponsored this bill with Sen. Mary Landrieu to help us recover from the BP oil spill. Each and every veteran here today has done their part to serve our country, and I’m going to make sure our country does its part to serve them. And that’s why, together with Sen. Rubio and @SenJackReed, we’re working to enact legislation to help reduce veteran homelessness here in Florida and across our country. That’s why, together with @SenJackReed, we’ve introduced legislation to require the @DeptofDefense to provide the full details of any and all chemical and biological tests that our soldiers may have been exposed to while serving abroad, including in areas such as Vietnam. These brave warriors put their lives on the line to defend our country. And I believe we, as a nation, have a responsibility to provide them the very best care when they return home. One of the greatest honors I have serving as senator is getting to meet some of the brave men and women who have served in our nation’s military. Their strength, courage and dedication to our country never ceases to amaze me. Great to be here at the Orlando VA Medical Center at Lake Nona with @SenJackReed, touring the facilities and honoring local veterans on the 50th anniversary year of their service in Vietnam. #VietnamWarVeteransDaypic.twitter.com/HpRhPFWYBu Great to be here in Fort Lauderdale today after the congressional delegation was able to secure federal funding to build a new federal courthouse. This has been a priority for many folks, and I’m happy to finally get this done.pic.twitter.com/tj7tn1wSPa We need water storage south of Lake Okeechobee, and this plan does just that. I’m working to get @USACEHQ to approve this reservoir project ASAP, so we can protect Floridians from harmful algae blooms and continue our efforts to restore the Everglades.  …pic.twitter.com/lQyhSq9pjS It’s #ManateeAppreciationDay! We must take care of these gentle giants, which is why I’ve filed legislation to get @USFWS to help ensure they are protected.pic.twitter.com/ywoSObd1zj If you’ve done your time, you should be able to vote. It’s only fair. … Troubling report about the federal response after Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico. The people of Puerto Rico are our fellow American citizens and should be treated as such. … Today, I visited the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at St. Mary’s Medical Center in West Palm Beach to get a firsthand look at the opioid epidemic here in Florida, and talked with medical professionals about what we can do to combat this problem.pic.twitter.com/iq8YLbQ58U The spending package also includes a $60 million increase in funding for state grants to help babies born with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome get the care they need. Glad we were able to pass the spending package in Congress last week, which includes $3.3 billion in increased funding to fight the opioid epidemic and the mental health crises our country faces. In 2016, for every 1,000 babies born in Florida, 18 are born dependent on opioids. This is an increase over the previous year, where for every 1,000 newborns, 11 are born suffering from Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome. Great roundtable in Tampa, hearing from students and administrators about how we can keep our schools safe from gun violence. Discussed recent passage of federal legislation that's a first step and the work that still needs to be done to protect our communities from gun violence.pic.twitter.com/K4PbRLvj5p I'm marching to support the students marching for their lives. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/UaolX3t6xA I’m marching for their lives. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/o7YhrONjOH Great to see Superintendent @RobertwRuncie! Grateful for the work he is doing in Broward County. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/0BSWio9WT7 Great meeting some students ahead of the march. They are strong. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/ZJLyayi4rW We must keep marching beyond today and force real action that will benefit everyone in this country. We can change things, we just have to demand it. #MarchForOurLives I’m marching to require universal background checks on every purchase of a gun. And I’m marching to get these military-style assault rifles and high-capacity magazines off our streets. #MarchForOurLives I'm marching for everyone that has had their lives cut short or forever changed by gun violence. I'm marching for the children who are too young to go to school yet. And I'm marching for everyone who doesn’t want to live in fear. I'm marching for their lives. #MarchForOurLives When I talk about banana clips, I’m not talking about the hair accessory. I’m talking about an accessory to murder.pic.twitter.com/g8izQkI7rA Their hope gives me hope. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/6NaC72NEth Met with students from the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida today. They asked why we can't get commonsense gun safety legislation passed in Congress, and I told them to never give up hope, because their voices have the power to change things. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/RHyBS9nNZq It’s honor to stand with @GabbyGiffords in calling on Congress to take action to protect our communities from gun violence. Her courage is unparalleled, and her story is more powerful than words can describe. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/vYZ99IBBtq Proud to fight alongside @RepTedDeutch to protect our communities from gun violence. We won’t stop fighting. We won’t rest until the voices of these students turn into real action in Congress. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/NL06rq6pof Ahead of the marches tomorrow, it was powerful to hear from some brave students who have been affected by gun violence. I joined them in calling on Congress to take action to make our communities safer. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/EVLCXOSGeb We must do everything we can to make sure tragedies like what we saw at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, Sandy Hook, and Columbine never happen again. #NeverAgain I’m hopeful we can continue to work together on a universal background check requirement for anyone who wants to buy a gun and find a way to get these assault weapons and high-capacity magazines off our streets. We’ve shown how we can get things done to prevent gun violence – if we just work together. The fight doesn’t stop here – we need to do more if we really want to reduce the gun violence problem in our country. This includes the Fix NICS Act, which strengthens our background check system, the STOP School Violence Act, which funds programs to help keep our schools safe, and finally we can let @CDCgov do the necessary research on gun violence. With this spending bill, we’re moving a little closer to turning the voices of the students marching across the country into action. While we still have so much work to do, I am happy to see some movement on bipartisan legislation to help address gun violence in our country. Since Columbine, more than 187,000 students have been exposed to gun violence at school. When are we going to say enough is enough?  … #NeverAgain This Saturday, students will lead marches across our country to demand action and pass commonsense gun safety legislation. They just want our schools and communities to be safe. That is certainly not too much to ask, we owe it to them to get something done. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/2mTVx1OMQK Joined courageous freedom fighters @RosaMariaPaya, @cocofarinas, @PatrideCeballos, and @RJaureguiA to discuss why we need to keep up the pressure on the brutal Castro and Maduro regimes, and excited we saved funding for democracy programs in Cuba and Venezuela from proposed cuts!pic.twitter.com/t9ZuGMkKAz Kennedy Space Center, NASA could get billion-dollar boost  pic.twitter.com/gY3ojrXbQz Thrilled to announce that @NASAKennedy is in line for a huge boost to modernize its launch facilities! Not only could it create hundreds of jobs, it will help us get to Mars quicker and safer.   This spending package is great news for Florida! It includes funding to protect the Everglades and repair the Hoover dike, a new Hurricane Hunter jet, funding to fight citrus greening and the opioid epidemic, and key steps to address gun violence.  … Just learned that funding for another Hurricane Hunter jet is in the $1.3 trillion spending bill Congress will vote on this week. I've been relentless on this because 20 million Floridians are in the potential path of a hurricane & data from this aircraft saves lives & property. Thank you @RosaMariaPaya, for speaking out against the abuses of the Castro regime. Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow at @freedomhouse! … Great to see that fellow Floridian @CarltonWard held a @NatGeoMuseum talk in DC last night. His stunning photography does a great job highlighting the critical conservation issues facing our state. Protecting Florida means protecting the habitat our unique wildlife depend on.pic.twitter.com/3KnHerT1hQ NTSB chairman just told me they’re leaving no stone unturned in its probe of the FIU bridge collapse. Here’s the latest:  … The Senate just passed legislation to crack down on online sex trafficking. An untold number of women and children in Florida and across the U.S. are being sold into sexual slavery via the internet. It’s unacceptable and wrong. We can't sit by idly any longer.pic.twitter.com/Cs46Z5t3lz More evidence that Russia is propping up Maduro and his cronies while the Venezuelan people suffer. We must show Putin and Maduro that we will not tolerate this behavior. … Met with @HispanicFed this afternoon, six months to the day after Hurricane Maria tore a path of destruction across Puerto Rico. It is totally unacceptable that more than 100,000 people are still without electricity. They're our fellow American citizens!pic.twitter.com/1U9o45OOl5 Mr. Brangman’s presence at today’s hearing is a stark reminder of the human cost of these defective airbags and a reminder to everyone – especially @NHTSAgov — that we need to pick up the pace on these recalls before anyone else loses a loved one. … In 2014, we held our first hearing on defective Takata airbags, and more than three years later, there are still too many of these deadly airbags on our roads. We need to get these recalls moving, lives are at stake. FEMA is too slow in Puerto Rico. And if you did not have electricity 6 months after the storm, you'd be upset.  … Nearly 6 months after Hurricane Maria tore through Puerto Rico, lives are on the line as more than hundred thousand people are still without electricity. As hurricane season approaches, our fellow American citizens desperately need help. … I’m joining my colleagues to ask why the Army Corps of Engineers is drawing down the number of utility repair workers in Puerto Rico, despite many still without power in Caguas, Vieques, and elsewhere.pic.twitter.com/MQRhG3Szxz Glad to see the administration heeded my warning last week about the need to crack down on the criminal Maduro regime’s use of cryptocurrency. Maduro must not be allowed to circumvent U.S. sanctions.   The Mueller investigation must not be impeded or obstructed in any way. The American people deserve to see this through to its conclusion. The manatees need our help. We must do more to protect these gentle giants that grace Florida’s waters, which is why I've filed legislation to get @USFWS to help ensure we protect these magnificent creatures.  …pic.twitter.com/mlTRhvaE3Q The first #StPatricksDay was not in Boston in 1737, nor was the first St. Patrick's Day parade in New York in 1762. It was just discovered that the first St. Patrick's Day in the New World was celebrated by an Irish priest in St. Augustine, Florida in 1600, with a parade in 1601.pic.twitter.com/YGESZzuHKP This week I asked my colleagues to take up legislation immediately to treat gun violence as the public health crisis that it is and fund the necessary research at the CDC. Gun violence is hurting our communities -- we need to take meaningful action and this is an important step.pic.twitter.com/dx3hOqSiI7 Just asked @USDOT to turn over records related to the engineering, design, construction, safety and inspection of the bridge that collapsed yesterday at @FIU. We need a clear understanding of who had what role in this tragedy and hold them accountable.  … Great news for Florida! Not only will this strengthen our national security, it will be a boost to the central Florida economy! … My condolences go out to Lt. Caleb Nathaniel King’s and Lt. Cmdr. James Brice Johnson’s families and the entire @USNavy. I’ve asked the Navy to investigate the cause of the crash immediately. … Agree with Marjory Stoneman Douglas student @Emma4Change, arming teachers is a really bad idea. … Great meeting with the next @USCG Commandant, Vice Admiral Karl Schultz this week. Thankful for the brave men and women of the Coast Guard for assisting nearly 38,000 people last year alone, including almost 12,000 people during hurricane season. Semper Paratus.pic.twitter.com/JGgPD5rm07 Just talked to @NTSB Chairman Sumwalt who confirmed he’ll be launching and leading an investigation into the bridge collapse at @FIU. My heart goes out to the victims and the families affected by this tragic bridge collapse at @FIU. Just spoke with the President of @FIU, Mark Rosenberg, regarding the collapsed pedestrian bridge and offered to help in any way I can and I'm calling Sec. of Transportation Chao to ask the NTSB to investigate what went wrong. … It’s becoming clear that no one really knows what offshore drilling deal Secretary Zinke cut with the governor of Florida, including Zinke himself. More and more, it’s beginning to sound like no deal really exists and, as feared, it’s all one big political sleight of hand.pic.twitter.com/tQybDsLoke Why did it take the Trump administration so long to impose any sanctions at all on Russia? Eight months ago, Congress passed legislation to impose sanctions by an overwhelming vote. This should have been done months ago and we still have work to do to hold Putin accountable.pic.twitter.com/eaa3JY25EV Arming teachers is a terrible idea. … Let’s keep building on this momentum. We can create the change we seek, we just have to keep at it. #NationalWalkoutDaypic.twitter.com/4eGXPy7dUQ Keep on marching and keep on speaking out. #NationalWalkoutDaypic.twitter.com/DbJW3f5rql Met with @leagueofcities this morning about expanding broadband internet access, restoring voting rights to folks who have done their time, making our cities safer through commonsense gun safety measures, and how investing in infrastructure moves everyone forward together.pic.twitter.com/HY2BcD0c6h Joined the students protesting out front of the Capitol today. So much energy and determination in these kids. They’re counting on us to act and we can’t let them down. #NationalWalkoutDaypic.twitter.com/1pEINKjBls Saddened at the loss of a brilliant man who overcame impossible odds to help us understand the mysteries of the cosmos. … These students continue to amaze and inspire us. Now, we must turn their voices into action. #NationalWalkoutDaypic.twitter.com/zNLIXv0o2N Standing with all the high school students in Florida and around the country on #NationalWalkoutDay who are demanding action to make sure the gun violence that we saw in Parkland never happens again. #NeverAgain … We must accept the reality that the climate is changing. Not only must we recognize this reality, we must take action. #TimeToWakeUp Fact: Seas are rising.pic.twitter.com/jHQfB2X2fn Fact: Sea surface temperatures are rising.pic.twitter.com/VlmRCRvZad Fact: Global surface temperatures are rising.pic.twitter.com/7kZHVgNDBk Facts are facts, and they’re not up for debate. Here are some climate facts that we just can’t ignore: .@NASA recently released climate data showing that 2017 was the second-hottest year on record after 2016, and now 17 of the 18 warmest years since record keeping began have occurred since 2001.  pic.twitter.com/EKwHNw8LdP Climate change also threatens our national security. The Dept. of National Intelligence's new Worldwide Threat Assessment states that climate change and threats to our environment are "likely to fuel economic and social discontent -and possibly upheaval."  … A new report is also sounding the alarm that sea turtles are already feeling the effects of climate change. Almost all sea turtles being born now are female. … While some want to deny the reality of climate change, or that it is some far off problem for future generations to address, doctors in Florida are sounding the alarm to the public health risk it is posing today, right now. … Climate change is real, and we must take action to protect ourselves. Denial of this scientific reality is simply not an option, especially in Florida. From the rising seas that flood our cities, to bleached coral and more frequent and ferocious hurricanes, we must take action to combat climate change now. The longer we put it off, the harder it will be to protect ourselves.pic.twitter.com/FCMAF6mcUN Just joined @SenWhitehouse and a group of my colleagues on the Senate floor to urge action to combat climate change. We can't sleep on this issue, it's #TimeToWakeUp to the threats of climate change. Is Florida on or off the table when it comes to offshore drilling? Depends on the day, it seems. Sec. Zinke just admitted in front of a Senate committee that Florida is "still in the process," confirming his previous announcement was a political stunt.  …pic.twitter.com/M3tESIJFHu There is chaos in the Trump administration’s Department of State. Now Secretary Tillerson is gone, and an undersecretary just got fired. It's time to clamp down and become professional in our foreign relations.pic.twitter.com/c0JHyVcScI There are many pieces of bipartisan legislation I’m supporting as first steps, but none have come to a vote. We need to get something done. And if we’re serious about stopping gun violence, we need to get assault rifles off our streets and require universal background checks.pic.twitter.com/oQn3u6PRUR Arming teachers is a terrible idea. It’s not what the students want, it’s not what the teachers want, it’s not what law enforcement wants, and it’s not what the American people want.pic.twitter.com/wnxlMI021y Great meeting with the Florida delegation of @JDRF today. These bright kids caught me up to speed on the technological breakthroughs being made in the treatment of Type 1 diabetes, like the artificial pancreas. We must continue funding these programs, so we can find a cure.pic.twitter.com/eYAqgu1VSX Just sent a letter to Sec. Mnuchin to ask what steps @USTreasury is taking to ensure that the corrupt Maduro regime in Venezuela, which is responsible for numerous human rights violations, cannot undermine sanctions through the use of cryptocurrencies.pic.twitter.com/0TupFjqRxf The answer to protecting our kids and communities is not more guns in our schools or arming teachers. That's a terrible idea. We should be focused on expanding background checks and getting these military-style assault rifles off the streets. Florida’s waterways should stay clean and clear of toxic chemicals. That’s why @RepTedDeutch and I asked the EPA to make sure there’s public input. And they need to take public health into account, especially for our children and seniors. … Sea turtle nesting season is upon us! Help protect these spectacular creatures by leaving your flashlights at home if you're on the beach at night, keep an eye out for posted signs about sea turtle nests nearby, and as always, keep our beaches clean.  …pic.twitter.com/3fqKwHX32X Many residents of Immokalee walk or bike to work and school, but unfortunately a lot of the roads do not have sidewalks or streetlights, making it dangerous. Great working with local leaders to help secure funding to make Immokalee safer & more accessible. … .@SenBillNelson calls Fla. gun bill a "first step" but said "if we really want to do something to combat gun violence, like what we saw in Parkland, we must require universal background checks on the purchase of a gun and get these assault rifles off our streets." Bill Nelson again pushes Ryan Zinke on off-shore drilling   via @ScottFist #FlaPolpic.twitter.com/y0xvrszhB0 Today marks 11 years since Bob Levinson disappeared while working in Iran. We've got to keep up the pressure on Iran to help bring Bob home, and I urge the Senate to take up legislation I've sponsored to punish those involved in taking Americans hostage. … Help #ProtectOurCoast from offshore drilling by submitting a public comment opposing @Interior’s reckless plan that threatens our state. The public comment period closes tonight; speak out now to help protect our beautiful beaches:  pic.twitter.com/IQ5t6UW11f Before the comment period closes tonight, I just sent another letter to @SecretaryZinke to stress the importance of not allowing oil drilling off Florida’s coast. In addition to the economic and environmental risks, it poses a direct threat to our national security interests.pic.twitter.com/k6VRHHUNBq Congratulations to Vasundara Govindarajan, an incredibly talented 8th-grader who won her 4th Miami-Dade Spelling Bee in a row and is now headed to compete in the National Spelling Bee! The future is bright with young women like Vasundara leading the way. … I've met so many courageous young women speaking out following the tragedy in Parkland, Florida. Students like @Emma4Change, @JaclynCorin, @delaneytarr, and so many others I've met over the last few weeks make me so hopeful for the future of our country. #InternationalWomensDay An important sign of progress in recognizing the important role that women have had in Florida is the passage of legislation paving the way for civil rights icon Mary McLeod Bethune to be honored with a statue and represent Florida in the U.S. Capitol.pic.twitter.com/AS2uSXqjIh Today, I’m cosponsoring a Senate Resolution introduced by @SenCortezMasto that recognizes the contributions of Hispanic women to the United States and the work that still needs to be done to ensure Hispanic women have the same opportunities as their male counterparts. Since my first days in the Florida House, I've fought to protect women and make sure they're treated equally under the law and continue that fight in the U.S. Senate today. Women make our communities strong, and I’ll tell you I’m not sure what I would do without my wife Grace as my full partner. I’m in awe of her dedication to give back to the community every chance she gets.pic.twitter.com/r403pre2V4 Today is #InternationalWomensDay! Women across the world, the nation, and the state of Florida are a critical part in making the world a better place. We must always fight to ensure women are treated equally, because we all benefit when everyone gets the respect they deserve. Florida is growing by a thousand people a day and desperately needs infrastructure improvements. You can’t toll your way out this problem, so I've joined my colleagues to develop a plan that works. Read our plan here:  …pic.twitter.com/Gmete8CXlj WATCH LIVE: Join us as we hear testimony from Marjory Stoneman Douglas student @davidhogg111, @fred_guttenberg, and others affected by gun violence who are demanding action to protect our communities.  … #AmericaSpeaksOut Join @SenStabenow and I at 4PM ET as we host a hearing today with Marjory Stoneman Douglas student @davidhogg111, @fred_guttenberg, and others affected by gun violence who are demanding action to protect our communities. We will be streaming the hearing live. #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/tl8tp8f6IL Enjoyed speaking at the @OceanLeadership forum today. I discussed how the Deepwater Horizon disaster forever changed our state, what we learned from it & how legislation like the RESTORE Act can secure funding to advance ocean science and technology that benefits us all. #PPF2018pic.twitter.com/5Uz0XbQ9MG FEMA is currently providing shelter to more than a thousand families in Florida who fled their homes after Hurricane Irma. This program expires in just a few days, and I hope the state of Florida and FEMA work together on an extension so these families can get the help they need. Russia’s cyber operations are an attack on the very foundation of our democracy, and we ought to start defending ourselves. Until the Trump administration takes action, Vladimir Putin is going to continue to get away with this.pic.twitter.com/nnubpwMgsR Citrus growers in Florida are hurting after their groves were devastated by Hurricane Irma, and the disaster assistance they need has yet to arrive. Talked with Sec. Perdue at USDA about speeding up this process, and he said help will arrive within weeks, not months. Always great meeting with the hardworking and courageous firefighters that risk their lives to keep Floridians safe. From supporting research into cancers that affect too many firefighters to working to make healthcare more affordable, I've got their back.pic.twitter.com/JF89lKDpdj What happened in Parkland must never happen again and this bill, like many other bipartisan proposals I’ve supported, is a commonsense measure that helps advance the conversation and congressional efforts around school safety and comprehensive gun reform. … It's been nearly six months since Hurricane Irma hit Florida, and almost a month after Congress passed the disaster funding to help Florida's fisheries, citrus growers and communities across the state. They're still waiting to get the help they need, which is simply unacceptable.pic.twitter.com/ZzmDFK0qvc Just called Commerce Sec. Ross and urged him to help get the NOAA disaster funding provided by Congress to areas of Florida still recovering from Hurricane Irma. Our fishermen need help, and debris still litters the canals and is threatening to damage coral.pic.twitter.com/xWqTb3y0LO Just signed onto a bill to require the FBI to notify state law enforcement within 24 hours if someone who fails a background check tries to buy a gun. … These military-style assault rifles inflict such severe damage, they should be relegated to the battlefield. They simply don’t belong on our streets. … Happy Birthday, Florida! It's an incredible privilege to represent the people of this great state in the U.S. Senate.pic.twitter.com/YRCztc1oWd Met with a group of local teachers and school administrators in Tallahassee today to hear from them and discuss what needs to be done to make sure another tragedy like the one we saw at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High never happens again. #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/mEmEgL6bcF Great talking with @JoeNBC this morning on @Morning_Joe about what we need to do to enact commonsense measures to combat this epidemic of gun violence. In order to solve this problem, we’ve got to bring people together – not divide people.pic.twitter.com/KtYEm4xwxE It's the first day of #WomensHistoryMonth! Did you know that a computer used to be a person who did complex mathematical equations by hand? And, almost all of the computers were women. For more:  pic.twitter.com/yi1JPWPhNh Vladimir Putin is no friend of the United States. He's an old soviet-style KGB officer who is trying to use this video as an intimidation tactic. And until the Trump administration starts cracking down on Russia, Putin is going to keep getting away with this. … Arming teachers is NOT the answer. … Massacres like this shouldn't happen in a school, in a nightclub, in a church, or at a concert. It shouldn't happen at all. So, why does it? Our refusal to act. We can’t let what happened fade into a memory like so many other tragedies. Let's do the right thing and take action.pic.twitter.com/Ss4KEXmDI4 Trump shuts out Bill Nelson from meeting on guns  Thinking of everyone at Marjory Stoneman Douglas as they return to school today. Your courage and determination in wake of this tragedy has been tremendous; and we are all with you as you return to class today. #NeverAgain Great talking with members of Disabled American Veterans today to discuss how we can improve the quality of care we are providing our veterans when they return home from the battlefield.pic.twitter.com/Ymz8Kh0tv1 It’s time for us to come together – not as Republicans or Democrats, but as human beings – to enact commonsense gun safety measures to keep our communities safe.pic.twitter.com/gpqkYC1vWa Met with some courageous young students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School visiting D.C. today. Their hope gives me hope. Their determination gives me determination. We need to do everything we can to make sure another tragedy like this never happens again. #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/6EDIucfTs2 Powerful words from one of the doctors who treated some of the victims of the Parkland school shooting on why we need to get these military-style assault rifles off our streets. … Instead of listening to students & parents, Gov. Scott’s plan bows to the NRA’s demands. It does not expand criminal background checks or ban assault rifles, such as the AR-15. Raising the age to 21 is the bare minimum. We need to get these assault rifles off our streets. This is a win-win-win. It’s good for UCF and Florida, it’s good for Puerto Rico, and it will enable thousands of scientists who do research at Arecibo each year to continue their work. … No one should have to go through what these high school students are going through. Common sense says we should get these assault rifles off of our streets and have criminal background checks in acquiring guns. I grew up on a ranch. I've always had guns and I've hunted all my life. An AR-15 is not for hunting; it's for killing.pic.twitter.com/acbhJp4t5S .@SenBillNelson: "Your hope gives he hope. Your determination gives me more determination." Calls for assault weapon ban, stronger background checks.pic.twitter.com/pJt1UwZF8g I’m about to take the stage at the @CNN #StudentsStandUp Town Hall in Parkland, Florida at 9 p.m. Tune in here to watch:  I’ll be there. … Florida Senator Bill Nelson on school shooting: 'This tragedy should never happen again'  pic.twitter.com/z7IUbgyYhG Sen. Nelson: "I have always had guns, since I was a little boy. I have hunted all my life... But an AR-15 is not for hunting, it's for killing."pic.twitter.com/vrM4Ftw233 Sen. Bill Nelson says "maybe this will be the turning point," for bringing up 'common sense' legislation in wake of deadly shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, "because in fact, enough is enough."  pic.twitter.com/bEy0hWFKrC The Senate, led by Florida Sen. Bill Nelson, held a moment of silence Thursday for the victims of the Parkland school shooting.  pic.twitter.com/kbsilyJnb8 Let's just not talk about it. Let's do something about it. Let's make what happened at Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school a pivotal moment in this country's history, not because it was one of the largest mass shootings — but hopefully because it was the last.pic.twitter.com/5Xv4dXbNV4 If now is not the time to talk about gun violence, when is the time? How many more folks have to die? Let's have a conversation about this right now - not just about mental illness or protecting our schools - let's get to the root cause and get assault weapons off our streets.pic.twitter.com/NIQt0oQtEH At some point we've got to say enough is enough. At some point we as a society have got to come together and put a stop to this. I’m a hunter, I’ve owned guns all my life. An AR-15 is not for hunting. It's for killing. Let’s get these assault weapons off our streets.pic.twitter.com/ck6svgSmtN Sandy Hook, Pulse nightclub, Ft. Lauderdale airport, Las Vegas and now Parkland, Florida - when is this going to stop? It’s not going to stop until the American people say: enough is enough! What is it going to take for enough to be enough?pic.twitter.com/SVJzvlJzsR Our worst fears are being realized. It looks like it’s a number of fatalities. Praying for all those students, families and school members affected at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Praying for everyone at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Just spoke with Broward Undersheriff to ensure they have everything they need. And just spoke to FBI to make sure all federal resources are being made available to help. Will continue to monitor closely. Russia is once again attempting to influence our upcoming elections, and we need to put a stop to it now. Today, I called on the military to step-up and go on the offensive to disrupt this Russian activity and deter Putin from continuing to disrupt our elections.pic.twitter.com/BFAiZJUHKu The Trump administration now wants Floridians to pay $200M to speed up work on the Lake O dike. That’s absurd. Congress just gave the Army Corps all the money it needs to fully fund this project and get it done by 2022. … Just took to the Senate floor to urge my colleagues to come together and help us reach a bipartisan agreement to protect our #Dreamers.pic.twitter.com/YDsvqK9n1Q The administration’s budget for @NASA is a nonstarter. Turning off the lights and walking away from our sole outpost in space at a time when we’re pushing the frontiers of exploration makes no sense. … Rooting for these talented Floridians participating in the PyeongChang Winter Olympics! … Black history and American history are woven together, inseparable and boundless. African Americans have helped shape our nation into what it is today, and make our nation stronger each passing day. Thank you, @RepValDemings for your bold leadership. #BlackHistoryMonth … In honor of #BlackHistoryMonth we remember today Dorothy Vaughan and her contributions as @NASA's first black supervisor. Her legacy was brought to the big screen, portrayed by Octavia Spencer, in the movie "Hidden Figures." For more about Dorothy go to:  pic.twitter.com/J4ezdGeFAF I’m calling on President Trump to make good on his promise to help bring down the costs of prescription drugs. No one should have to choose between putting food on their table or paying the cost of their prescription drugs.pic.twitter.com/p8teLqgi12 In West Palm Beach today, meeting with local community leaders to discuss how the recently passed disaster-assistance bill may have just cleared the way for us to fully fund the Herbert Hoover Dike rehabilitation project and get it finished by 2022, instead of 2025.pic.twitter.com/Ez8Iv40lHB Good news! Sec. Ross just agreed to declare a fishery disaster declaration for Florida’s waters in the wake of Hurricane Irma. This is good news for our fishermen who are still struggling to recover from last year’s storm.pic.twitter.com/Z4KI61Bv59 Sen. Rubio and I are calling on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to use some of the $10.4 billion in disaster assistance they received to speed up work on the Herbert Hoover Dike and finish the project by 2022, instead of 2025.pic.twitter.com/tvgNwLQgax Thank you @senschumer @senbillnelson @senatormenendez @senatorleahy and others for your hard work & unwavering commitment to Puerto Rico #DisasterReliefpic.twitter.com/S4euCa4Me2 Senate just approved $90 billion in disaster assistance to help people in Florida and Puerto Rico recover from last year’s hurricanes. This is a big win for all those who are still struggling to recover from these devastating storms.pic.twitter.com/vMDWmd3G55 We got $6 billion included in this budget deal to help combat the opioid crisis. 5,200 people died in Florida in 2016 because of opioids, a 35% increase from the year before. This funding couldn't come at more urgent time. I'm happy to say that we finally have a path forward to provide the people of Florida and Puerto Rico with some much needed disaster relief after last year’s storms. I took to the Senate floor earlier to urge my colleagues to pass this bill immediately.pic.twitter.com/GpqwDhzwNj Senate leaders have agreed to close Medicare's "donut hole" by 2019 as part of the budget deal. Closing this coverage gap will save seniors thousands of dollars every year on their Rx drugs. It also saves taxpayers about $9 billion over ten years. That's a win-win for everyone. We got several important things included in this budget deal including $2.3 billion to help FL’s ag & citrus growers, $2.7 billion to help our schools, $2 billion to rebuild Puerto Rico’s power grid and $15 billion for Army Corps to use for things such as the Lake O dike. The administration, specifically Secretary Zinke, is playing fast and loose with the prospect of drilling off of Florida’s coast. The American people deserve better than this. And Floridians deserve to know what's going on.pic.twitter.com/31sCGskdzd Russian attempts to influence our elections are attacks on the very foundation of our Democracy. This is not a partisan issue. It can happen to both sides. The Russians are trying to divide us and undermine faith in our Democracy. The U.S. must do more to deter these attacks.pic.twitter.com/euyD8HxCh4 Today’s test launch of the #FalconHeavy is a spectacular demonstration of the comeback of Florida’s Space Coast, which is succeeding in a big way. It’s good news for our space program. It's good news for national security. And it's great news for jobs and the economy.pic.twitter.com/NiBgfWcybE Congratulations, @SpaceX! Amazing!pic.twitter.com/MvR3xNyh3r I'm also calling on Senate leaders to include additional disaster assistance for Puerto Rico in the spending bill, to help rebuild their electrical grid and prevent an even greater health care crisis on the island.  pic.twitter.com/vF83cNkGEw I'm calling on Senate leaders to include disaster assistance for Florida in the spending bill. Our schools need help after the influx of new students from Puerto Rico, citrus growers need help after their crop was wiped out, and we must complete work on the Herbert Hoover Dike.pic.twitter.com/p6o7DcyGEu Hoping for another historic day on Florida’s Space Coast today. Excited to watch the world's most powerful rocket since the Saturn V launch from the same pad I launched from aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia. … According to the Director of the CIA, Russia’s influence activities continue in the U.S. I just sent a letter to Secretary Mattis, urging the Pentagon to take steps necessary to prepare for and engage Russian attempts to influence our upcoming elections in November. … Throughout our nation’s history, we’ve seen great African American leaders, activists, public servants and war heroes dedicate their lives to making our society more equal, just and inclusive for all. While we’ve made progress, we still have a long way to go. #BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/WzFPVpGlvR Violent crime in Puerto Rico is on the rise as nearly 1/3 of the island remains without power. Sen. Rubio and I have asked DOJ to send any additional law enforcement resources necessary to help protect the people of Puerto Rico as they continue to recover. … By releasing this memo, the President of the United States is undermining the credibility of our intelligence community and serving a huge victory to Vladimir Putin, the Russian government, and many other intelligence services. This is the rocket that will take us to Mars! … More needs to be done to combat the opioid crisis. The administration declared a public health emergency in October but allocated no new funding. Today, I asked GAO to review the administration’s actions to combat this crisis to ensure all available resources are being used.pic.twitter.com/X54IkBBcNx These 9-1-1 outages in West Central Florida today are unacceptable. I have been in contact with the companies involved to find out what happened and what’s being done to make sure it never happens again. The people of Puerto Rico are still struggling to recover from two massive hurricanes, and cutting off aid to them now would have been a travesty. Reversing this disastrous decision was the right thing to do. … The American people are sick and tired of all the partisan politics in Washington. We need leaders who are willing to put aside party politics & work together. We need a president who will not only call for more bipartisanship, but shows he’s willing to work in a bipartisan way.pic.twitter.com/7iBHfOsIBq The Senate just sent a bill to the president requiring amateur athletic governing bodies, such as USA Gymnastics, to immediately report sexual abuse. By putting these new safeguards into law to protect athletes from abuse, we send the message this cannot & must not happen again.pic.twitter.com/8d81fipr0X The people of FL are still struggling to recover from last year’s storms. Our schools are stretched thin, our citrus farmers are in peril and we need more affordable housing. Today, I called on the Senate to immediately take up a disaster bill to provide FL the funding it needs.pic.twitter.com/sGzLbSfLpK If the people of any other state were being neglected like the people of Puerto Rico have been in the wake of this storm, there would be an outrage. They're our fellow US citizens and deserve the same care and protection that we would provide any other citizens in a time of need.pic.twitter.com/LckIoiN361 FEMA cutting food & water aid to Puerto Rico, while more than 1/3 of the island is still without power, is a travesty. Heading to Senate floor shortly to call on the administration to reverse this disastrous decision & continue providing the people of PR with the help they need. … The Trump administration is trying to undo several safety rules put in place after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster. These rules were put in place to prevent another disaster from occurring. Here’s the letter I just sent to Sec. Zinke opposing this reckless plan.pic.twitter.com/vhoBDwN41w Today, Ewart’s Army gathers in Defuniak Springs to celebrate Lt. Ewart Sconiers’ life and enduring legacy. Decades after making the ultimate sacrifice for our nation during WWII, he has finally come home. Grateful for everyone who made today possible and all those who’ve served.pic.twitter.com/JeeDKxA4Qm While “basic economy” airline fares may seem like a good deal, they may end up costing you more. Airlines need to let consumers know upfront what they’re really getting.pic.twitter.com/xpxCLixlro The administration is still considering drilling off Florida’s coast, despite the threat it poses to our entire state. We must keep up the fight, please take a moment to submit a comment opposing this reckless plan now:  pic.twitter.com/24TWkzanPN Congratulations to Molly Winters Diallo on being recognized as Miami-Dade's Teacher of the Year! Great teachers not only impart wisdom to their students, they inspire them to reach for the stars and cheer them on along the way. … If the administration plans to abruptly pull us out of the International Space Station in 2025, they're going to have a fight on their hands. This would likely decimate FL’s commercial space industry and hinder our ability to experiment in low-Earth orbit. … Congratulations to the @bethunecookman’s Marching Wildcats for being selected to perform in the 16th annual Honda Battle of the Bands this Saturday! #HBOBpic.twitter.com/zXiOQODowO I just voted to confirm R.D. James as the new head of the Army Corps of Engineers. When I spoke with him in November, he assured me that restoring the Everglades and speeding up repairs on the Herbert Hoover Dike would be two of his top priorities.pic.twitter.com/8fxsROOYWa As long as we have existed, people all over the world have looked up at the stars and wondered what's out there. Space is the common frontier of all humanity and what they sacrificed is not forgotten & not in vain. We stand on their shoulders as we continue to explore the heavens … I just voted against Alex Azar, Trump’s nominee to head HHS, because he failed to provide any assurances that he would protect Medicare or Medicaid. These programs are too important to the people of Florida.pic.twitter.com/o1Jsmfaf1k Just finished meeting with a bipartisan group of more than 35 senators to discuss next steps forward to protect Dreamers. I am hopeful we can get this done before Feb. 8. On my way to today's Commerce Committee hearing on autonomous vehicles, a car in front of me decided to suddenly pull a U-turn across several lanes of traffic, and I instantly thought an autonomous car wouldn’t do that!pic.twitter.com/lRL6R487Dv Great to hear from Dr. Randy Avent, President of Florida Polytechnic University, and other leaders working on autonomous vehicles during today’s Commerce Committee hearing at the Washington Auto Show.pic.twitter.com/51fYbnnrMr The fight to protect Florida from offshore drilling is not over. A senior Trump official admitted Friday that Florida is NOT “off the table” for drilling and “is still being considered.” We must continue to fight. Glad to see Florida’s delegation is sticking together.pic.twitter.com/YFfD9w86lV There are still many Floridians who are struggling to recover and unable to return to their homes following Hurricane Irma. Sen. Rubio and I have asked FEMA to extend its Transitional Shelter Assistance program to provide these displaced Floridians the assistance they need.pic.twitter.com/I3r9Gse4GZ Congrats, @SenDuckworth! … It’s only fair: If you do your time, you ought to be able to vote.  Proud of the bipartisanship shown in the Senate today to reopen the government and provide a new path forward on several other important bills to protect Dreamers, fund the military and provide Florida the disaster assistance it needs.pic.twitter.com/mwiZW4Ccls This is a win for bipartisanship. For days, I've been working with a group of moderate senators to end the shutdown & get a commitment to take up other bills. As a result, there is now a path forward to help Dreamers, fund the military and provide disaster assistance to Florida. The past couple of days, a group of bipartisan senators has been meeting to resolve the impasse of the shutdown. I am confident that our suggestions are being accepted to move forward positively.  This is a serious situation, not a time for partisan politics. I am in the Capitol right now working hard to bring people together to reach a bipartisan consensus. Another reason I voted against the CR was because it failed to provide Florida the hurricane disaster assistance it still desperately needs. Especially hurt was Florida’s citrus industry. It's now teetering on the brink of bankruptcy unless we can get them some help immediately. These short-term funding bills are hurting our national security and, at some point, we have a responsibility to say enough is enough. Now efforts have intensified at a bipartisan solution. I am hopeful that an agreement may be reached in the next couple of days.pic.twitter.com/NIVMK7mbS3 We have been working under a #ContinuingResolution for three years now. Our current CR expires tomorrow, 19 Jan. This is wasteful and destructive. We need a fully-funded #FY18budget or face ramifications on our military. Just got off the phone with Amazon. Told them how Miami would love to welcome back its hometown boy, Jeff Bezos, and why I thought the “gateway to Latin America” would be the perfect location for Amazon’s HQ2. I’ve placed a hold on all of the administration’s @Interior nominees in the Senate until Sec. Zinke publishes a new plan that keeps the current moratorium in place and fully protects all of Florida’s coasts. … Sound the alarm: Despite their claim that Florida is now “off the table” for new drilling, the maps Interior officials showed at the first public meeting this week to discuss the new plan showed the waters off Florida are still very much open to drilling. … Amazon just announced that Miami is one of the top 20 cities it is now considering for its new headquarters. The move could bring 50,000 new jobs to the Miami area! Will be speaking with Amazon officials later today to make the case for Miami. … Great news! $3.65M in grants have been awarded to fight citrus greening, a devastating disease that has wiped out nearly half of Florida’s iconic citrus industry in just the last 10 years. I’ve visited the @UF facility working on this, and they’re doing phenomenal work.pic.twitter.com/BZOCtNDDAE I’m fighting with everything I’ve got to protect Florida’s coast from offshore drilling and I need your help. If you haven’t already, please take a moment to submit your comment on the administration’s plan to open up nearly all federal waters to drilling:   #NetNeutrality has overwhelming public support, and now we are only one vote shy of reversing the FCC’s egregious net neutrality repeal in the Senate! With your help, we can restore the free and open internet. … Fantastic time meeting Ms. Pearline Sherman and working with #HabitatForHumanity to help spruce up her home this afternoon alongside @MayorKriseman and a terrific group of volunteers. #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/vkqAW1Rjsj Great talking with so many folks here at the St. Pete #MLKDay Parade, including Pinellas Co. Commissioner Ken Welch, local St. Pete Police Chief Tony Holloway and Sergeant T.L. Hubble. Thankful for everyone who works to strengthen their communities, Dr. King would be proud.pic.twitter.com/mbF2ZwShUB Today we celebrate the legacy and teachings of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. that live on to this day. Let’s honor his legacy by renewing our efforts to create a more just, tolerant, and compassionate society that he envisioned. #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/YxNXEfONGW Congrats to the @Jaguars! Next stop: AFC Championship Game! Sad to learn that legendary broadcaster Keith Jackson has passed away. As I remember some great games over the years his voice is etched in my mind and will live on in the memory of football fans across the nation. … Florida is stronger because of our Haitian community. The president needs to understand that and he need to start treating others with the respect and dignity they deserve. … Honored to receive Environment Florida’s 2017 Environmental Champion award. Florida’s unique environment is what makes our state so great - and I will never stop fighting to protect it.pic.twitter.com/OGzh3z2sjb Great meeting so many young people who are inspired to carry on the fight to protect Florida’s environment and restore the River of Grass to its natural beauty at today’s #Everglades Coalition Conference.pic.twitter.com/zIcSj0D1hY On this day eight years ago, a powerful earthquake struck Haiti claiming more than 100,000 lives and causing many to flee after their homes were destroyed. Join me at 4:53PM for a moment of silence to remember those who we lost that tragic day. Great talking with the hundreds of people who attended our town hall on Puerto Rico today. I’m taking their message to Washington, and I will never stop fighting for Puerto Rico to get the help they need and deserve.pic.twitter.com/vmMf2YyXnj No American should have to go through what the people of Puerto Rico are still going through right now. No human being should have to go through what the people of Puerto Rico are going through right now. Here in Kissimmee at a town hall discussing the situation in Puerto Rico. They need our help, and there is simply no excuse for the sluggish response. They’re our fellow American citizens and should be treated as such.pic.twitter.com/pZGenGbLTD The President should represent all of the people, not just some selected favorites, and should treat others with respect and dignity. These are American values and this White House has strayed from them.  While others are choosing to play politics with this issue, here’s the bill I filed yesterday that would permanently ban drilling off Florida’s coast. #ProtectOurCoastpic.twitter.com/m1yqWfQHfl The devil is in the details. We still don’t know what Sec. Zinke really means when he said offshore drilling was “off the table” for Florida, but what we do know is that it was a political stunt and other states should be able to exclude themselves from this plan as well.pic.twitter.com/iChNi6q5yU Florida’s environment and economy shouldn’t be used as political football to be tossed around. Today, I filed legislation to permanently ban drilling off of Florida’s coast.pic.twitter.com/QRmPl3RCMd This political stunt from Secretary Zinke has left us with a lot of unanswered questions. If the administration does in fact have a new offshore drilling plan that takes Florida “off the table,” the public has a right to see it. #GiveUsTheDetails #ShowUsThePlanpic.twitter.com/XgDZ2gV4KR Begs the question: If this was a real deal to take Florida off the table - and not just a political stunt - why doesn’t it apply to other similarly situated states. … I have spent my entire life fighting to keep oil rigs away from our coasts. This is a political stunt orchestrated by the Trump administration to help Rick Scott who has wanted to drill off Florida's coast his entire career. We shouldn’t be playing politics with the future of FL. … The FCC turned its back on consumers by allowing internet providers to decide what websites people see, how fast they see them, and how much they have to pay for access. I’m standing with my colleagues to force a vote on #NetNeutrality to protect the free and open internet.pic.twitter.com/hCv7ZviKRA I’ve sent a letter to the FDA to ensure that restoring IV bag supplies is a top priority and offered to assist in any way I can to help resolve this issue and to prevent such shortages from occurring in the future.pic.twitter.com/oTp417MmsK Hospitals in Florida and across the country are facing a shortages of IV bags, as IV bag manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico are still being hampered by the federal government’s sluggish response to Hurricane Maria.  It’s official: Tampa has been chosen as the site of the 2019 Department of Defense Warrior Games! U.S. Special Operations Command at MacDill will be the host.pic.twitter.com/CxDBwJYw60 The Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments today involving Georgia’s overuse of water and the effect its having on Apalachicola Bay’s oyster industry. We need a solution that protects this vital Florida industry and the families that depend on it. … Drilling off of Florida’s coast is a real threat to our state. It’s a risk we shouldn’t have to take. And I’m going to fight it with everything I’ve got. #ProtectOurCoast … It’s not a question of if there will be another offshore oil spill, but when. That’s why more than 41,000 businesses on the Atlantic coast have expressed opposition to nearshore drilling, and I hope every Floridian will too.pic.twitter.com/0PvQfJqD8n This plan is an assault on Florida’s economy, our national security, the will of the public, and the environment. This proposal defies all common sense and I will do everything I can to defeat it. … The United States stands on the side of the Iranian people in their struggle for freedom and opportunity against the oppressive Iranian regime. We should be strengthening rules that protect our environment and our economy from offshore oil drilling – not weaken them. This administration seems to have forgotten the lessons learned from the Deepwater Horizon disaster, but I haven’t and neither have the people of Florida.pic.twitter.com/UQN6mVQxlA The half a million fake public comments received by the FCC from Russian sources opposing #NetNeutrality shows Putin’s intent to influence the daily operations of our government, not just our elections. Our democracy is at stake, and we must do everything we can to protect it.pic.twitter.com/JIbmOYpwM8 The Trump administration is about to put Florida’s entire economy at risk. We need to protect our state from the threat of offshore drilling, not make it easier for Big Oil to drill closer to our shores. … Congratulations to @UCF_Football on their undefeated season! … Wishing the people of Haiti a triumphant Independence Day and Happy New Year: L'Union Fait La Force!pic.twitter.com/ZK6ThByugw Our fellow American citizens deserve better than this. … Great to hear from so many people in Tampa helping with the recovery efforts in Puerto Rico. I’m grateful for their support and the people of Puerto Rico are grateful for their support. Now Congress needs to get its act together.pic.twitter.com/TfWcFvcro9 We shouldn’t be playing games with our coastal communities and the economy of our entire state. We must do everything we can to ensure another disaster like Deepwater Horizon never threatens our state again. … The people of Puerto Rico are our fellow American citizens. They should not be treated like they’re being treated. It’s just not right.pic.twitter.com/IhXMiXMWWD In Kissimmee, Florida with @RepDarrenSoto and @RepValDemings to discuss the state of recovery efforts in Puerto Rico after getting a firsthand look yesterday.pic.twitter.com/F2wG8vAomQ Half of Puerto Rico's economy comes from manufacturing.pic.twitter.com/BoHaWZI6HE Two former governors of Puerto Rico from different parties, Gov. Rosello and Gov. Padilla, are united to make sure Puerto Rico is treated fairly in the tax bill.pic.twitter.com/B2FvrkBvUu Here in Las Piedras, Puerto Rico, which still has no electricity 97 days after the hurricane.pic.twitter.com/YaMcEpRkgz 97 days after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, the roof of Bayamon Hospital is still not adequately repaired. Water leaking into the hallways below.pic.twitter.com/bNPtHcsSEd Just arrived in Puerto Rico with @RepDarrenSoto to get a firsthand look at the recovery efforts.pic.twitter.com/mQOmEtKvfW Merry Christmas and happy holidays to all the brave men and women serving our country. We are all incredibly grateful for your service and wish you and your families the very best this holiday season.pic.twitter.com/FSYpkrNI5g Grace and I want to wish you a very Merry Christmas and happy holidays!pic.twitter.com/lLVH8CiBHW Was a privilege to join all of the volunteers and workers at the City Rescue Mission in Jacksonville today to help serve some pre-Christmas meals to those in need.pic.twitter.com/UWlOwnMsEb I’m proud to be a co-sponsor of the Dream Act and will keep fighting to pass it into law. I will continue working to make sure #Dreamers who came here at no fault of their own are not kicked out of the only country they’ve ever known. There is no good reason to halt this study. We must do everything we can to ensure a disaster like Deepwater Horizon never happens again. … The Senate should be voting on a disaster bill tonight. Floridians, especially our citrus farmers, still need help after Irma and Puerto Ricans are still struggling to recover after Maria. I am now more resolved than ever to get this done when Congress returns in January. Millions of kids across the nation, and 400,000 kids in Florida rely on CHIP to receive the healthcare they need. We must reauthorize this program before the funds run out in Florida next month. These kids are counting on us and we can’t let them down. … Here we are at the end of the session and there is still a lot of things that Congress needs to do such as: funding CHIP, providing disaster relief to those impacted by hurricanes and protecting our Dreamers – just to name a few.pic.twitter.com/tUWUQrVpkc Met with a group of Florida citrus growers today to discuss what needs to be done to help them recover from Hurricane Irma. Florida’s citrus industry lost more than $750 million during that storm. If we don’t act soon, we won’t be growing oranges in Florida much longer.pic.twitter.com/PoSYZTldIE Sen. Rubio and I just filed legislation calling on the Maduro regime in Venezuela to release all political prisoners and allow the delivery of humanitarian assistance to help the people of Venezuela. Exactly one year ago today we sent Congress our bipartisan Puerto Rico Task Force report on how to help the island recover. Not one of those recommendations was included in the Republicans' tax bill passed today.  …pic.twitter.com/C9MRDsSehW Thinking about my friend, @SenJohnMcCain this evening. Wishing him a speedy recovery, and look forward to seeing him back in action after the holidays.pic.twitter.com/nsFOuGSyW2 I’m about to head down to the Senate floor to vote no on this disastrous GOP tax bill.pic.twitter.com/qJuaaCSV8e Just spoke with VA Secretary Shulkin about helping Florida’s homeless veterans. He told me he was going to personally step in and do what he can to help get these veterans the housing they need. Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico shouldn't be treated as second-class citizens. Yet, that’s exactly what this GOP tax bill does.pic.twitter.com/Q19PrC3sIa Today, I filed legislation to rename the VA Health Care Center in Tallahassee, FL in honor of American hero and Florida native Marine Corps Sgt. Ernest “Boots” Thomas, pictured here guarding fellow Marines as they raised our flag atop Iwo Jima’s Mount Suribachi in 1945.pic.twitter.com/RhuzzMxkHt Sent a letter to Senate leaders today in support of renaming this Kissimmee post office after the Borinqueneers, a highly-decorated regiment of troops from Puerto Rico who fought valiantly during WWI, WWII, and Korea.pic.twitter.com/yYOfgmilRf It would be nice if GOP showed as much urgency for providing millions of kids with health insurance through CHIP, or helping folks recover from hurricanes, including millions in Puerto Rico who are still without water or electricity. This tax bill is not for hardworking middle-class families. The real purpose of this GOP bill is to give huge tax cuts to multinational corporations and to make it easier for them to shift jobs overseas.pic.twitter.com/PSdaUl1jHd The Republican-led FCC turned its back on consumers today. By voting to give internet providers the ability to decide what websites their customers see, how fast they see them, and how much they are going to have to pay for access, the FCC just ended the internet as we know it.pic.twitter.com/m8y3zDdUaF Met with several senators from Haiti today about the current situation on the island and why it’s so important that we extend TPS for the nearly 60,000 Haitians currently living in the U.S., instead of sending them back to a country that can’t support them.pic.twitter.com/LDOd7b4YSF #Dreamers are our neighbors, our friends, our valedictorians, and our first responders. It’s time for us, as a country, to come together and acknowledge how they make our nation stronger, instead of trying to kick them out of the only country they’ve ever known.pic.twitter.com/gkUSUwgKF4 Drilling off Florida's coast is a real threat to our tourism-driven economy. It's a risk we shouldn't take. … Met with family members of the sailors lost on the El Faro today to discuss the NTSB’s latest report on the incident and what can be done to make sure another tragedy like this never happens again.pic.twitter.com/45y9e24535 USDA forecast shows FL's citrus industry will produce just 46M boxes this year – lowest in decades. If we don’t act soon, we could lose this vital industry. I urge Congress to act now on a disaster package to provide our growers the assistance they need. … If Congress doesn’t act soon, hundreds of thousands of children in Florida will lose their health insurance. That’s not right. This Republican-controlled Congress needs to get its act together and start working for everyday people, not major corporations. … The El Faro sinking was a tragedy. The NTSB’s recommendations coupled with the Coast Guard’s investigation clearly show that more can be done to prevent this kind of tragedy from happening again by improving safety.  … As I told U.S. Southern Command’s annual Human Rights Initiative conference today, when it comes to Venezuela, now is not the time for the United States to walk away from our responsibility as a leader in this hemisphere. Happy Hannukah as you begin the celebrations this evening! The Trump administration is about to unveil a new plan that will open up the entire Atlantic coast to offshore oil drilling. This would be a huge win for the oil industry; and a huge threat to Florida. I’m doing everything I can to block it.pic.twitter.com/CqDskvAjCs People should determine what they see on the internet and shouldn’t have to wait to see certain content. It’s that simple. #SaveNetNeutrality The internet brings people together from thousands of miles away, it educates kids across the nation, and provides countless hours of entertainment. We must #SaveNetNeutrality to protect the free and open internet. Today, I sent a letter to FCC Chairman Pai urging him to abandon his reckless plan to radically alter the free and open and internet as we know it. It’s critically important that we #SaveNetNeutrality to protect consumers and the future of the internet.pic.twitter.com/kFJvDZwmtQ The White House just scrapped a new rule requiring airlines to disclose checked-baggage fees BEFORE you purchase your ticket. That’s not right. Consumers have a right to know what they're paying for, before they pay for it. That’s just common sense.pic.twitter.com/AAfuO7O9Ve The VA’s decision to cut more than $460M in dedicated funding from a program designed to help homeless veterans find housing is inexplicable. I have demanded a full explanation from Secretary Shulkin. We should be doing everything we can to help our veterans.pic.twitter.com/VAv8i9zJ5v Millions of Floridians have paid into Social Security and Medicare and rely on these programs as they get older. We must keep our promise to the people of Florida and the nation by working to strengthen these programs — not cut them! … Today, I’m remembering the brave Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation in Pearl Harbor on this day 76 years ago. These heroes will never be forgotten, and their legacy will live on forever. #PearlHarborDaypic.twitter.com/01lqLixBJ4 Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. The U.S. embassy will remain in Tel Aviv for now and the United States should continue to do its part to help bring about a secure and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians through a two-state solution. There’s no reason why the Sunshine State should be ranked 12th in the nation for solar power. … The Sunshine State should be leading the nation in solar energy production! I just filed legislation to make it easier for homeowners to produce their own solar energy, while making it easier for renewable energy companies to create more jobs in Florida.   This bill is, in effect, a massive transfer of wealth under the guise of tax reform. You can repeat a statement over and over, but that doesn't make it true. This bill does not help the middle class. This bill hurts the middle class, plain and simple.pic.twitter.com/iQP0QwogNp Senate Republicans just voted down my amendment to make the modest middle-class tax cuts permanent, instead of a tax increase in a few years. Proof that this GOP tax bill was never about helping the middle class. The Senate is voting right now on my amendment to scrap this disastrous GOP tax bill and force the Senate to come up with a new bipartisan bill that actually helps the middle class. If you make $75,000 or less, you will be hurt by this bill. If you are a small business owner, you will be hurt by this bill. If you buy your health insurance in the individual market, you will be hurt by this bill. Those are the facts - plain and simple!pic.twitter.com/p00vbPpmSz Healthcare costs soar under Senate tax plan: In #Florida the #HealthTax would average increase for someone age 64 will be $1368 in 2019. Sound like a deal to you?   #NoHealthTaxpic.twitter.com/ahE2Zu08VT Passing this GOP tax bill would be like sending another hurricane to Puerto Rico. We should be working to help Puerto Rico recover, not make things worse. I am urging my colleagues to vote against this disastrous bill.pic.twitter.com/02yEsymKBW This GOP tax bill is not what the American people want, it's what large corporations want. We should be working together to give hardworking middle-class families a tax cut, not a tax increase.pic.twitter.com/0z5JWXRBia Big win for Florida! US Air Force just announced that Tyndall Air Force Base in Panama City will be the home for their new squadron of unmanned aerial drones. The 1,400 airmen and their families that will soon be heading there will provide a tremendous boost to the local economy. This GOP bill is a huge tax cut for multinational corporations and does very little for the middle class. Hardworking families will see their taxes go up. Small businesses will pay almost double the rate of large corporations. We need to start working on a bipartisan bill, periodpic.twitter.com/JScN7u1o6s We have tens of thousands of Puerto Rican evacuees in Florida right now who are struggling to find an affordable place to live. The need for more affordable housing to help those who have been dislocated couldn’t be more urgent and Congress must take action now to address it.pic.twitter.com/kK1dsfRxLL The FCC is planning to end the internet’s Net Neutrality rules that protect consumers’ right to a truly free and open internet. If you’re like me and think the internet should remain a level playing field for all, you need to make your voice heard now!pic.twitter.com/eeiM0wkfMX 14 emergency 911 centers in Florida went completely offline during Hurricane Irma. That’s unacceptable. Upgrading our nation’s 911 system is literally a matter of life and death and should be a national priority. … Grace and I wish everyone a wonderful #Thanksgiving. And special thanks to all the brave men and women serving in our military - both here and overseas - who sacrifice so much to keep the rest of us safe. We are ALL thankful for your service! FCC Chairman Pai just released his plan to end the rules that protect consumers’ right to a truly free and open internet. This reckless plan will fundamentally change the internet as we know it! There is no reason to send 60,000 Haitians back to a country that cannot provide for them. This decision today by DHS is unconscionable. And I am strongly urging the administration to reconsider. Ultimately, we need a permanent legislative solution. … Sen. Ron Wyden and I were in Miami and Tampa today to talk with local business leaders about the GOP’s tax plan. We need a tax code that’s fair and works for everyone, including small business owners and hardworking families. This GOP plan does the opposite.pic.twitter.com/oqeRKsA01m The administration’s latest disaster-aid request doesn’t come close to providing what's needed to help people recover from these devastating hurricanes. This request has no money for evacuee housing and barely any money for Florida’s citrus growers. … We got some important Florida projects included in the defense bill Congress passed last night, including an upgrade to the launch infrastructure at Cape Canaveral to support more than one commercial space launch in the same day. … We should work together to cut taxes for hardworking middle-class families, not take health care away from 13 million people just to give the largest corporations massive tax cuts.pic.twitter.com/NmkxI7yrhZ GOP just added a provision to their tax plan that will cause health care premiums to go up 10 % & 13 million to lose coverage. We should be working together to cut taxes for the middle class, not taking health care away from millions just to give tax cuts to large corporations.pic.twitter.com/yljxVtfmYI I met with Kirstjen Nielsen, nominee to be next DHS secretary, this morning and urged her to extend Temporary Protected Status for the 60k Haitians already here in the U.S., instead of sending them back to a country that can’t support them.pic.twitter.com/7IrHoofxd7 Thousands of students displaced by Hurricanes Irma and Maria are enrolling in new schools across Florida. We need to make sure these schools have the funding they need to handle this influx of students and provide them the quality education they deserve.  pic.twitter.com/0cLpEU9iOt Here we are, working on a tax bill that will inevitably touch every single American in some way, shape, or form. Yet, at the behest of the GOP, we haven’t had any hearings, or time to seriously debate the slew of policy changes in this bill. The American people deserve better.pic.twitter.com/Eq72SzYIcl Filed several amendments to the GOP’s tax bill today to cut taxes for the middle class, make it easier for seniors and small business to file their taxes, and help Florida’s citrus industry replant millions of trees lost to citrus-greening. To all the brave men and women who serve in our nation's armed forces: Thank you!  #VeteransDaypic.twitter.com/VVZIBUbeiq Had a great meeting with a group of veterans in Miami today who shared their own personal stories about why it's so important that we pass the legislation I filed this week, known as the Fair Heroes Act, to ensure our most disabled vets are getting the healthcare they need.pic.twitter.com/o2Mw17foPH There are still a lot of people who need help after these devastating storms. I've called for the federal government to extend these programs to make sure everyone who needs assistance has a chance to get it. … Treasury sanctioned 10 more officials in Venezuela today. Still more needs to be done. The U.S. must stand with the Venezuelan people as they fight to restore democracy to their nation. I just introduced the FAIR Heroes Act to ensure our most seriously injured veterans have access to the health care that best fits their needs.pic.twitter.com/wCPr5CYezF Great to see so many Dreamers making their voices heard on the hill today! These kids grew up in the U.S. We should be celebrating their many contributions, not trying to kick them out of the only country they’ve ever known.pic.twitter.com/kGdyyaqcH1 We must take action now to ensure that a security breach like the one we saw last summer never happens again. Companies like Equifax are holding a financial guillotine over the American people.pic.twitter.com/odL0fJdmpT Had a good time meeting with students from the University of Florida earlier today. We talked about a number of issues, including the need to lower student loan interest rates to make college more affordable.pic.twitter.com/wxOqOf1PiD If credit reporting agencies can’t keep their own information safe, how can consumers trust them to protect their information? We need to make sure consumers’ personal information is protected and enact rules to hold companies accountable.pic.twitter.com/iVqJmsmyep Members of Venezuela’s constituent assembly should be sanctioned until constitutional order is restored, including a ban on importing oil.pic.twitter.com/LEoofgOskT Syria just joined the Paris climate agreement, which means the U.S. is now the ONLY nation not participating. … Gemini and Apollo astronaut Dick Gordon will be missed. My heart goes out to his friends and family. … I just spoke with R.D. James, the nominee to head the Army Corps, about completing Herbert Hoover Dike by 2022.pic.twitter.com/wotpRaTqxz I've heard from Floridians who have had trouble applying for unemployment comp. The state website is faulty. Called on US Labor Dept. to fix Regardless of motive or mental state - enough is enough! We have to find a way to put an end to this senseless violence. It would be a travesty to send 60k Haitians back to a country that cannot support them. I am calling on Gen. Kelly to prevent this disaster. We need a tax code that’s fair. This plan adds trillions to national debt to give tax cut to wealthy instead of hardworking families. No one should have to wait 4 hrs. to talk to a FEMA rep by phone, or 45 days for a home inspection. Have asked FEMA to fix this immediately.pic.twitter.com/nQvjo4vXNx These are very serious charges and show why we must be patient about the investigation. … Too many people aren’t getting the help they need after Irma & Maria. I’m calling on FEMA to step up its efforts to provide help sooner.pic.twitter.com/qpRBYbVBih Filed bill to give USDA money needed to help FL farmers who lost crops such as citrus during Irma. GOP Maj Ldr objected. Will keep fighting.pic.twitter.com/VcC8ZlhgDx Here's a good list from USA Today of just some of the things we've been doing lately to help people of FL & PR:  More reports of long lines for emergency food assistance. Unacceptable. I've asked USDA for assistance. FL should have been better prepared. Asked Dept. of Education today to help students affected by Hurricanes Irma and Maria.pic.twitter.com/t3q4l06tCG President nixed disaster money for FL's citrus growers. Says it will be added in Nov. So I just put hold on his nominee to make sure we get. This is unacceptable. The state should’ve been prepared for this. I’m calling on USDA to send additional resources and expedite the process. … After getting back from Puerto Rico late last night, I took to the Senate floor today to tell the Senate that more needs to be done.pic.twitter.com/3HfplsDyed Met with residents on the ground today in Utuado. I'll continue to fight for the people of Puerto Rico as the island recovers and rebuilds.pic.twitter.com/wH6KfYeJAS In Puerto Rico getting a firsthand look at the damage caused by Hurricane Maria.pic.twitter.com/phR9NblT37 Puerto Ricans are suffering. I wrote to HHS this morning to ensure priority locations have the supplies they need most, incl. diesel.pic.twitter.com/c5RzGu0veg Here’s my full statement in response to the latest moves to undermine the Affordable Care Act:pic.twitter.com/tm4iqEPhAy 10 hurricanes in 10 weeks. I want to make sure any NOAA admin. will put public 1st in delivering weather forecasts. … Last week Sen. Rubio and I led FL delegation in requesting additional funding that isn't included in today’s package   The disaster relief package is a critical first step, but we will need more funding to support relief efforts like CDBG in FL, PR & USVI. Joined Reps. Demings & Soto for FEMA Disaster Assistance Workshop this week. Sign up for Irma assistance before 11/9   Florida lawmakers seek $27 billion for hurricane recovery. @TB_Times … Senator Bill Nelson speaking with #PuertoRican community & families in #Miami about disaster relief concerns on the island @nbc6pic.twitter.com/VdFUu3bXtK Bill Nelson calls for gas reserve in Florida to prevent shortages seen during Hurricane Irma  pic.twitter.com/VyKNzYFVD8 Just filed bill to create a FL gas reserve to ensure residents and first responders have access to gas they need before and after a storm. Bill Nelson sponsors bill to ban bump stocks for assault weapons   #FlaPolpic.twitter.com/LVP7IKNEe8 Good news for Florida’s Space Coast. Just spoke w/ Air Force Gen. Monteith - he confirmed the Cape is ready to handle two launches in a day.pic.twitter.com/6PsS75qGv4 Have just filed legislation to provide some much-needed tax relief to the victims of hurricanes Irma and Maria. Thoughts & prayers are with the victims of this horrific attack. At some point we, as a society, have to stand up and say enough is enough. Have called on Senate Finance Committee to investigate the deaths of 12 seniors at a nursing home in Hollywood, FL   Sen. Bill Nelson visting with volunteers. Speaking about Puerto Rico relief.pic.twitter.com/yhsbwp1LyE Happy Birthday @SenBillNelson ! Senator Nelson flew as the Payload Specialist on the Space Shuttle Columbia (STS-61C) in 1986.pic.twitter.com/je1UUsZ5kP There is a crisis in Puerto Rico. Fuel, water & medicine sitting at the docks. Need immediate response by US military. Where is the cavalry? Citing Florida deaths, Nelson grills regulator for slow response on generator safety   via @usatoday Spoke with Gen. McMaster. Urged U.S. military to organize and distribute food & medicine to devastated and inaccessible areas of Puerto Rico Just took to the Senate floor to call for an aid package to help people in Florida, Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.pic.twitter.com/HiWfUsxojc Thanks @SenatorCollins. We should be focused on finding real bipartisan fixes to the ACA, not this bill that cuts $1 trillion from Medicaid. Just spoke to military leaders in charge of hurricane response. Urged them to send additional support to Puerto Rico & USVI in wake of Maria … Am calling on U.S. military to send additional search & rescue, medical and construction teams to Puerto Rico in wake of Maria. It’s a bad bill. We need to fix the current law instead. The latest Republican attempt to kill the health care law eliminates health insurance for 30 million and ends Medicaid as we know it. Our staff will be in Collier, Miami-Dade, Orange and Pinellas counties tomorrow if you need help registering with FEMA.pic.twitter.com/0VNytat7Ml BREAKING: @SenBillNelson asking FEMA to extend long-term housing for victims of #HurricaneIrma @WPLGLocal10pic.twitter.com/PJcNhrsC1V 