Congratulations to Coloradan Malachi Haynes on being named @BGCA_Clubs National Youth of the Year. What an incredible & deserved honor. #NYOY18 #COProudpic.twitter.com/pMkik8rkfV We can’t ignore the facts: #cleanenergy is creating jobs & boosting our state’s economy. Thanks @E2org for your work to promote clean jobs. #CleanEnergyWeek … Merrick Garland’s seat was held open for more than 400 days. What’s the rush? The Senate should not vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination until the FBI fully investigates all of these allegations. We need an FBI investigation. The 3 women who have come forward have put themselves & their families at risk and are willing to testify under oath. Anyone who refutes or seeks to discredit these claims should be willing to talk to the FBI. For years, we’ve been working to permanently reauthorize & fully fund the Land & Water Conservation Fund. There isn’t a county in the country without an #LWCF project. Now we’re days away from the program expiring once again. #SaveLWCF … Both Dr. Ford & Ms. Ramirez have said they are willing to provide their accounts to the FBI under oath. Anyone who is disputing their accounts should also be willing to do so under oath. The nomination process should not move forward until the FBI investigates these allegations. Over the last several months, met with Army leadership to emphasize the value of Fort Carson’s assets. We’re confident the base will deliver a capable brigade ready to meet the security challenges of today & threats of tomorrow. NEWS: @USArmy will stand up a Stryker Brigade Combat Team at Fort Carson. This could not be a better decision for our national security, for our Army, and for Colorado. Happy National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week to the 492 #HSIs across the US. Some of our supporters in Congress join the celebration. Thanks to @SenBennetCO for his support of our institutions.  @adamsstate @CCDedu @msudenver @UNC_Colorado @CSUPueblo #HSIPride #HSIWeekpic.twitter.com/QzdUWazoGc Disappointed to learn BLM did not listen to Coloradans & went ahead w/ #methanerule rollback even after Senate rejected it. This will lead to more pollution, waste more natural gas & decrease revenue for taxpayers. Worst of all, it will put the health of our communities at risk. Tonight we passed legislation to combat the #opioidcrisis ravaging communities across the country. Although a step in the right direction, we must keep doing more to limit the flow of opioids while investing in resources to treat those struggling w/ substance use disorders. We should be building coalitions to apply pressure to China. Reckless tariffs open up our farmers, ranchers & workers to even further retaliation. When is @POTUS going to recognize we need a strategic plan to address China’s unfair trade practices, not an unpredictable trade war? … Disgraceful. Slashing the cap to historic lows & denying refuge to those fleeing the very evils we seek to counter contradicts our proud history of being a beacon of hope and opportunity for the world. … Dr. Ford should be given the opportunity to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee. It takes great courage to come forward with her story. We should listen to her and conduct a full investigation into the allegations. The Senate should not move forward  w/ Judge Kavanaugh's nomination until the Judiciary Committee conducts a full investigation into these serious allegations. This is a lifetime appointment to one of the most powerful positions in government. We owe the American people no less. Too many politicians wrongly suggest that we need to make people’s lives harder to motivate them to build something better. The result: tens of millions of Americans' lives are too unstable to thrive no matter how hard they try. Compelling @NYTmag piece:  Thanks to @SenBennetCO for joining  @ColoradoSPH Dean Jon Samet, faculty and experts from around the state for an important discussion on how changing weather is affecting health in Colorado @CUAnschutz today.pic.twitter.com/gboKbahr9e A real strategy on China would strengthen our alliances, not provoke a trade war.pic.twitter.com/vjnLswYzA9 Instead of hyperbole, I’m calling on the @DHSGov IG to confirm these reports & further investigate the aftermath of Maria. I commend the press for its continued vigilance in uncovering the real toll on our fellow citizens. This is how @realDonaldTrump responds to a hurricane. Several reports have laid bare the incompetence of his reaction to Hurricane Maria. We’ve already faced enormous tragedy in Puerto Rico. We cannot repeat this.pic.twitter.com/VwOwMiPjB5 It’s a busy Thursday morning in DC: Just met with @RMFUnion in my office & am headed to a Senate Agriculture hearing where I’ll question @USTradeRep about how @POTUS’ trade policies are affecting our agriculture communities. Tune in here:  …pic.twitter.com/Te3Rgel2wp Our farmers had a busy day yesterday, but they’re already meeting with legislators to discuss their policy concerns. Here our @RMFUnion contingent is meeting with @SenBennetCO #NFUFlyin18pic.twitter.com/n7xQMilBKR Instead of tweeting hyperbole, @POTUS should focus on real challenges in our economy:   -How incomes haven’t kept pace with costs -How automation has put pressure on workers -How inequality continues to rise  Those are issues worth talking about. And despite the tax cuts that led to these yawning deficits, job growth has slowed under President Trump, not accelerated.pic.twitter.com/db8vzKbd9q The level of irresponsibility required to have an outcome where unemployment is falling and our deficit is rising is unheard of in American history. But that is what’s happening in @realDonaldTrump’s economy.pic.twitter.com/5c27Mw3Lk5 The private sector has added jobs for 102 months straight—the longest streak on record—80% of which was under President Obama.   As in other parts of his life, when it comes to jobs, President Trump is once again coasting on his inheritance.pic.twitter.com/KZZTzxxJt1 In recent months, @realDonaldTrump has touted the strength of the economy, saying: “You just have to look at the numbers.” Let’s do that. LIVE on the Senate Floor: @realDonaldTrump has spent the last few months touting the strong economy. Let’s take a look at the story the numbers really tell. Tune in on Facebook now -->  … Colorado has a proud history of responsible energy development on public lands. @BLM_CO should listen to local input when considering oil and gas lease sales & defer the parcels that @GovofCO and communities have requested. … Congratulations to leaders across Northern Colorado who fought for years to expand I-25. They have done the work we so often fail today to do: maintain the roads & bridges that our grandparents had the decency to maintain for us. Washington could learn from their example.pic.twitter.com/Z66gSv2TO4 Colorado Springs named the best city for veterans to live:    Thanks to @MilitaryTimes for recognizing CO as a great place for veterans and their families to work, live, and retire. EPA’s decision is so senseless & damaging. Every American who wants clean air for their kids should be concerned. We shouldn’t disadvantage states like Colorado, Utah & California that have stepped up to pass more protective standards. What good reason is there to lower the bar? … I will vote “No” on Supreme Court nominee Judge Kavanaugh. Here’s why:pic.twitter.com/EE6MqjSiFK We will #NeverForget the innocent lives lost 17 years ago. We honor the loss, sacrifice, and service by defending the American values that were attacked that day. It's our shared commitment to those values that will keep our republic strong. The rush and secrecy of the Kavanaugh hearings has left us to wonder what the White House is withholding from the American people. With @SenCortezMasto, led 19 senators to support @JudiciaryDems in calling on the WH to make Kavanaugh’s complete record public.pic.twitter.com/HGVr53Mb3e One year ago, @realDonaldTrump rescinded #DACA—pulling the rug out from under hundreds of thousands of Dreamers. Since then, he has blocked all legislative attempts to fix the crisis he created. It’s far past time to bring certainty back into these young peoples’ lives. By moving forward with these hearings, Senate Republicans are depriving the American people of a full, fair, and open confirmation process. With so much at stake—including executive power and oversight, health care and reproductive rights, campaign finance, environmental regulations, and workers’ rights—the Senate cannot fulfill its constitutional duty to advise and consent without access to his complete record. I stand with my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee in demanding the release of Judge Kavanaugh’s full White House record before his confirmation moves forward. Handing over 42,000 more pages just hours before hearings begin is not transparency—it’s an effort to undermine the Senate’s ability to fully advise and consent. This is more reason to wait until all the documents are released before holding hearings. … In Colorado & across the country, wages are not keeping pace with costs of living. American workers should be able to afford health care, housing, child care, and higher education. This is the economy we are aspiring to create for this workforce & future generations. #LaborDay Thank you to the men and women whose hard work and ingenuity, day in and out, power our nation’s economy. #LaborDay At the very least, we should not hold confirmation hearings until the National Archives has published all of the documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s public service. Earlier today, I had an opportunity to review some of Supreme Court nominee Kavanaugh's documents that the Republicans have kept from the American people. Given the enormous stakes around Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, these documents should be made public immediately. A Colorado senator has slammed Trump's anti-pot committee  "I am deeply concerned by this intentional effort to mislead the American people" … The Trump admin should be investing in scientific research on marijuana, not intentionally misleading the American people. Sent a letter urging the WH to stop misusing data for political purposes & instead work with states like Colorado on this issue. … New report shows that the White House created a committee to spread a politically-driven narrative, using cherry-picked data, about #marijuana. … RT if you agree with @DurangoHerald: Congress needs to "work together and reauthorize the LWCF, permanently, before Sept. 30.” … While @readDonaldTrump tweets about GDP, working Americans see the reality: wages are decreasing & costs of living are rising. … Colorado sees the threat of climate change every day. We don’t have the luxury of operating in a fictitious economy like @realDonaldTrump, whose repeal of the Clean Power Plan is counter to the benefits of transitioning to a #cleanenergy economy.pic.twitter.com/gTZZEKFUTn The measure for a healthy economy is not how well the stock market is doing, but whether working people can afford housing, health care, higher education, and day care. We should be working to make it easier for families to afford these important costs of living, not harder. Meanwhile, the Republican tax cuts are going to the wealthiest Americans & shareholders. … If you’re following these economic trends, you’ll see that incomes are not keeping up with the costs of living. In fact, according to a recent report, 40% of American families last year struggled to meet at least one basic need, like food or health care. … Over 50% of children now stand to earn less income than their parents. Instead of dealing with the income inequality in our country, @realDonaldTrump passed a tax cut & imposed tariffs that exacerbate that inequality.pic.twitter.com/1A92RPsHk4 Had a meaningful conversation w/ families at @bgcpueblocounty this weekend about challenges they face in their community. As costs of housing, child care & health care skyrocket, we're working to find solutions that make it easier for parents to provide opportunity for their kidspic.twitter.com/Tien7fnj6g Senator McCain's example tells us that we need not accept dysfunctional politics and empty partisanship as inevitable. And his absence will require much more of the rest of us. Susan and I extend our deepest condolences to the McCain family. We also express our gratitude to Senator McCain for his never-ending kindness to our daughters when they visited Washington. A modern approach to workforce development is critical to prepare the next generation to compete in the global economy. Thanks @PCCpueblo for showing me apprenticeship programs & mobile learning labs that are equipping students & businesses with the skills they need to succeed.pic.twitter.com/4ooRBPqfif Our family is thinking of @SenJohnMcCain today and wishing him and his family peace. NEWS: Tonight we passed an amendment that reimburses Colorado water authorities for addressing contamination. This win is a small part of the broader work needed to ensure Coloradans have clean drinking water. … In light of this week’s convictions, Judge Kavanaugh's view that “we should not burden a sitting president with criminal prosecutions” and his questions about whether a president must comply with a subpoena underscore the need to review his full record before hearings begin. Water authorities responded to contamination & took action to provide safe drinking water to Coloradans. The local communities stepped up, and now it’s time the federal government does the same. … Two County Commissioners flew from Southwest Colorado to Washington, D.C. to show their support in the hearing for the San Juan Mountains Wilderness Act. I am so grateful for their involvement in crafting and advocating for this legislation.pic.twitter.com/BBJi05q11M For a decade, local leaders have worked through a collaborative, ground-up process to protect key areas in the San Juan Mountains. The result is balanced legislation that reflects the diverse interests of the region. Today, that bill received a hearing. Watch my testimony:pic.twitter.com/6rXmtJXD5S LIVE: With my colleagues talking about President Trump's efforts to gut the Clean Power Plan and the damage this will do to Colorado. Tune in:  … .@POTUS should embrace a lasting policy that makes the air cleaner, addresses climate change & provides real certainty for businesses. In absence of this leadership, Colorado will reduce emissions, grow our clean energy economy & safeguard the environment for the next generation. .@realDonaldTrump is placing the views of extreme partisans and special interests above the overwhelming judgment of scientists. Meanwhile, our children will continue to get sick, more wildfires will rage throughout the West, and more storms will damage our coasts. By rolling back the Clean Power Plan, @POTUS claims he is ending the war on coal. In reality, his plan creates more uncertainty for coal miners. This is not a plan—it’s a punt. The President's #tradewar threatens $277 million in Colorado exports & 733,000 jobs. Instead of doubling down, @POTUS should make responsible decisions that benefit our economy, strengthen our alliances, and take on China’s unfair trading practices. … Thank you to Major General George for the Fort Carson tour and update. Fort Carson’s troops are among the best trained and most ready in the world. I’ll work to ensure this post remains an unparalleled place to live, work, and train.pic.twitter.com/KWut2RHZXq "We all are entitled to opinions & to express them as part of a rich & informed conversation about the issues of the day. But we're not entitled to our own facts. Facts are not partisan and when they are dismissed as 'fake news,' we all lose." @ColoradoSun … “The true enemy of any democracy is ignorance, and the only way to battle ignorance is through the acquisition of knowledge. The frayed social compact between the news media and its audience must be rebuilt.” @ChieftainNews  … “The role journalism plays in our free society is too crucial to allow this degradation to continue. We aren’t the enemy of the people. We are the people. We aren’t fake news. We are your news & we struggle night/day to get the facts right.” @DurangoHerald … “Both sides of this conflict (@POTUS & media) need to think about the public. They should restore the decorum expected in an advanced, civilized society built on diverse perspectives, free speech and freedom of the press.” @csgazette … “Responding to the absurd notion that we're the enemy of the people is beneath the dignity of the Fourth Estate. Let the president say what he will and journalists will quote him. He can be, after all, his own worst enemy.” @DailySentinelGJ  … “The journalists whose work you find in this newspaper are profoundly devoted to fulfilling the role of a free press in local communities…Their primary goals are accuracy and objectivity. Every reporter. Every story. Every day.” @dailycamera … “We strive to allow justice to flourish by telling America what we see, what we hear and what we reveal. Only truth can ensure justice in a society, and only a free and unfettered press can offer a society truth.” @SentinelColo … "We believe that an informed electorate is critical to Democracy; that the public has a right to know what [elected officials] are doing behind closed doors; that journalism is integral to the checks and balances of power." @denverpost … I know it has become fashionable to tear down rather than work to improve the democratic institutions that generations of Americans have built.   But today, 350 newspapers spoke up in defense of a foundational institution: #freepress.   Here are some of the Colorado editorials→ Our President attacks #freepress & calls journalism #fakenews. Thomas Jefferson had a different approach: “Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter."pic.twitter.com/URDCmJRY51 In today’s ENR hearing, 2 Colorado historic parks bills moved closer to passage. With @SenCoryGardner, I'm working to designate explorer Zebulon Pike’s route as a National Historic Trail & recognize former Japanese relocation center Amache as part of NPS. … Punishing critics by revoking their security clearances is both petty and vindictive. Once again, @realDonaldTrump is reacting out of weakness. Leaders should place a higher priority on governing than on settling scores. … Agree with @SenCortezMasto – no one in this country should have to die because they cannot afford health care. That’s why she supports #MedicareX, my plan with Sen. Kaine to create a true public option and lower insurance costs. … Thanks to everyone who came out to our Granby & Steamboat #townhalls. Your questions about health care, economic opportunities, and doing right by the next generation are furthering the conversations we need to have within our communities to work & make progress together.pic.twitter.com/Lb2gU22n9E Stopped at the Battle Pass overlook along the Continental Divide to learn how we can support local forest health projects in the #FarmBill. The fire funding fix we passed earlier this year will also unlock new tools to bolster these efforts.pic.twitter.com/6EWOA7stgz W/veterans & sportsmen at a public access site on the Yampa River that was acquired w/ #LWCF. Projects like this highlight the need to reauthorize & fully fund LWCF before it expires next month. Thanks @VetVoiceFound @Backcountry_H_A & @COparkswildlife for your continued advocacypic.twitter.com/OI0gQuivQb .@SenBennetCO credits 900 acres of defensible space that Forest Service officials completed in 2012 in conjunction with @SummitCountyGov, Denver Water and the Colorado State @usfsarp.  … … via @csgazette  pic.twitter.com/db4ff0iK21 Creating the Buffalo Mountain fire break took collaboration among @CSFS_Outreach, @DenverWater, @SummitCountyGov, and the community. We’re working to help scale this kind of success around the state. … First stop on our Northwest Colorado route this week was Silverthorne. In 2012, I visited this same spot to see how the community was preparing to mitigate wildfires. 6 years later, the fire break prevented #BuffaloFire from devastating the area & saved ~$1 billion in property.pic.twitter.com/YNAfJpmzAB Great turnout at our Steamboat Springs #townhall. If you missed this one, we have another coming up in Granby today. Watch live on Facebook at 2:30pm MT:  pic.twitter.com/skUszuyVr9 I'm traveling around Colorado this week and holding two #townhalls: today in Steamboat Springs and tomorrow in Granby. Follow along on Facebook for photos & updates if you can't make it. … Not a single person in Colorado has asked me to roll back #fueleconomy standards. I urge @POTUS to rethink this decision and do what is best for the American people. … The Trump administration just made another backward decision that:  - Makes America less competitive - Increases costs for working families - Makes our air less safe - Harms our children #fueleconomy … Important question from @DurangoHerald on #ColoradoDay: Have we learned to manage natural resources that define so much of our state?  If the cooperative spirit among local leaders, businesses & families is any indication, Coloradans are on the right path. … Since we learned of water contamination near military bases, we’ve been working to protect the health of Coloradans. The #NDAA we passed today includes additional funds for response efforts to protect the safety of Colorado communities.  #PFAS Today we passed the final #NDAA in the Senate to bolster innovation in space, cyber & AI technologies and better prepare us for future threats. It also makes investments in Colorado’s bases, including Fort Carson, Schriever Air Force Base, & the Air Force Academy. Happy #ColoradoDay. From the Western Slope and Four Corners to the Eastern Plains and Central Mountains, nothing beats our Centennial State. 142 years later, and these landscapes are just as remarkable as ever.pic.twitter.com/OgpIf7wIkM 10 bipartisan governors oppose opening up new areas to offshore drilling. We’re urging @SecretaryZinke to reconsider his plan to unnecessarily modify the OCS leasing program. Letter → … On #Medicare53, we recognize that too many Coloradans still make choices about health care that no one else in the industrialized world has to make. #MedicareX, my plan w/@TimKaine, builds off Medicare’s framework to give families a meaningful, affordable health care option. Today we celebrate the 53rd anniversary of #Medicare & #Medicaid.  Let's honor their legacy with a renewed commitment to maintain these vital programs for generations to come & to extend the dignity & security of health care to every single American. Some of our Colorado and D.C. interns hard at work today... Thank you for all you do. Our offices would not be the same without you. #NationalInternDaypic.twitter.com/sErDjFMfiV I will continue to work with colleagues from both parties and the faith community to maintain pressure on the administration until every family is reunited. Tonight, we expect the admin to claim it has met the court-ordered deadline to reunite migrant children with their parents, even though hundreds of children will remain separated b/c they are "ineligible" for reunification. That is unacceptable. It is not who we are as a nation. Thank you to @HispanicAccess for putting together the film “Land, Water y Comunidad," highlighting the importance of permanently reauthorizing & fully funding #LWCF so that all communities can access the outdoors.pic.twitter.com/TZXpyj137i Trump’s nominee for the #2 position at Treasury just repeated the false claim that the #GOPTaxScam will pay for itself, despite clear, non-partisan evidence that it will add trillions to our deficits.  Like @SenBennetCO, we’re speechless.  Our report:  pic.twitter.com/XScaxczGVi Cool morning on Capitol Hill as #Rapids96 EVP/GM Pádraig Smith recruited two new fans for the club in @SenCoryGardner and @SenBennetCO. Both will be pulling for three points on Saturday pic.twitter.com/uuyUiIPia8 Ready to suit up for the game this weekend. Thanks for the jerseys @ColoradoRapids. We enjoyed meeting your EVP/GM Pádraig Smith this morning, and we’ll be cheering for you this weekend as #Rapids96 take on @dcunited. #COProudpic.twitter.com/K5gvWCnI1d Just introduced a new bill with @SenBennetCO to clean up the pay-to-play politics and influence peddling in Washington. … Introduced the #CLEANPoliticsAct with @RepSarbanes to reduce the influence of lobbyists so we can get back to the business of governing in a way that is responsive to Coloradans & all Americans. … Endless lobbying and fundraising in Washington has created a corruption of inaction. Instead of addressing the real challenges Americans face, our dysfunctional campaign finance system has prevented Congress from acting on climate change, the deficit, & the costs of health care. To everyone exploring Colorado’s breathtaking landscapes this week, help us advance our legacy of public lands by sending a clear message to Washington: It’s time to pass the #ContinentalDivide and Camp Hale Act. New @VailDaily op-ed w/@RepJaredPolis: As we celebrate @OutdoorRetailer in CO this week, we also must work to protect areas for fishing, biking & hunting. That's why we convened outdoorsmen & business owners to craft the #ContinentalDivide & Camp Hale Act. … This solution is as insane as the policy that got us into this mess. Farmers/ranchers want to compete & grow in the global economy. @POTUS' incoherent trade policy continues to lead to missed opportunities.  @POTUS cannot fix this self-inflicted crisis w/a $12 billion slush fund. … #LWCF is a critical tool for fulfilling our responsibility to give next generation the same opportunities our parents & grandparents gave us. It's time for Congress to stop serial, short-term extensions & make LWCF permanent w/ full funding it deserves.  New Podcast: Spoke with #ColumbiaEnergyExchange about the path Colorado has charted toward a #cleanenergy future. Listen →   …pic.twitter.com/SaoonjXB5P Thank you to both of Colorado's Senators, @SenBennetCO and @SenCoryGardner, for coming together to #SaveLWCF in this wonderful article - LWCF is a bright spot of bipartisan cooperation! … As thousands gather in Denver this week for the @OutdoorRetailer Summer Market, @SenCoryGardner & I are calling for full funding & permanent reauthorization of #LWCF to protect the land & water that are the foundation of our outdoor rec economy. … Although today is a milestone, we know there is more work to do. And I know that our Colorado veterans will not rest until we make Colorado the best place for our servicemembers, veterans, and their families to serve, live, and retire. Today's opening of the long-sought VA hospital in Aurora is a credit to the perseverance of Colorado’s veterans. Now, hundreds of thousands of Rocky Mountain veterans can receive the care they deserve. After all our veterans have done for us, that is the least we can do for them.pic.twitter.com/XHXluTtqPv I’m often discouraged by the polarized state of American politics. But there are glimmers of hope, like this bipartisan letter from Senators urging the President “to keep families together” & commending the role of faith-based organizations in doing so  … Proud to join @SenBennetCO @SenatorCollins @ChrisCoons & 23 bipartisan Senators to urge the Administration to #KeepFamiliesTogether, make this the default position for migration policy, & continue to work with the faith community on family reunification.  …pic.twitter.com/CcMp37fq9x The administration needs an actual strategy to counter Russian aggression & information warfare. Welcoming Putin to the White House should not be part of it. .@POTUS failed to stand up for American democracy when it mattered most: while sharing the international stage with one of our greatest adversaries. What happened in Helsinki? What commitments did @POTUS make to prompt a second meeting in Washington?  The administration needs to brief all senators immediately on what happened during the Trump-Putin meeting. The images of children separated from their families shocked Americans of all faiths & undermined our moral leadership in the world. Our letter sends a clear, bipartisan message to @POTUS that the family separation policy violates our core American values. … W/@SenatorLankford, @ChrisCoons, @SenatorCollins & two dozen others, just issued the first bipartisan statement opposing #FamilySeparation. The default position of the U.S. should be to keep families together. We’re urging @POTUS to work w/the faith community to reunify families. Shoulda, coulda, wouldn’t?  “Reviewing the transcript” doesn’t change the fact that @realDonaldTrump elevated a tyrant, isolated us from our allies, and failed to protect our democracy. Today w/@ChuckGrassley, met Dr. Balser to hear about @VUMChealth’s innovative model helping kids w/ complex medical conditions & their families navigate health care systems. It’s these successful programs that inspire us to pass #ACEKidsAct & improve kids' care across the countrypic.twitter.com/hB6wvuz4Yc Further shielding #DarkMoney from disclosure makes our dysfunctional campaign finance system even worse. At a time when our democracy is already under attack, this decision will make it harder for the government to stop illegal foreign money from influencing our elections. … Thank you, Tom Boasberg, for your decade of service to Denver’s kids. We were fortunate to have the best superintendent in the country the last 10 years. #edcolo … In the face of attacks by Putin & @POTUS on the European Union and NATO, Republicans and Democrats in Congress must work to protect the international institutions that advance our values and freedoms. By taking Putin at his word—when it directly contradicts the U.S. intelligence community’s assessment & investigations of Russia’s interference in 2016 election—@POTUS not only failed to protect our democracy, but also emboldened Russia & adversaries at the expense of our allies. Today, @POTUS failed to hold Vladimir Putin to account even on the most straightforward national security threats. Instead, he held a summit with no plan that only served to elevate Putin on the world stage. Because of organizations like @CCALT, Colorado's fingerprints are all over the #FarmBill we just passed in the Senate. Thank you for all of the support & guidance you've provided to my office and for Coloradans over the last several years.pic.twitter.com/0Dy5WM3Igp ICYMI: @CBS4Shaun reports how the President's tariffs are directly harming farmers & ranchers in Colorado — from commodity prices to planting decisions. One thing is clear from our discussion this weekend: Nobody wins in a trade war.pic.twitter.com/S0Pv6pI8o1 Thanks to all of the farmers & ranchers from around Colorado who met to talk about next steps for the #FarmBill. Your input is more important than ever to maintain Colorado’s priorities and bipartisan support for the final bill.pic.twitter.com/RtiCU012Cm The Senate sent an important message: @POTUS' tariffs target our Allies, do nothing to address unfair Chinese trade practices & open up farmers & families to harmful retaliation. We must take more concrete steps to address admin's reckless trade policies.  We need to work together in good faith to provide the #PaidLeave workers deserve. Over 80% of Americans support paid family leave, but less than 15% of workers have access. It’s time we find a practical solution. Unfortunately, the current GOP proposal does nothing to cover caregivers or workers who get sick. And it’s paid for by chipping away at Social Security. Workers shouldn’t have to choose between their children & their retirement. Today’s hearing showed encouraging bipartisan support for #PaidLeave. We need real paid leave that supports new parents, family caregivers, and workers suffering from an illness themselves. Our security relies on strong alliances, which is why the Senate reaffirmed its bipartisan support for #NATO today. @POTUS should double down to fortify NATO—not isolate us from our partners while elevating Putin in the face of Russian aggression & interference in our democracy. Make no mistake: This is an escalating trade war, and the ones who lose a trade war are American workers, farmers and ranchers, and families. Reckless tariffs do not make a trade strategy. … We cannot lose sight of the thousands of children who remain separated from their parents due to this administration's shameful family separation policy. @HHSGov needs to do more to fix the calamity that the Trump Administration created. … My statement on President Trump's #SCOTUS nomination:pic.twitter.com/HYlVah02sK .@EPAScottPruitt should have resigned months ago. He has repeatedly violated ethical standards & unraveled necessary protections for air & water. I expect the next Administrator to honor the congressional mission of the EPA and execute the job with the integrity that it deserves. A special thanks today to all of the firefighters who are working to protect our communities from wildfires on this July 4th. Stay safe, everyone. Happy 4th of July, Colorado! Thank you to all those who serve in defense of our deeply-held freedoms. I hope you have a chance to get outdoors in our beautiful state & spend time with family and community today. Tonight we passed the Senate #FarmBill, a testament to our bipartisan work on the Agriculture Committee. We should move this bill quickly to @POTUS’s desk—especially given the uncertainty communities face over drought, commodity prices, and trade.pic.twitter.com/7Lq0fjO881 Thanks for coming to DC to tell your story. We’ll stand alongside you in this fight to protect kids’ health care. #SpeakNowForKids … This week we introduced a #FarmBill amendment with @SenatorBurr to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Listen to my podcast with @Backcountry_H_A’s Hal Herring to hear why #LWCF is so important to Colorado & the West. →  pic.twitter.com/TlEyur0ike Hal Herring goes to Washington, D.C., to talk the LWCF with @SenBennetCO, @RogerMarshallMD of Kansas, Sen. @MartinHeinrich of New Mexico, @SenatorBurr of North Carolina, and BHA’s @JohnWGale in our latest podcast >>  pic.twitter.com/IiO6TIB88C If you're wondering what's going on behind the headset, I'm fixing #methane leaks in a virtual reality Colorado oil and gas field. @EDFEnergyEX is leading the way to help address this growing challenge. Thanks for showing me the latest technology at @WGC2018. … My statement on Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy’s retirement:pic.twitter.com/8d8STbJUkV Colorado’s @SenBennetCO opens the discussion on #natgas and #renewables by promoting a durable politics around energy production to create certainty for businesses. He says this is both an economic imperative and a moral responsibility.pic.twitter.com/qtCi0hg9Hd ICYMI: In the face of a rapidly changing workforce, we must do everything we can to ensure students are equipped with the skills to succeed in a global economy. And yesterday we passed #PerkinsCTE reauthorization in HELP Cmt to do just that. … Colorado brewers count on healthy #hops to produce the high-quality beer that many of us enjoy. Maintaining top-notch USDA research in #FarmBill is least we can do to support the burgeoning Colorado hop industry. … Great news: In HELP Cmt today, we passed bipartisan #PerkinsCTE, which means we will finally update the law to help close the skills gap and improve career and technical education for the next generations of Americans entering the workforce. Our PREEMIE Act will help reduce preterm births and improve infant health outcomes across the country. Look forward to continue working with @SenAlexander and committed groups to push this bill over the finish line. … About 1 in 10 babies were born premature in 2016, including nearly 9% in Colorado. Today, HELP Cmt passed our PREEMIE Act w/ @SenAlexander to reduce infant deaths, improve infant health, & fight opioid crisis. Every child deserves a healthy start in life. … Another “tax cuts will pay for themselves” update: Today @USCBO Long-Term Budget Outlook shows our debt is on track to double, reaching higher levels than during World War II. … The President’s travel ban, no matter what version, is counter to who we are as Americans. This policy has always been a solution in search of a problem. The President needs to stop sowing religious hostility, division, and anger for political gain. We’re working to designate Camp Hale as the first-ever National Historic Landscape to honor the legacy of soldiers like Blondie. Thanks for sharing, @Max_Sutherburg.  … #10thMountainDivision that trained at Camp Hale led our nation to victory in World War II & created the outdoor industry we know today. Check out @9NEWS story from @CReppWx about how our designation would preserve the area & legacy for future generations:  pic.twitter.com/RmMjKFXkix When our team heard concerns about the Post Office from local officials & community members during office hours, we immediately looked into ways we could help. Coloradans deserve to know their mail is private & secure. Read more from @EPTrailGazette:  This past Veterans Day, was fortunate to spend time with veterans installing solar panels. The Energy Jobs for Our Heroes Act will improve access to careers in the energy sector for even more veterans who have dedicated their service to this country.pic.twitter.com/SSYm1RppgK Veterans are uniquely qualified to succeed in cutting-edge industries. Tonight, w/ @SenCoryGardner & @SenDuckworth, secured amendment to lay the groundwork for legislation to provide vets the training to transition to emerging energy, cyber & AI economies. … .@POTUS tariffs target our allies, do nothing to stop China from undercutting U.S. steel workers, and subject farmers & businesses to retaliation. We intro'd bill to reverse tariffs b/c they should not be used to start a reckless trade war. … Take a listen: Pushed @SecretaryRoss to explain why we are so carelessly slapping tariffs on our allies. We still need answers. … What is the national security rational for putting a tariff on the Canadian steel industry with whom we have a trade surplus? We’ve been left in the dark as to why @POTUS imposed these tariffs, but we are well-aware of the consequences they have for American families & industry.pic.twitter.com/2TXbNAenfl ICYMI: American farmers & ranchers are on the front lines of an escalating trade war, yet @SecretaryRoss told me he was “not in detail familiar” with how the administration plans to help them & that price drops were “exaggerated.” This is unacceptable. … Prohibiting partisan #gerrymandering is one of the most significant ways we can begin to fix our broken political system. The #FairMaps Act is the first step to enable citizens to regain control of their government. In response to #SCOTUS gerrymandering decisions this week, introduced first federal legislation of its kind to explicitly prohibit partisan gerrymandering & give voters standing to challenge their state’s gerrymandered maps. #FairMaps … ICYMI: Sent a letter to the Trump administration last night demanding to know its plans for reuniting separated children with their parents. … Precipitous, highly-politicized policies like “zero tolerance” come at enormous human cost. A photo opportunity is not a resolution—mobilization of real resources & comprehensive plan to reunite all of these children is the only solution that meets the standard of American values NEW: Letter to @DHSgov & @HHSGov requesting the administration’s plan to reunite children with their parents. Today’s executive order may represent a pause in this cruel policy, but it is far from an enduring or humane resolution.pic.twitter.com/dnaW8EkC3K .@nytimes & @latimes report children will not immediately be reunited with their families based on @POTUS executive order. So what does that mean will happen to them? We need to know.pic.twitter.com/nYvIiBFBu8 LIVE on the Senate floor talking about the inhumane separation of children from their parents at our southern border. Tune in:  … Over the past 5 decades, @LWCFCOALITION has helped protect Colorado landscapes, brought together communities at local parks, & provided opportunities for kids to learn outside. Before LWCF expires in 100 days, we must reauthorize & fully fund it for future generations. #SaveLWCFpic.twitter.com/Xm69GK0kMi #WorldRefugeeDaypic.twitter.com/HP5IddvIbz .@POTUS & @HHSGov: What’s the plan for reuniting separated children with their parents? Signing a piece of paper does not solve the problem. Live now: The Health #202Live with an interview from HHS @SecAzar. Plus, @SenBennetCO @BillCassidy & more to talk h… … Tweet your questions for @ColbyItkowitz's conversation with @SenBennetCO and Sen. @BillCassidy using hashtag #202Live WATCH LIVE: Speaking on the Senate floor about @POTUS' inhumane policy of separating children from their parents at the border. Calling on every member of Congress to demand the President end this policy immediately. →  … I applaud Colorado for beginning the process of joining California and other states in implementing low emission vehicle standards. This is the right decision for families that will save on gas money and businesses that count on America’s competitive edge. … Federal fuel economy emission standards are on track to save American families money at the pump, create jobs, and boost manufacturing—the Trump administration should not block this progress. Today’s SCOTUS decisions fail to resolve one of the most significant dangers to American democracy. Partisan #gerrymandering promotes extremism in our politics and inertia in our government. This harms every American—and every American should have the right to stand against it. UPDATE: The entire Democratic caucus supports our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. I’ve heard countless Republicans say that they oppose children being taken from their parents. If that’s true, they should support our bill NOW! Let’s clear up one of the many falsehoods being peddled by this administration: Ending family separation is up to @POTUS. He has the power to end this policy today. … We should never even have to debate whether children are being used as pawns at our southern border. Another memorable year in the books at Denver’s Pride Parade this past weekend. This is one of my favorite family traditions—to spend the day standing up for love in all its forms with a community advocating for positive change. #Pride #PrideMonth @COCenterpic.twitter.com/OFXHHPtYyu Admin’s separation policy undermines our most sacred American values, fails to keep our country safe, & causes unnecessary trauma for thousands of children/families. Every member of Congress must stand up for these children by demanding that the administration end its policy now. The increasing number of children being ripped away from their parents is sickening. Americans of all political stripes have spoken out against this immoral policy. Yet @POTUS and his administration continue to perpetuate falsehoods and blame others for their own cruelty. .@TheJusticeDept: it’s a good book, you should keep reading:   “The Lord doesn’t hate or despise the helpless in all of their troubles. When I cried out he listened and did not turn away.” Psalm 22.24 … Stopped by Cream Bean Berry on Main Street in Durango with Mayor Sweetie Marbury. Durango is open for business, and I can personally recommend the mint chocolate chip.pic.twitter.com/1AwcP8mzlM In Durango today surveying the #416fire. Heard from the Incident Commander, Todd Pechota. Thanks to our firefighters for keeping Coloradans safe as they work to manage the fire.pic.twitter.com/vM6Q1yOPxQ Every member of Congress must stand up and demand that the Trump administration end this policy immediately. Outraged by growing number of reports of children being cruelly separated from parents. This is not who we are as a country and goes against all our deepest-held values. #FamiliesBelongTogether  … Great news: According to a new report, Colorado ranks 7th in the country for renewable energy. Over 57,000 Coloradans work in #cleanenergy in every county in the state. Colorado understands the value of a #CleanEnergyFuture to create jobs and lower costs. Meeting with the Congressional summer interns is one of my favorite events of the year. As I told them, whether you're a U.S. Senator or a Capitol intern, we all have a part to play in modeling a politics that is constructive, not destructive.pic.twitter.com/R3W3RHAsfb When a tweet about North Korea ends by calling American journalists "Our Country's biggest enemy", someone is very confused. We might expect the leaders of North Korea to call journalists the country's "biggest enemy." We must never accept that from our own. … Filed amendment w/ @PattyMurray to reverse tariffs @POTUS imposed on our allies. These tariffs do nothing to stop China from undercutting American steel workers, & subject CO’s farmers and families to potential retaliation. … Senate #FarmBill is good for Colorado and a great example of what can be accomplished when we work in a bipartisan way. Now that it passed out of committee, we should move quickly to bring it to the Senate floor.pic.twitter.com/GOx1KD8c0G Spoke with @COHistoryDay students this afternoon about the importance of studying our past. I told them that when Washington makes bad decisions, it’s usually because of an ignorance of history. We’re counting on them to correct that.pic.twitter.com/707Kr2dhsG Pikes Peak region needs access to the best science as they address PFAS drinking water contamination. Unacceptable that @EPA has blocked an @HHSGov study on PFAS. I sent a bipartisan letter demanding the administration release this report. … Joined @SenFeinstein and 30 other colleagues to introduce legislation to end cruel and inhumane separation policy. … Thanks to the many Coloradans who took the time to share their views. The bill benefited from ideas gathered from across our state. The bipartisan Senate #FarmBill makes vital investments in CO agriculture, conservation, & rural economic growth. Tomorrow we’ll work in Senate Ag Cmte to improve the bill & provide certainty to communities nationwide.  …  cc: @SenateAgDems @SenateAgGOP My brother James, sister Holly, and I regret to announce that our father, Douglas J. Bennet, Jr., died peacefully yesterday. Here is a statement from us:pic.twitter.com/fFl2WXxCkC Thankful for Teddy Roosevelt’s foresight to sign the #AntiquitiesAct into law on this day in 1906. He understood the value of protecting our cultural and natural resources. Today, we celebrate the many public lands we enjoy in Colorado and all over the country. #Monumentsforallpic.twitter.com/3xfFI3q4p9 Sent letters to @SEC_News & @CFTC calling for investigation to see if irregular financial activity occurring around econ data releases, given @realdonaldtrump  tweet. And letters to @BLS_gov and @WhiteHouseCEA to ask tough questions on data protocols.  … … Introduced legislation to keep families together by preventing DHS from taking children from their parents at the border. Separating children from their parents is both cruel and immoral. Congress must take a stand and end this policy immediately. … Puerto Rican children and families continue to suffer from Hurricane Maria’s devastation. We cannot stand idly by as our fellow American citizens still lack access to shelter, water, and power. They deserve more from all of us. But that program ends on June 30th, and without proper assistance, many of these families will be forced into homelessness.  @FEMA has the tools to help them. Today I met with a group of Puerto Rican families whose homes were destroyed by Hurricane Maria. Eight months later, they are among 7,000 families living in short-term housing throughout the country.pic.twitter.com/A58C1QOfkP On the 55th anniversary of the #EqualPayAct, it’s unacceptable that women still make just 80₵ for every $1 a man earns.   That's why I support the #PaycheckFairnessAct, so we can eliminate the wage gap and ensure that women earn equal pay for equal work. Sent letter today demanding Trump admin stop traumatizing children & end its inhumane policy of separating kids from families who cross the border seeking asylum in the US. This policy does nothing to make us safer & violates what we stand for as a country … Joined @SenCoryGardner to introduce STATES Act to provide more certainty to patients, businesses, & consumers in CO. Congress needs to join 21st century on marijuana regulation. This bill even more important since AG Sessions upended the will of our state by rescinding Cole Memo. We will work to include these four energy provisions in the #FarmBill to provide funding for projects that create jobs, secure our electricity systems & combat climate change. We must ensure that rural communities are included in the clean energy economy. As we look to the future of clean energy, we must invest in innovative, secure, and low-carbon technologies—especially in rural communities. … We’re also urging @SenateAgDems & @SenateAgGOP to include provisions in the #FarmBill that promote soil health. This is a meaningful way to sustain a strong farm economy. … With prolonged drought & challenging farm economy, we're committed to helping farmers find solutions that increase revenues & protect the environment. That’s why we intro'd a bill to promote soil health to increase yields & enhance climate resilience. … Colorado's infrastructure requires significant investment to keep pace with the enormous growth of new residents & tourists. W/@SenCoryGardner, announcing two grants to make improvements to the critical links to the high country & Southern CO. … Today’s ruling does nothing to change Colorado’s strong anti-discrimination law. At the same time, the Court’s attempt to balance this commitment with sincerely-held religious beliefs reminds us of our broader obligation to practice tolerance and fight discrimination. … North Korea’s nuclear program, unfair trade practices, a broken immigration system, and rising health care costs are just a few of the issues Coloradans & Americans are relying on us to fix. The President’s tweets this morning show how little he’s got his eye on the ball. Two centuries after explorer Zebulon Pike—for which Pikes Peak is named—made his journey across the West, we’re working to designate the Pike National Historic Trail. Celebrate #NationalTrailsDay by honoring this pioneer & hitting the trail today.pic.twitter.com/zwb2oZLTQM Whether at the Vatican or among melting snowcaps in Colorado, one thing is clear: #climatechange is a growing threat that we must address now. The Pope continuing to take an active role shows the importance of protecting our planet for future generations. … One year ago today, @POTUS withdrew from the #ParisAgreement. Despite this wrongheaded move, Colorado continues to lead the way toward a #cleanenergy economy with measurable goals to combat #climatechange & meet the Paris standards. This is what progress looks like. It's far past time for action. #GunViolenceAwarenessDaypic.twitter.com/CyLdTMjebH With hundreds of billions of dollars at stake, we need to determine if @POTUS sharing highly sensitive information is an isolated incident. There is a reason this information is made public at a specific time on a specific day. That protocol exists to avoid stock market manipulation. If the President does not have the discipline to refrain from tweeting it, he should no longer have access to this advance information. … 40% of inmates enter the prison system with a substance use disorder. To successfully transition back to their communities after their sentences, they need drug treatment. 7 of my colleagues and I are asking @USGAO to examine treatment programs offered at correctional facilities.pic.twitter.com/JYV1CJJVJG This letter—from a bipartisan, multi-state delegation—demonstrates how important the Southwest Chief passenger train is to economic development of southern Colorado. These communities have upheld their commitments, and @Amtrak should do the same. … Had the opportunity to join @SenBennetCO for roundtable prior to town hall. Topics: ICE detention, Census citizen question, Refugee resources, DACA, affordable housing, Dept of Ed reform, VA and more. #Aurora #copolitics … We're LIVE at our #townhall in Aurora. Tune in on Facebook:  … With leaders in Aurora discussing the value of immigrants and refugees in our communities and the need for more affordable higher education & housing. We’re continuing the conversation at my #townhall starting soon. Join us LIVE on Facebook →  pic.twitter.com/U5OFxHyE5T We're holding a #TownHall in Aurora today at 4:30 PM MT. If you can't join us in person, watch the live stream on Facebook and comment with your feedback and questions. … The administration also should take action to fully enforce existing legal protections for unaccompanied minors and ensure they are able to reunite safely with their family members. The Trump administration’s “zero tolerance” policy is cruel and does not make our country more secure. Instead of spreading falsehoods, @POTUS can and should end his policy of separating children from their parents at the border. This weekend’s Fort Carson Ceremony honored two fallen Special Forces soldiers by adding their names to the memorial stone. The Colorado Springs Ceremony honored El Paso County’s 3 Medal of Honor recipients. We are grateful to every Coloradan who has fought for our country.pic.twitter.com/7NAropV1sE This #MemorialDay, we honor the millions of brave men and women who sacrificed their lives in defense of our country. We are forever in their debt for the freedoms we hold dear. Thank you to those who fought for the creation of Pikes Peak National Cemetery so CO’s veterans can lay, in eternal rest, near communities they called home. After nearly decade of work, this cemetery is a credit to never giving up & a testament to these men and women's sacrifice.pic.twitter.com/6GM9uJJfpl President Trump is trading away our long-term interests in exchange for short-term headlines. Instead of threatening a trade war, @POTUS should focus on policies that protect American workers and strengthen our economy.  The Trump administration is protecting a Chinese company that violated a trade embargo against Iran, illegally shipped equipment to North Korea & lied to the American government about it. Americans—regardless of party—should be concerned about this reported deal. … It is not surprising that North Korea derailed these negotiations. Instead of emotional, outburst-driven "diplomacy," the President must do the hard work to develop a comprehensive strategy in coordination with our partners. North Korea’s nuclear program continues to pose a grave threat to the international community and to our allies and servicemembers in the region. Thank you to @SLVHealth CEO Konnie Martin for your testimony in today’s Senate hearing. I couldn’t agree with you more that “where you live should not determine if you live.” We must take steps to improve access to quality care in Colorado’s rural communities. #ruralhealth … Check out our new website features:  - Service menu so we more easily help you cut through red tape - Share Your Stories tool to amplify #VoicesOfCO - Press release search function by topic and date - Meeting & event request form to streamline scheduling  NEWS: We launched a new website, overhauling our digital presence to improve constituent services & increase access to information for Coloradans, organizations, and media outlets.  →  pic.twitter.com/Wr08R1GhL9 We owe it to our kids to figure out how devices & apps affect their health. That's why we asked @NIH to assess research on tech addiction. Congress has a vital role to play on matters of public health & we should legislate on basis of sound evidence. … My statement on the elections held in Venezuela this past weekend:pic.twitter.com/FqE5BKkaKi Honored to pay tribute this past weekend to Mayor Steve Hogan’s incomparable legacy. Colorado is a better place to live, work, and raise a family because of his more than 40 years of public service. He will be greatly missed. … Two major public land bills we intro'd to protect San Juan Mtns & Continental Divide/Camp Hale reflect consensus from county commissioners, sportsmen & veterans. We’ll keep working to ensure Washington recognizes & respects Colorado’s leadership on public lands. #COPublicLandsDaypic.twitter.com/rLmwaKBD0Y Public lands are vital to outdoor recreation & local economies. It's why Colorado was the first state to establish a holiday to honor our peaks, slopes, rivers & grasslands. So spend some time outside today, because it doesn't get much better than this. #COPublicLandsDaypic.twitter.com/ReYV6MiFSh As #NationalPoliceWeek comes to a close, we take a moment to recognize the men & women in law enforcement who keep our communities safe, as well as the Colorado officers lost in the line of duty this year. We are forever indebted to your bravery & service. That’s why I signed a letter w/ more than 200 members of Congress opposing this gag rule. 4 million people rely on #TitleX-funded health centers around the country. Stripping patients of their rights to make informed decisions about their reproductive health is just plain wrong. Rather than taking steps to improve patient care, @POTUS is reinstating the “gag rule,” putting us on a backward path to when women couldn’t access safe & reliable health care. #TitleX … Santa Fe, our hearts are with you.  How many more mornings will start this way? How many more lives will be taken? This is appalling. We have to take action. Great news today for SW Colorado: Two of our bills were approved by @EnergyDems & @EnergyGOP that will name peaks in honor of distinguished mountaineers & help establish a fire station along the West Fork. … I voted no because I am concerned about the President’s stated position on torture. The use of so-called interrogation techniques harmed our nation’s standing in the world, and it is critical that we move past that dark period of the agency’s history. I deeply admire my friend @SenJohnMcCain and echo his sentiments about the service of Gina Haspel. Thanks for having me, @ColoradoStateU. After reading about your laser beam work earlier this year, it was inspiring to see your researchers in action. Learn more about how Colorado is on the cutting-edge of micro-scale nuclear fusion:   … We need more #cleanenergy job training: 70% of energy sector employers reported difficulty hiring qualified workers over the last year. What’s more, the U.S. #solar workforce increased by 25% in 2016, but declined 6% in 2017. We can do better. Report:  …pic.twitter.com/j5wOeg2FRe It's Laurel. Congress has a responsibility to update our laws for the 21st century to reflect the digital economy. From #netneutrality to privacy and data security, we need to work in a bipartisan way to protect consumers & promote innovation on the internet. Today—thanks to momentum around Colorado & the country—we gained enough support in the Senate to force a vote on a resolution to restore enforceable #netneutrality rules. But this vote is not the end. Our republic lives in the ties between us. And those ties live, not in a frozen past, but in the small choices we make every day. Class of 2018, your work as citizens exists now. #CMesaUgradpic.twitter.com/LBTcZDbSUg ICYMI: Our nation’s list of Founders did not end in the 18th century; it extends to all those who followed—including the Class of 2018. Here’s what I shared with them at @ColoradoMesaU this past weekend. … 140,000 Coloradans have contacted our office about #NetNeutrality. Listen to my interview with @KOANewsRadio on why a fair & open internet is essential to economic growth, innovation, & the free exchange of ideas in our democracy. … #ICYMI: On "Colorado's Morning News" @KOANewsRadio  Colorado @SenBennetCO discusses today's vote on net neutrality and, reports that North Korea may want to pull out of the meeting with @POTUS, and other hot button issues, with @AprilZesbaugh and me.  …pic.twitter.com/MjR6PbFXYt Tune into KOA Radio now to hear about the vote we’re forcing in the Senate today to protect #NetNeutrality. … Ignoring climate threats risks the safety of our military facilities and our ability to train our forces. We’re asking @DeptofDefense why changes were made to the report: … Last week, @washingtonpost reported that information was removed from a Pentagon report showing how #climatechange threatens military readiness. … From @washingtonpost Ed Board: “Compassionate & realistic” health care proposals exist. One of them is #MedicareX, my plan w/ @timkaine to create a public option that provides quality & affordable insurance with the ultimate goal of universal coverage. … Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to every mother working hard not just today, but every day, to raise the next generation of Americans. And a special shoutout to my wife, Susan, an incredible mother to our three daughters.pic.twitter.com/X5VCdtXw9u The vigilant work of the men and women of NORAD is critical to the security of North America, and their mission will endure in the decades to come as Canada and the United States respond together to evolving threats. Congratulations to NORAD for reaching this impressive 60-year milestone. Colorado is honored to be home to the world’s only binational command, which is a model for collective defense. … Congratulations, Mavericks! Honored to be a part of your commencement this morning. Watch live now:   #CMesaUgradpic.twitter.com/wle2YWXosi The 2018 Commencement dignitaries  #CMesaUgradpic.twitter.com/dTuHUNtA8Z Excited to be at @ColoradoMesaU graduation this morning. Going over final details in the commencement address. Tune into the livestream here:   #CMesaUgradpic.twitter.com/SfCVT6lMvv #TBT to casting the deciding vote to protect the #BLMMethaneRule exactly one year ago. We’ll keep urging the administration to listen to Western voices before considering any other changes.pic.twitter.com/HSKXKW9bxe This photo was taken one year ago today, right after we blocked @SenateGOP from rolling back the BLM Methane Rule. We’re still fighting to keep this rule in place & protect the health of Coloradans. … Just finished up a briefing with @SecretarySonny, @SecretaryZinke, and @forestservice on the upcoming wildfire season and the Fire Funding Fix we passed earlier this year. Watch the video here:  …pic.twitter.com/61XgbbR9LC To celebrate #TeacherAppreciationDay, we’re highlighting stories of extraordinary teachers throughout Colorado. Send us a photo + quote or description of a teacher that’s influenced your life using #VoicesOfCO. We’ll share them all week.pic.twitter.com/N3zZiUX21w Coloradans have called our office nearly 8,000 times & written nearly 100,000 letters since @AjitPaiFCC announced he was rescinding #NetNeutrality last November. We are not backing down. We only need #OneMoreVote.pic.twitter.com/n426wHcwY4 County Commissioners across Colorado—both Democrats & Republicans—have said they support overturning this rule by the FCC. An open & free internet is a cornerstone of economic development in rural Colorado & rural America. We must #SaveNetNeutrality. Speaking with my colleagues today as we introduce a resolution to protect #NetNeutrality. We only need #OneMoreVote to pass it before the deadline next month. RT and raise your voice to save a free & open Internet. Full remarks here:  …pic.twitter.com/5grGCfE91e To celebrate #TeacherAppreciationDay, we’re highlighting stories of extraordinary teachers throughout Colorado. Send us a photo + quote or description of a teacher that’s influenced your life using #VoicesOfCO. We’ll share them all week.pic.twitter.com/N3zZiUX21w Thank you to every teacher in Colorado & across the country for the essential work you do for our kids & communities. As a former Superintendent, I know teaching is one of the toughest, most important jobs. On #TeacherAppreciationDay, and every day, we are grateful & support you.pic.twitter.com/8eXlQpfBWT U.S. intelligence has assessed Iran is in compliance with the JCPOA, and President Trump has offered no alternative path forward to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear capabilities. The President’s abandonment of the agreement is reckless. Since taking office, @POTUS has produced no strategy to counter Iran’s malevolent activities across the Middle East, all of which would be more dangerous if backed by a nuclear weapon. This hub for bioscience research at @CUBoulder has created a community of dedicated researches, startup founders, educators, and students. Thanks to Nobel Laureate Dr. Thomas Cech & everyone at @BioFrontiers for showing me the work you’re doing to improve human health. … Small businesses near national monuments depend on #publiclands for tourism, employees, and economic growth. Coloradans understand how integral they are to our state’s economy & as #SmallBusinessWeek comes to a close, we’re recommitting to protect #MonumentsForAll. #MonumentalMay Ending TPS for Hondurans forces tens of thousands of law-abiding individuals—many of whom are parents to children who are U.S. citizens—back to a country challenged by violence, poverty, & limited resources. This misguided decision also undermines stability in the region. … Washington should be making it easier for businesses in Colorado and around the country to innovate—not harder. We’re at @NREL supporting the important work they do to prepare the next generation of clean energy innovators. At @NREL’s Industry Growth Forum w/ @SenCoryGardner where cleantech investors & global energy companies are partnering to support innovation. There is a real opportunity for the financial sector to play a larger role in clean energy—to boost technology & create high-paying jobs.pic.twitter.com/giPaGDXeKs Always enjoy being back in the classroom—and meeting these middle schoolers was no exception. They're learning STEM skills to prepare for futures in Colorado's research & technology economy. Thanks to Principal Tom Dodd, 2017 National Principal of the Year, for inviting me.pic.twitter.com/VENux5CzIP Great visit to @ColoradoStateU this week—thanks for showing me around the Advanced Beam Lab, home to one of the most powerful lasers of its kind that has demonstrated nuclear fusion on a micro scale. We must continue supporting cutting-edge research like this across our state.pic.twitter.com/8v6v50Nzq1 Chuck Plunkett, @denverpost editorial page editor, told hard truths and stood up for local press. His departure is a loss for Colorado. A free, objective, and thriving press is essential to all of our communities. … Just before today’s @amazon fulfillment center grand opening in Aurora, speaking w/ GM & a craftsman about local partnerships. We’re thrilled that Amazon has selected Colorado to open a new center—proof that CO is not just a great place to live, but the best place to do business.pic.twitter.com/ZmTx6HmhgT + the many essential news outlets in Colorado   Thank you for the relentless work you do to discover and report the truth. #WorldPressFreedomDay … Weren't able to tune into @KOANewsRadio this morning for our discussion on teacher pay and school funding? #edcolo   Listen here: … We’re celebrating #SmallBusinessWeek at @Ride_Designs. This Littleton small business is using innovative research and design to modernize wheelchairs and improve patient care.pic.twitter.com/I2ytw34wgY We’re with young innovators from the QUAD Innovation Partnership dedicated to bettering their community in thoughtful, creative ways. Thanks for sharing so many impressive projects aimed at improving access to public transportation.pic.twitter.com/8Mjf1G4Hmi Had a great time this morning talking about #edcolo with @KOANewsRadio. Thanks for having me in the studio. … Inspired by these young apprentices who are learning the skills they need to succeed in the 21st century economy. It’s critical that we continue supporting & expanding apprenticeship programs like those at @Pinnacol & @CareerWiseCO to boost workforce development across our state. … Looking forward to joining @AprilZesbaugh and @LenzContact in studio this morning. Tune into @KOANewsRadio at 9:40am MT to hear our discussion on the recent teacher rallies and #edcolo funding. … Looking forward to joining @AprilZesbaugh and @LenzContact in studio this morning. Tune into @KOANewsRadio at 9:40am MT to hear our discussion on the recent teacher rallies and #edcolo funding. … It’s official: 9 days until we file our petition to save #NetNeutrality and ensure all Coloradans have access to a free & open Internet. We just need #OneMoreVote. RT and help us find one more lawmaker to push this over the finish line. … The Colorado teacher walkouts are part of a growing movement around the country. Read more on why it's so important that we listen to our teachers: … Coloradans want to take the long view and invest in our state’s future. To do this, we cannot neglect our schools. As a first step, we must find some way to prune the fiscal underbrush that threatens so deeply our investments in the future. Our children deserve better. Shrinking state budgets have increased class sizes, reduced vital support for students like mental health services & special education, and sometimes slashed school weeks to 4 days. We cannot allow mindless budget shortfalls to force wrongheaded changes to our kids' education. A few important stats: Colorado teachers are now earning less than they did 15 years ago, when compared to inflation. The gap between what a college graduate makes as a teacher and what she could make in another profession in our state is the largest in the country. First and foremost, we must listen to our teachers and educators. It was great to see former colleagues and friends on Friday as they spoke out about their experiences. #edcolopic.twitter.com/tfJ7BIPjZZ ICYMI: Thousands of Colorado teachers demonstrated at the state Capitol for better wages and greater support for public education last week. As a former Superintendent, here are some of my thoughts on the rallies.  .@SenBennetCO is at the Colorado teacher rally. Live:  …pic.twitter.com/WLJuWnggQd Colorado will continue to lead on water issues by bringing a diverse group of voices to the table—which is especially important as #climatechange creates new pressures in the West. Great conversation at #WaterintheWest2018 & great to see Ag Secs @SecretarySonny & Tom Vilsack.pic.twitter.com/xAQ5ci6bwU @SenBennetCO on the critical need for bipartisan collaboration and the use of our democratic systems: “These issues are not partisan, and we should not allow them to become partisan.”pic.twitter.com/z8oIJeqz12 #Colorado Senator Michael Bennet @SenBennetCO tells #WaterintheWest2018 audience we need to trust each other, not necessarily agree with each other, to manage water mgmt issues. Cheap disputes are irresponsible in context of the legacy we've inherited.pic.twitter.com/d6QMwcMcE5 The bipartisan #opioidbill we passed in the HELP Committee this week brings us one step closer to combating the epidemic. We secured three provisions in the bill that will help decrease opioid use & provide those with substance use disorders the most innovative treatments faster. In too many Colorado counties, hospitals are overwhelmed w/shortage of beds & specialists; courts are barely staying above water; jails are crowded b/c of limited resources for #opioid addiction treatment. We must invest in broader effort to respond to a crisis of this magnitude. Today thousands of Colorado teachers are demonstrating at the state Capitol for better wages and greater support for public education. We should listen to them. Op-ed in the @denverpost: … A very serious walk-and-talk in the Senate basement with a future @denverpost reporter. #TakeYourChildToWorkDaypic.twitter.com/QRpwKQ8Icy – bei Russell Senate Building But enough from me. Hear about the #OlympiansOnTheHill from the athletes themselves:pic.twitter.com/UYuEnI0uC8 For people in Colorado—and for these Olympic athletes—outdoor recreation is not just an avocation; it’s a vocation. #Climatechange is threatening the future of the #Olympics, local economies, and people’s livelihoods across the world. … Arielle Gold—Olympic snowboarder from Steamboat Springs—is using her platform to teach the next generation of Americans about the devastating effects of #climatechange. Athletes like @arielletgold are on the front lines, speaking out to save our planet. #COProud #VoicesOfCOpic.twitter.com/993Fz8o0Rh These 5 Olympic medalists are on the Hill this week urging Congress to take action on #climatechange. We must continue bringing new voices into the climate debate to push past partisan rhetoric and finally address this growing threat. #OlympiansOnTheHillpic.twitter.com/5vEFFYoAWx – bei U.S. Capitol Rotunda Steps Can’t wait to meet you, Naomi. If you’re anything like your dad, I’ll be awaiting some hard-hitting questions. … We need to make the investment in our kids—for their education, roads/bridges, health care—that our parents & grandparents were willing to make in us. Instead, we are burdening our children with massive debts before their futures even begin. My remarks from @SenateFinance:pic.twitter.com/hP4MgRpIKN These tokens from @campesinasunite are how farmworkers get paid for their work—and are worth pennies on the dollar. As one advocate told me, “They often don’t even have women bathrooms in the field.” We’ll keep up efforts until all workplaces are safe & just. #AllWorkSafeWorkpic.twitter.com/rXubMj4fNK Met an incredibly strong group of women advocating for farm worker protections this week. @campesinasunite played an instrumental role in launching #TimesUp to support those who experience sexual harassment. They’re also fighting for immigration reform and fair wages.pic.twitter.com/Zz3dpML3Z9 A reminder that this proposal is coming from a HUD Secretary who wanted to spend $31K on a dining set. Raising rent for people who can least afford it is just plain wrong—especially given the administration’s reckless use of taxpayer dollars. We are better than this as a country. … "There is no Planet B." - @EmmanuelMacron #ActOnClimate And we have a lot of respect for @arielletgold who is joining us in the Senate today to talk about #climatechange.   What questions do you have for us about how climate change is affecting winter sports, the #Olympics, and Colorado? #OlympiansOnTheHill … If you ever needed more reason to believe we must reform our campaign finance system, this is it. A government by the people for the people should not reward those who can write the biggest check. … Tomorrow I'm headed to Washington DC with @ProtectWinters  I am honored to use my platform to speak about something I feel strongly about. It’s time for Congress to listen about the future of my sport and why we need to protect snowy winters. #pow #PlanetEarth #olympiansonthehillpic.twitter.com/07mQcaogJv We’re talking about #climatechange today with Olympic champions—including Coloradan @arielletgold—to urge Congress to #ActOnClimate. What questions do you have for the Olympians on how climate change affects their sports?   #OlympiansOnTheHill CC: @ProtectWinters @citizensclimate Trying to branch out to a new genre on #NationalBookDay? Find out how I landed in the pages of V.S. Naipaul’s A Bend in the River, with advice from other avid readers like @nypl librarian, @goodreads editor, & @Belletristbooks. #BennetBookshelf … Celebrating some of my favorite authors and books today. What are yours? #NationalBookDay #BennetBookshelfpic.twitter.com/Ww0dAEJhya Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality officially takes effect. We must fight back to keep the internet open & free. All we need in the Senate is #OneMoreVote to pass a resolution to protect Colorado’s internet users. Help us find that vote. We need fresh policies like my #ChildTaxCredit w/ @SenSherrodBrown to cut child poverty nearly in half & like #MedicareX w/ @timkaine to increase quality health care coverage. @DLeonhardt is right: “It’s time to dream big again,” but we also must turn these dreams into reality. … We must have a conversation on #climatechange that includes Coloradans across political and rural-urban divides. Farmers and ranchers—often excluded from that conversation—are stewards of land and water who are already thinking about the next generation. … Some of my favorite memories are exploring beautiful mountains & lakes in Colorado. It's up to us to preserve these pristine places for the next generation. Good reminder on #EarthDay for myself & colleagues in both parties to think hard about how we can protect our only planet.pic.twitter.com/9emN99JuWH Important read about how we’re preparing for the next #FarmBill. We’re talking about drought, commodity prices, trade, and more. A bipartisan bill in the Senate is the only way to produce responsive legislation for Coloradans. … For over a decade, leaders in SW Colorado worked tirelessly to protect the San Juan Mountains. This wk, introduced legislation w/County Commissioner Hilary Cooper to create wilderness areas & uphold our public lands legacy for the next generation, including for her daughter Maia.pic.twitter.com/4rOUUWi772 19 years after the #ColumbineShooting, we continue to honor the memories of the 12 students & teacher who were taken too soon. We are inspired by the day of service created in the wake of this tragedy & reaffirm our commitment to keep our communities safe from gun violence. Awesome day introducing legislation to protect the San Juan Mountains with San Miguel County Commissioner Hilary Cooper and her daughter Maia. Showed them one of my favorite views out a window near the cloakroom where we dropped off the bill.pic.twitter.com/HU1qrZPBYj – bei United States Capitol Building Southwest CO has been working on legislation to protect San Juan Mountains for over a decade. We need more bills like this that are driven from the ground up. This photo is from a few years ago studying mountains w/@SanMiguelCO Commissioner who’s in DC today to introduce the billpic.twitter.com/nvd0Oebzg0 Look forward to greeting Maile Pearl on the Senate floor! … Last month, met w/ local leaders in Southwest Colorado to renew efforts to protect the San Juan Mountains & push our wilderness legislation over the finish line in Congress. Later today, @SanMiguelCO Commissioner Hilary Cooper will join me in Washington as we introduce the bill.pic.twitter.com/pfpQUA5fj2 Met some home-state champions in my D.C. office. Check out these medals from Paralympians @alananichols21 and @AmyPurdyGurl.  We couldn't be more proud that you're representing Colorado around the world. #COproud #paralympicspic.twitter.com/MJ2T4zkwmb Believing in climate change should be a requirement for an EPA Administrator. @EPAScottPruitt has failed on that front & others—putting polluters' priorities above Coloradans' health & safety. That's why we introduced a resolution calling for his resignation. #PollutingPruittpic.twitter.com/cgIaZLMGmL We cannot allow local press—a core pillar of our democracy—to fall away without a fight. That’s why @GovofCO declared this #ColoradoJournalismWeek. It’s past time we all take a stand for journalism. #RealNewsCO … It was inspiring to see so many Colorado teachers march at the Capitol yesterday. As more walkouts take place next week—continuing to build on a national movement—we stand with teachers & educators in calling for the pay they deserve & the funding their schools need to thrive. … Barbara Bush will forever be remembered by those who knew her, loved her, and were impacted by her dedication to public service. We'll commemorate her legacy by continuing her work toward universal literacy. In Colorado, we’re seeing cities like Boulder and Pueblo recognize climate change and choosing to go 100% renewable. We’re going to see more of this around the country as we weave these local goals into our national strategy for a clean energy economy. #POLITICOEnergy It should be a disqualification for the EPA Administrator not to believe in climate change. It’s time for @EPAScottPruitt to resign. The corruption of inaction that exists because of money in politics & Citizens United decision has plagued Congress, especially when it comes to #climatechange & #renewableenergy. It’s the ideas not proposed & bills not signed that are detrimental to our future. #POLITICOEnergy We forfeited a moral and economic position in the world by pulling out of the #ParisAgreement. But despite @POTUS, clean energy business owners and leaders will continue to innovate across our country. #POLITICOEnergy As the Trump administration tries to roll back progress on renewable energy, we're talking about the private sector's role in helping lead our nation in the 21st century. Tune in with @POLITICOLive to watch now #POLITICOEnergy → … Here’s one of many articles reporting exactly what we expected:   “Most of the extra cash from tax savings is going into the pockets of stock shareholders through dividend increases and companies buying back their own stock in hopes of boosting its price.” … Because of the irresponsible #GOPTaxBill, we are going to have about a trillion dollar deficit next year—and not during a recession, but at nearly full employment. We’re borrowing that money from our children & grandchildren to give tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans. #TaxDay We cannot forget history:  -Clinton left office w/surplus -GW Bush left office after cutting taxes twice w/$1.2 tril deficit -GOP didn't lift a finger to help Americans in '08 recession in name of “fiscal responsibility" -After #GOPTaxBill, we'll see $981 billion deficit next yrpic.twitter.com/GJ5EBmNutp Under #GOPTaxBill, 90 mil Americans making less than $50k/year see an avg of $192 extra in their pockets. Compare that to the 572,000 Americans at the top who now make over $1 mil extra/year. They will receive an avg tax cut of $64k this year. How does that make sense? #TaxDay As Americans file their taxes today, we’re taking the opportunity to revisit how fundamentally flawed the #GOPTaxBill is. Watch LIVE:  … #TaxDay Happening now! @SenBennetCO talks w. @BobCusack about his hopes for reauthorizing higher ed bill; Congress’ failure to do so would be like not turning in your homework for 6 years #TheHillLatinoEdu Watch:  pic.twitter.com/tiL9tEFc9F Across the country, Latino students are less likely than others to graduate with a four-year college degree. We need to fix this. Join our LIVE conversation today with @thehill to discuss college access & affordability:  … … With one of the top aerospace economies in the country, Colorado is the natural home for the #SpaceSymposium. The 34th annual conference started strong today in Colorado Springs—look forward to hearing the ideas discussed to strengthen our competitiveness & national security. … "Instead of slashing an already weakened safety net...we should [build] effective support systems that prevent poverty."   One way to do that & cut child poverty nearly in half would be to pass @SenSherrodBrown & my #ChildTaxCredit.   More here:  … … Libraries open doors for Coloradans by offering educational classes, workforce development, and a culture of lifelong learning. Access to information, and a focus on edited content, are critical for our society to continue to thrive. #NationalLibraryWeek Closed out #NationalLibraryWeek at Park Hill with librarian & Innovation Manager Annie Kemmerling. Thank you to librarians across the state for all of your work to provide the space and resources for engagement and education in your communities.pic.twitter.com/umaipuGJza Inspiring to see so many Coloradans gathered for this year's #MarchForScience. We must always focus on facts and invest in innovative research, national labs like @NREL, and ways to combat #climatechange. … The decision to use military force against the Syrian government must be made in pursuit of a comprehensive objective and with authorization from Congress. The Assad regime continues to conduct heinous attacks on the people of Syria, and it is clear deterrence has not worked. Having failed to articulate a strategy for the crisis in Syria, @POTUS risks pulling the United States into a broader conflict with this military action. New @amprog report features our Thompson Divide bill as pragmatic solution to help transition rural coal communities: "North Fork transition from coal-dependent economy provides insight into what policies & conditions rural economies need to become more diverse/sustainable" … Making paper airplanes & learning about conch shells at @ClaytonLearning. It was inspiring to see their innovative teaching in action. I'll bring the experiences from my visit back to Washington as we continue working to provide all kids with formative early childhood education.pic.twitter.com/hVgbhNG8ES As memories fade & survivors become fewer, we must never forget one of mankind’s darkest periods. We must teach our children about it & show by example how to promote justice & equality. We must all pledge to #neveragain let such evil flourish. A survey released today found that 41% of Americans—and 66% of young people—cannot say what Auschwitz was. This is one of several staggering statistics underscoring the importance of days like #HolocaustRemembranceDay that call on us to #NeverForget. Our working farms and ranches—and the wildlife habitat and communities they support—form our identity in Colorado. Great discussion this morning with @LTAlliance. We’re grateful for all of your hard work over the past 36 years. #Land4Allpic.twitter.com/2aSndQKBTC Thanks for visiting, @4H! These young Coloradans asked terrific questions on topics from immigration to health care. As they become the leaders our nation needs, I’ll keep working in Washington to help secure the future they deserve.pic.twitter.com/O0sZ9RJVjK The people of Colorado & all Americans deserve a leader who recognizes science, believes in #climatechange, and takes action to protect our children’s health & boost our economy’s competitiveness. That shouldn’t be too much to ask, yet @EPAScottPruitt has failed on every measure. .@EPAScottPruitt must respond to the many unanswered ethical questions asked by taxpayers & lawmakers, and he must resign. WATCH:  …pic.twitter.com/KOiNeDdpnH WATCH LIVE: @SenateDems are holding Scott Pruitt accountable for his reckless tenure at EPA. He’s put corporate profits ahead of guarding our health and safety while brazenly spending taxpayer money on himself. He should resign today.   Each year, women in Colorado are typically paid $8,058 less than men. For Latinas, that number jumps to $27,323. If that’s not evidence enough to change laws & policies preventing equal pay for equal work, I don’t know what is. Join us to support legislation to close the #paygap. In Colorado, over 50 local government officials, business leaders, @GovofCO, and @CDPHE have spoken out against @EPAScottPruitt’s reckless decision to roll back fuel efficiency standards. Our state knows this is backward. RT if you stand with us.pic.twitter.com/FM46y8RcBQ For American families, incomes have not kept up with rising costs of living. Coloradans tell me they feel trapped in a cycle of working so they have health insurance, but then spending too much on child care so they can work. Closing the #paygap is essential to break this cycle. #EqualPayDay represents how far women, on average, must work into 2018 to earn the same pay as men did in 2017. It’s mid-April. This is unacceptable. We must close the #paygap, pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct, and fight for policies that reflect our ideals as a nation. #NAFTA renegotiations should not conclude unless: 1. @POTUS keeps his promise to address unfair Canadian #dairy practices 2. Existing market access to Mexico & Canada for our farmers & ranchers is maintained  It’s up to @USTradeRep Lighthizer to follow through.pic.twitter.com/aIbKn4QYre For an administration that touts itself as “pro-business,” I don’t understand @EPAScottPruitt’s decision to roll back fuel efficiency standards.  Is he trying to make American cars less competitive?  Is he trying to stifle innovation?  Pruitt needs to go. Commonsense vehicle standards that were developed in collaboration with industry & will save families money should not be the victim of @EPAScottPruitt’s thoughtless agenda.  We’re fighting back from the Senate. LIVE now:  We shouldn't have to keep repeating this: … Who could have known tax cuts wouldn’t pay for themselves? Oh wait… … We stand with @DenverPost journalists–& journalists around our state/country–who are doing everything in their power to salvage newsrooms while continuing to inform communities. Thanks for all of your hard work to defend free press, use edited content & preserve our civic future. As the Editorial Board points out: “Reduction in quality leads to a reduction of trust.” In a hyper-partisan &“fake news” oriented world, a lack of trust in local papers is the last thing our society needs. A free & vigilant press is essential to our function as a democracy. Now the Rocky Mountain News is gone, and today over two dozen employees at @DenverPost are being shown the door (after years of other major cuts). This editorial is worth a read, because, as the headline indicates, we must save the Denver Post: … When I was Superintendent of Denver Public Schools, Rocky Mountain News & @DenverPost held each other accountable—resulting in accurate, high-quality journalism. I often say my job would have been very different were it not for reliable & objective local press. A bit of a long thread coming up, but it’s an issue I’ve felt strongly about my entire career—and even more so over the last few years, as we’ve seen a shift away from edited content toward partisan press. Congratulations to my colleague and friend, @SenDuckworth! Susan and I wish all the best to you & your family as you welcome Maile Pearl and make Senate history today. … Before @EPAScottPruitt was confirmed, I voiced concerns w/his failure to recognize #climatechange & science. His tenure confirmed those fears—he's failed to implement @EPA's mission & protect Colorado's kids. His actions also warrant ethical concern. He should resign immediately. .@Coloradoan: @EPAScottPruitt decision to roll back fuel efficiency standards could cost the avg Colorado household up to $2,700 in gas savings by 2030. This is a step in the wrong direction for our state’s economy, health & fight against #climatechange. … "One of the takeaways at Bennet's town halls is that all politics is indeed local." From "the mountain bike guy" to "Crested Butte mayor," talking to Coloradans is why I enjoy #TownHalls. It's the #VoicesOfCO that drive my work in Washington. Editorial: … Thinking back to a quote that drives the work I strive to do each day to leave this country better for our kids: "There is nothing new about poverty...What is new...is that we now have the resources, we now have the skills, we now have the technique to get rid of poverty." #MLK50 Every year on his birthday, we march in Denver’s Marade to honor Martin Luther King, Jr. & his Dream. Today we think back to his assassination 50 years ago & honor him with continued action to fulfill what he deemed the “promises of democracy.” #MLK50 … For months, my colleagues & I waited for @POTUS to meaningfully engage on a bipartisan immigration bill to increase border security resources & protect #Dreamers. Unfortunately, he failed to lead, & rather than find real solutions on immigration, he continues to stoke fear. 2/2 I have long advocated for strengthening border security as part of a comprehensive immigration reform package. Border security resources should be deployed with careful consideration, not as a politically motivated response. 1/2 Congratulations to the City of Durango for opening Lake Nighthorse for recreation. For years we worked with @DurangoRec @CityofDurango @usbr & @SenCoryGardner to advocate for public access. Now Coloradans can fish, boat, & paddle board on this great lake. … "I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars."   MLK Jr.'s words ring just as true today as they did 50 years ago. Although our politics may seem dark, I'm optimistic. There's more work for us ahead. #MLK50 I didn’t forget about that #MarchMadness bet @SenatorTester… @NovaMBB went all the way & I’m ready to celebrate with some of your finest beef jerky. … Coloradans have finally received $18 million in oil & gas revenues that have been rightfully theirs for years following the cleanup of Anvil Points. After years of bipartisan work, this is a win for the Western Slope. … Raising @NatlParkService fees will stifle local economies & create more barriers to access for underrepresented communities. Wrote @SecretaryZinke to relay Colorado concerns & will work to ensure our kids have a conservation legacy of which they are proud:  … … Sent a letter to @EPAScottPruitt with my colleagues demanding answers about his decision to roll back fuel efficiency standards. American consumers & families deserve to know about his involvement with the oil & auto industries. … .@EPA's announcement today is a politically motivated effort to weaken clean vehicle standards with no evidence or law to back up that decision. This is not a technical assessment, it is a move to demolish the nation’s program for #cleancars by @EPA   .@EPAScottPruitt's decision will hurt American families, American manufacturing, American jobs, and American innovation. The only winner is big oil. .@EPAScottPruitt's decision will lead to more carbon pollution. .@EPAScottPruitt's decision will result in fewer jobs. .@EPAScottPruitt's decision will disincentivize American manufacturers to create the most efficient cars of the future. .@EPAScottPruitt's decision will make families pay more for gas at the pump. Today’s announcement by @EPAScottPruitt that @EPA will roll back fuel efficiency standards is a step in the wrong direction. Here's why: It's our responsibility to continue the movement César Chávez inspired by fighting to end discrimination and ensure social and economic justice. On #CesarChavezDay, we remember his legacy in Colorado & across the country. Industrial #hemp is an important & legitimate agricultural crop in Colorado, which is why I’m working in Washington to make this true across the country. Grateful to State Sen. Don Coram for his leadership on this issue & for showing us his greenhouse in Montrose today.pic.twitter.com/9gjoal998F It was a beautiful morning in Ouray County. Looking forward to a busy day on the Western Slope!pic.twitter.com/jWbjeFOJcB Colorado continues to lead the nation in renewable energy as one of the top 10 states for #solar jobs. Now is the time to invest even more in solar & also #wind and #advancednuclear to keep us on the path toward a clean energy future. … At our second #townhall of the day in Gunnison. If you couldn't make it in person, watch LIVE:  …pic.twitter.com/20d5NPfrHC We’re LIVE with a packed house at our #TownHall in Salida. Watch here:  …pic.twitter.com/eyfyWPdzpN Wildfires continue to threaten Colorado. The #FireFix we secured last week will unlock resources for more wildfire mitigation & allow the @forestservice to complete the entirety of its mission. @DailySentinelGJ:  … Announcement: Holding two #TownHalls this THURSDAY in Salida and Gunnison. We’ll be at the Salida SteamPlant at 11:30am & at the Gunnison County Courthouse at 2:45pm. Reach out to my office with any questions. … Our commander-in-chief should not ban Americans who are qualified to serve in our military and willing to risk their lives for our country. … Today I stood with my family and thousands of others in Denver to join the young people across the nation saying #Enough. Our children are marching for their lives; it's time we listen and do something about it. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/EoDg12yqxC #ConnectColorado is a new initiative to help close the digital divide in our state. First up: Helping rural communities compete for $600 million in federal funding (secured in yesterday’s spending bill) by ensuring federal agencies provide timely answers to potential applicants. Colorado’s local leaders, especially in rural areas, have been at the forefront of innovative approaches to deliver high-speed, reliable, and affordable broadband to their communities. We must do everything we can to build on their work. That’s why I'm launching #ConnectColorado. Our farmers and ranchers want to be able to export the goods that they are producing here in the United States. They don’t need sympathy; they need the administration to act responsibly.pic.twitter.com/kN7xKcA2Jw Instead of lurching from one short-term spending measure to another, the #omnibus provides some much needed certainty. It includes a #FireFix that is particularly important to Colorado, and invests in #cleanenergy, LWCF, #infrastructure & #opioid abuse prevention & treatment. .@facebook's admission and willingness to address its shortsightedness should force us to have an honest and transparent conversation about how social media companies secure and monetize our data. Eight years ago, we raised concerns with Mark Zuckerberg about how @Facebook used and shared our personal information:pic.twitter.com/EAQWoiUcpO The Trump administration needs to behave responsibly when it comes to trade. That’s why I pressed USTR Lighthizer today on the real effects of the admin's rhetoric & trade policies on Colorado’s farmers and ranchers. In an already tough farm economy, they stand to bear the brunt. … This bipartisan #FireFix transforms & modernizes the @forestservice's capacity to restore forest health and mitigate & fight wildfires. It allows the Forest Service to complete the entirety of its mission, without being undermined by the pressures of fire. 3/3 Because of the pressures that #wildfires have brought to the West, as well as the challenges of climate change & development, the antiquated way we pay for firefighting needed dramatic change. 2/3 NEWS: We secured a #FireFix in the #omnibusbill. This + other land management priorities are the result of years of foundational bipartisan work. @forestservice plays an important role in CO's economy & its ability to budget effectively is critical to our economic success. 1/3 .@POTUS should heed the Senate Intel Committee’s bipartisan recommendations for securing our voting systems and deterring those who aim to interfere in our elections. His inaction is confounding & leaves our democracy vulnerable to future attacks—from Russia and others. When the #MethaneRule was created in 2016, 75% of Westerners supported it. That’s because public feedback was considered in the process. @SecretaryZinke needs to do the same before he revises the rule. This affects too many Coloradans to act without their input. The #MethaneRule protects the health & safety of Western communities. Before @BLMNational revises it, @SecretaryZinke must listen to public input. With @RepRaulGrijalva & Western lawmakers, urging @Interior to hold public hearings & extend comment period. … We need a process that properly considers our political goals in Yemen and the region and a strategy to achieve them, as well as human rights, humanitarian conditions, the cost of conflict, and our geopolitical interests. Voted to begin debate on Yemen Resolution bc I believe we’re overdue to have a discussion on U.S. policy toward Yemen. I would have preferred for that debate to start in the Senate Foreign Relations Cmt, where we should also consider authorization of military force more broadly. On #NationalAgDay, we’re celebrating the farmers and ranchers for the food, feed, & fuel they provide, the land & water they conserve, and the security they bring our rural communities. Thank you for all you do. … If the administration is serious about our children's safety, this commission would include a large, diverse group of voices to consider all perspectives & possible solutions. Including only 4 members of @POTUS' cabinet does not give me confidence in the outcomes of this effort. … During #WomensHistoryMonth, introduced a resolution to recognize the contributions of Latinas in Colorado & and around the country—from developing acequias, to driving innovation, to advocating for civil rights.pic.twitter.com/2w6F1XWr5B We’ve seen too many instances of bad actors using social media tools to degrade public debate here and around the world. It’s time for an honest and transparent conversation about how we can ensure these technologies strengthen our society, not tear us apart. … Grand Junction is the ideal home for @BLMNational headquarters & we intend to show @SecretaryZinke exactly why. Reasonable cost of living, high quality of life & support from the community—all ways to attract top talent & improve the agency.  … Coloradans are proud to know that for decades to come people around the world will say: "There goes the Colorado."  With veterans, families & the Commissioning Committee, we celebrated the newly-commissioned #USSColorado & her crew today. Wishing you fair winds & following seas.pic.twitter.com/cnxsCS2xpU In the years ahead, Coloradans will be standing behind the #USSColorado & her crew as she silently protects our interests around the world. She will lead missions that shape this century. It was an honor to have been part of the commissioning ceremony.   Any effort to interfere with Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation would create a constitutional crisis and undermine the rule of law​. The deputy attorney general should let the investigation continue without political interference. … A windy, Colorado welcome to the Naval Submarine Base in Groton, CT with my daughter, Anne, for the commissioning of the #USSColorado. Live stream the ceremony starting soon:  …pic.twitter.com/ojCuxfHggp This is a sad moment for journalism in Colorado. Edited content and local journalism are essential components of our democratic republic. We must do all we can to secure access to a free and vigilant press. … .@SecretaryZinke: We can think of no better permanent home for the @BLMNational headquarters than Grand Junction, CO. Come visit the Western Slope and see for yourself.   CC: @DOIDepSec  & @SenCoryGardnerpic.twitter.com/qZmoUquCSL This is a long overdue step toward imposing sanctions Congress passed w/ overwhelming bipartisan support in response to Russia’s destabilizing activities & election interference. Without further action, @POTUS is leaving the door open to future interference—from Russia & others. We are just months away from midterm elections & @POTUS advisors continue to warn of Russian interference & disinformation efforts. This partial action does not replace need for comprehensive strategy to deter future threats, including to critical infrastructure & election system … Down to the wire, but finished filling out my #MarchMadness bracket. Putting a 6-pack of Colorado's finest IPA on the line with my friend @SenatorTester.pic.twitter.com/TIVFdjFvDs At a time when China is spending more than $400 billion a year on research, we should not be scaling back programs like @ARPAE as @POTUS’ budget proposes. Watching Appropriations hearing & holding @SecretaryPerry to his assurance to maintain this innovative energy program. This month, there will be science fairs in schools across Colorado. If we do our job, we can ensure that, when those kids graduate from college, @ARPAE not only exists but continues to thrive. Read my full remarks from #ARPAE18: … Despite @POTUS’ budget proposal that eliminates @ARPAE, we’ve been assured from @ENERGY that @SecretaryPerry fully supports the program. Let’s make sure he follows through on this assurance in his Appropriations testimony this morning. Never gets old, @Rockies. Happy #PiDay!pic.twitter.com/glFireirqy No matter what our political environment, the collective imagination of the American people is an awesome force. We will find ways to innovate around our challenges, unlock the promise of #cleanenergy, & maintain America’s leadership at the frontier of human innovation. #ARPAE18pic.twitter.com/3XIBW9fH7k Thank you @ARPAE for having me. We must ensure ARPA-E & other funding sources for innovative energy technologies exist for the next generation of scientists, researchers, & entrepreneurs. I will do my part to ensure this administration secures these critical programs. #ARPAE18 … Facetiming Anne & Caroline to see thousands of students walking out of school in CO. As a parent, every time a mass shooting occurs, I have a conversation with my daughters—a conversation we should not need to have. Our nation’s kids are speaking up. We need to listen. #Enoughpic.twitter.com/3RGAOK4KrP My daughters & their friends just sent these photos of the thousands gathered outside Denver's East High School. Inspired by all of the students across Colorado demanding that we take action and say #NeverAgain. #NationalWalkoutDaypic.twitter.com/20ashb1gKj – bei East High School We remember those who were killed in the Columbine High School massacre in 1999:  Cassie Bernall Steven Curnow Corey DePooter Kelly Fleming Matthew Kechter Daniel Mauser Daniel Rohrbough William Sanders Rachel Scott Isaiah Shoels John Tomlin Lauren Townsend Kyle Velasquez We remember the student killed in the Platte Canyon High School shooting in 2006: Emily Keyes We remember those who were killed in the Aurora theater shooting in 2012: Jonathan Blunk Alexander Boik Jesse Childress Gordon Cowden Jessica Ghawi John Larimer Matt McQuinn Micayla Medek Veronica Moser-Sullivan Alex Sullivan Alexander Teves We remember the student killed in the Arapahoe High School shooting in 2013: Claire Davis We remember those who were killed in the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooting in 2015:  Police Officer Garrett Swasey Ke'Arre M. Stewart Jennifer Markovsky We remember those who were killed in the Thornton Walmart shooting in 2017:  Carlos Moreno Victor Vasquez Pamela Marques We remember the lives of the three sheriff’s deputies lost this year since New Year’s Eve:  Deputy Zackari Parrish Deputy Micah Flick Deputy Heath Gumm As students across Colorado & the country walk out of school today to say #EnoughIsEnough, we stand with you & commit to act. We also remember those who were killed in our state’s worst mass shootings & will share their names throughout the day. #NationalWalkoutDay Speaking at @ARPAE Energy Innovation Summit this morning on how we power our world with #cleanenergy while protecting a warming planet. Look forward to seeing Colorado projects featured from @NREL, @ColoradoStateU, @CUBoulder, @coschoolofmines & more. APPLY TODAY: Attend the Colorado Capital Conference this summer to interact with our nation’s leaders in Washington, D.C. Past speakers include members of Congress, Presidential cabinet members & reporters. Applications are due on MARCH 21. Learn more:  …pic.twitter.com/0sJEDLakeb Great news from @usdaRD: Southeast Colorado Power Association will receive $13 million to modernize #infrastructure and spur new business. This loan supports our broader efforts to incent the building of more resilient infrastructure with smarter & cleaner technologies. … Because of issues w/ #VeteransChoice, sent a bipartisan letter to @SecShulkin urging him hold Health Net—the primary contractor in CO—accountable for its frustrating & completely avoidable customer service problems & late payments to community providers. … Our office has worked w/ veterans & community providers to address problems w/ #VeteransChoice Program. We'll keep pressure on @DeptVetAffairs until vets receive high-quality care in a manner that makes sense for them & providers get payment they're owed.  … Today @SecretaryZinke announced “the check is in the mail” for CO communities waiting on $18 mil in revenues from Anvil Points. Since arriving to Senate in 2009, I’ve pushed for this outcome—including w/ this letter to Zinke. This is great news for Coloradans on Western Slope.pic.twitter.com/kSONrBqBvM Instability in our foreign policy puts us at risk. We need diplomatic ability to address profound foreign policy challenges, such as North Korean nuclear program, Russian interference & increasing Chinese influence. @StateDept needs leadership & investment, not chaos & discord. .@POTUS clearly has a hard time with someone who even softly challenges his haphazard, tweet-based foreign policy. He is doubling down on a small-minded approach to a complicated world. … .@POTUS' inaction on Russian election interference not only opens the door to future interference, it invites it—from Russia and others. He should condemn Putin’s anti-Semitic remarks, and he should take steps to hold those responsible for election meddling accountable. For any young professional in need of some #MondayMotivation, take a listen to this clip from @SXMPOTUS interview with my Chief of Staff. I can guarantee your first day of work went better than his as an assistant on Capitol Hill:  … .@BetsyDeVosED just told us she has not visited any under-performing schools as Sec of Education. It becomes more apparent every day that her appointment is an insult to students, families, teachers, principals, and communities that are fighting to improve their public schools. … Could not agree more—Coloradans know we need to fix the @forestservice budget by working across the aisle. It’s why we’ll keep pushing to include a fire fix in the upcoming omnibus. … The administration must ensure any steps taken advance our interests and credibly address the threat without elevating the North Korean regime. That includes working with our partners and allies in the region, enforcing sanctions, and fully resourcing our diplomatic posts. The stakes are high. DPRK’s nuclear program poses a grave threat to the international community. Lastly, my wife & daughters inspire me every single day. Whether as professors, students, performers, or marchers—they’re pushing boundaries and standing up for progress in a time that needs more women in charge. #InternationalWomensDaypic.twitter.com/p59zs6VIVp At @uscapitol last wk, met @gitanjaliarao. @Boyscouts delegate, Top Young Scientist of 2017, accomplished pianist…I was so impressed I called her mother in CO to tell her about our meeting. The world will be watching as she continues to invent & inspire. #InternationalWomensDaypic.twitter.com/uN0PijFDyQ In Syrian @ZaatariCamp, this group of young women showed grit & determination to take control of their futures, learning new languages and skills, and sharing information with one another. They embody the “Press for Progress” theme that we reflect on this #InternationalWomensDay.pic.twitter.com/XLwQhfjNhZ On this #InternationalWomensDay, taking a moment to recognize some of the powerful, resilient women who have inspired me and countless others this past year. Retaining ski fees in our national forests will strengthen the partnership b/n @forestservice & our outdoor rec industry and provide new opportunities in our mountain communities. This is a good example of bipartisan, commonsense policy. … Train horns have disturbed too many Colorado communities for too long. We've worked for years to make commonsense adjustments to Train Horn Rule. Sent letter urging new @USDOTFRA Admin to finish the job & make the rule more flexible & cost-effective. … Our communities are being ripped apart by #opioid addiction, but they're also seeing promise in new approaches to combat the epidemic. New bill would invest in innovative programs, based on successful pilot in CO, to reduce opioid usage around the country:  … We're LIVE hearing from survivors, parents & law enforcement on how we can reform our nation's gun laws & keep our families safe. More than anything, we need to listen to our communities to inform our actions in Congress. Watch & hear their testimonies:  Our fire season is no longer a "season," that's a prime example of how our climate change problem is affecting all of us. - @SenBennetCO #answerwithaction My hope is that we can find a way to build a diverse coalition that includes farmers and ranchers in Colorado to move forward and #ActOnClimate. This doesn't need to be a partisan issue. #AnswerWithActionpic.twitter.com/SpOiXEbW1D We're LIVE with @Patagonia Action Works discussing the importance of breaking the political gridlock around climate change. #AnswerWithAction Watch here:  pic.twitter.com/9xtYJhpRAG There’s no problem we couldn’t solve if lawmakers in Washington took their jobs as seriously as County Commissioners do in Colorado. We must empower local decision-makers & make the federal gov work better for Coloradans. Great meeting today on #broadband, #publiclands & more.pic.twitter.com/CogohaCQb8 If we control our energy future in this country, we control our destiny. And we may have an answer to the question of whether we can have an economy that drives wage growth and reduces inequality.  —@SenBennetCO #NuclearReimaginedpic.twitter.com/IwpdIEHqQ3 We’re LIVE now discussing advanced nuclear. Watch here:   #NuclearReimagined … Since @POTUS announced his decision to end #DACA, more than 21,000 #Dreamers have lost status. B/c of today's manufactured deadline, thousands more are at risk. We’ll keep fighting for a legislative fix, but let’s be clear: the onus falls on Trump to fix the crisis he created. "As we look back & cheer the exploits of Team USA in #PyeongChang2018, let's also honor the history that allowed our athletes to be there. Let's protect #CampHale." -@ColoSkiMuseum Director in @VailDaily discussing our #ContinentalDivide bill. Read more:  The books currently covering my coffee table. → Follow my Instagram @senbennetco for more books, authors, and comments from the #BennetBookshelf. #SaturdayMorningpic.twitter.com/dyLfnr4XMd Olivia, it was great meeting you. Thanks for showing me the @TicktrackerAPP you created. We’re proud to have a Denver native doing such important work to fight Lyme disease. … When asked about deficit spending at @NiwotHS last week, saw the perfect opportunity to turn to the blackboard & work through policy with some bright AP Gov students. Thanks to CO’s Principal of the Year, Eric Rausckolb, for having me.  Read more:  …pic.twitter.com/PNjjaENVLp .@POTUS action on steel and aluminum tariffs, motivated by his political whims rather than effective policy, will invite retaliation and isolate us further from our trading partners. Provoking a global trade war with reckless tweets puts American jobs and businesses at risk and increases costs for American families. We need a thoughtful and aggressive response to China’s overproduction of steel and aluminum, but blanket tariffs are not the answer. … In Otero County last year, met police who don’t just patrol streets, but also must be trained to use antidotes for overdoses. Coloradans deserve action from Congress on #opioidcrisis. That’s why we intro’d a bill to track prescriptions in electronic system & reduce opioid abuse. Break your reading rut! Tips from top @nypl librarian, @goodreads geniuses, @SenBennetCO, and @Belletristbooks @RobertsEmma (lover of post-apocalyptic sci fi!)  … (open link!)pic.twitter.com/812RibkeNt Stuck in a reading rut? Sen. Bennet and @erin_gs have ideas for how to branch out to new books! … A meta moment this morning reading about my reading habits in the @WSJ.   Find out how @nypl librarian, @goodreads editor, @Belletristbooks @RobertsEmma, and I break into new genres. → …   And look out for more insights on the latest #BennetBookshelf.pic.twitter.com/DJIdjdk0nf On this #RareDiseaseDay, Coloradans & people all over the country are speaking up to #ShowYourRare. It’s your voices that inspire us to keep fighting for legislation to find innovative cures & improve health outcomes for millions. #ACEKidsAct #Race4ChildrenAct “If the kids in Parkland are being brave enough to stand up and do this, we can be brave enough to stand up with them.” – @DICKS CEO.   As lawmakers committed to creating a better world for the next generation, we should follow suit, listen to our children, & take action now. … NEW: Introduced bill with @SenDeanHeller @SenWarren & @SenToomey to combat the #opioidcrisis by requiring E-Prescriptions so states can track opioid use & reduce overdoses.  … We are just one vote away from passing a resolution in the Senate to overturn the @FCC's wrongheaded decision on #NetNeutrality. RT this video & help us find that vote. #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/wSOeGH3BeL We all must stand up against hate. This unsettling report is evidence of the need to reaffirm our commitment to the American values that make our nation strong. … On this Natl Day of Action, rallied with @SenateDems to urge my Republican colleagues to help us #SaveTheInternet. We only need #OneMoreVote to pass a CRA that keeps #NetNeutrality in place. RT and raise your voice to support net neutrality.pic.twitter.com/BC3jsFJfvF Coloradans know that a free & open Internet is essential to our democracy & economy—which is why they’ve called our office over 4,000 times & written 82,000 letters urging Congress to #SavetheInternet since @AjitPaiFCC announced he was rescinding #NetNeutrality last year. .@USDA predicts nearly a 7% decrease in net farm income, meaning less money in the pockets for Colorado’s farmers and ranchers. That’s why we’re holding listening sessions across the state & working on the upcoming #FarmBill to help turn this trend around.  … The President’s 30% #solar tariff is undermining job opportunities & preventing energy infrastructure projects from being built in Colorado. That’s why with @SenatorTimScott I’m urging @POTUS to lift the #TrumpTariffs and protect American workers. … Thank you @HirshPrecision & @FRCC for a glimpse into the Precision Machining Technology Program. Your partnership is an example of an innovative approach to finding solutions for our 21st century workforce needs. #manufacturing #educationpic.twitter.com/XupSypCmKH Inspiring to see CO students learning about healthy eating & our state’s vital agriculture economy at "Our Lands to Your Hands" event. Enjoyed spending time with 4th graders & educators. Thanks Longmont/Boulder Valley Conservation Districts for collaborating to educate our kids.pic.twitter.com/YZNpr2US8o Great visit at @UNC_Colorado for Future Teacher Day this weekend. Spoke to a room full of 500 future educators who are ready & eager to teach. We’re working on ways to better support our next generation of teachers—especially from rural Colorado. … As member of new Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform, hope we can develop reforms to our budget process that will force accountability, bipartisanship, and fiscal responsibility. Read more:  … 2/2 Our budget process is broken & we lack basic accountability on fiscal issues. That combination has led us to make a series of irresponsible decisions that will leave our kids & grandkids holding the bag. 1/2 #SCOTUS decision today to turn down the Trump administration's challenge of #DACA is good news for #Dreamers across the country, but it is not enough. We will continue fighting in Congress for a legislative fix to protect Dreamers & keep families together. … Congratulations @TeamShuster on making history for the United States with the first-ever #gold medal in #curling. @CoachPhill @usacurlpic.twitter.com/34dWdZ5YE2 Many thanks to @SenBennetCO for visiting the class of @kwbenson and taking students’ questions!  Go Cougars! @SVVSD @SVVSDsupt @lefthandvc @TimesCallpic.twitter.com/YJ2XXZfHWK Enjoyed spending time with tomorrow's leaders at the Jeffco Prosperity Project. JPP is doing important work to give these kids the head start they need to succeed.pic.twitter.com/3M70SJsN7R Inspired by activism of CO students taking a stand against gun violence.   “School is supposed to be a place where you go to take the next steps into your life…not a place where all of that is taken away in seconds" -Chaparral HS student Cassidy Ramsey  We must take action now. In the spirit of the ongoing Olympic games this week, looking back to honor Coloradan Jerome Biffle, who won gold in long jump at Helsinki in 1952. Biffle became the first track star to be inducted into the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame in 1968. #Olympics #BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/rciysJ3lUq Congratulations @lindseyvonn on your final Olympic downhill. Colorado has watched as you pushed through setbacks & injuries to return stronger than ever.  Last night, we were proud. #Olympics #COProud … Today’s indictments again prove that Putin interfered in 2016 election. There's no good explanation for why admin hasn’t imposed a single sanction for election interference. @POTUS must stop taking Putin’s denials at face value & work to deter future interference in our democracy After working w/local stakeholders, @forestservice selected 2 areas in CO to focus on trail maintenance: #Fourteeners & #ContinentalDivide Trail. This will improve safety & protect high-alpine resources so my family & others can continue to hike & explore→ …pic.twitter.com/22qTSJdaWP For adults and lawmakers this has become customary, but we should listen to our kids—our kids are terrified. We can’t keep letting ourselves off the hook. We should hold hearings in Congress & draft bipartisan legislation to do something now.pic.twitter.com/lGCFsho7z4 Joining @chucktodd soon on #MTPDaily. Tune in on @MSNBC: … At every turn, @POTUS undermined our efforts to solve the crisis that he created. Today’s resounding bipartisan rejection of the President’s proposal should lead him to reconsider his extreme position. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/hurm1EcXJC .@SenBennetCO and I are getting ready to join @DanaPerino on @FoxNews to discuss our bipartisan work for Colorado. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/j7si9NeP43 WATCH: Live now on the Daily Briefing with @danaperino & @SenCoryGardner to discuss the immigration debate unfolding in the Senate If our responsibility as elected officials is to make the world better and safer for our kids, it’s time we start listening to them. … In addition to horrific loss of life, mass shootings stay with our kids for the rest of their lives. They’re detrimental to an entire generation. We must address loopholes & mental health. I don’t know who Congress is waiting for. No one else will do this hard work, so we must.pic.twitter.com/081uanoBJJ Colorado has closed loopholes and prevented murderers, rapists, and domestic abusers from obtaining guns, and our state is safer because of it. We can—and we must—do the same at the national level.pic.twitter.com/YtWqUG1PGS TUNE IN this morning: Getting ready to speak with @morningmika & @JoeNBC on @Morning_Joe. When did mass shootings become a normal part of American life? There's an entire generation growing up in fear that their school will be next.  My thoughts are with families of victims & first responders in FL, but I also know that thoughts are not enough. It's time for action. Instead of scratching each other’s backs in Washington, we should be working to find a balanced way to fund our priorities while ensuring that we do not strangle the next generation of Americans in debt they did not incur.  Insightful read from @hiattf: … Thank you, Frederick Douglass, for the gift of your wisdom. You will forever be regarded as one of the great founders of our country. #FrederickDouglass200 #BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/8UGVA4gjKb A good reminder from Frederick Douglass on his 200th birthday: "Principles contained in [the Declaration of Independence] are saving principles. Stand by those principles, be true to them on all occasions, in all places, against all foes, and at whatever cost.” #BlackHistoryMonth NEW: Intro'd amendment w/@sencorygardner to break through dysfunction to protect #Dreamers. Coloradans elected us to get things done. This is the result of each side accepting some things they don't fully agree with to do just that: … Is there any better way to celebrate? #Olympics … .@SenCoryGardner and @SenBennetCO aren't too bad at curling, to be honest. … We’ll leave it to the Olympians.  @Olympics @olympicchannel @TeamUSA @usacurl @worldcurling @NBCOlympics @redbullvids … ...and @arielletgold @HagenKearney @JakePates @Meghanmtierney @lagibbs84 @simihamilton @NicHens29 @troyterry1997 @KatieU11 #COProud ...Good luck @CaseyAndringa6 @Aaron_Blunck @guskenworthy @KeatonMcCargo @TorinWallace @BenjaminBerend @SkiFletch @TFletchernordic @JasperGoodNC @AliceMckennis @MikaeleShiffrin @lindseyvonn @mickdorff @RedmondGerard Since Colorado has the most #WinterOlympics athletes of any state, @SenBennetCO and I decided to have our very own bipartisan Senate-style Olympics. But it's a good thing the pros at @usacurl are representing us in #PyeongChang2018.pic.twitter.com/UAkj61yf5m Colorado has the most athletes of any state competing in #PyeongChang2018, so @SenCoryGardner and I decided to do some Olympic training of our own…  Good luck to all of the Coloradans competing in the #WinterOlympics. #COProud #Curlingpic.twitter.com/K4MJEAMQfk Great seeing Coloradan & Special Olympics athlete Hanna Atkinson today during #SOHillDay. Her positivity & confidence were evident from the moment we began talking. Congratulations on past medals & good luck in this year’s games. #COProudpic.twitter.com/ZFjtXATx6i We made it to DC and are ready to advocate for @SpecialOlympics on #SOHillDay! @SenCoryGardner & @SenBennetCO we hope you are excited to meet with @SpecOlympicsCO Athlete Hanna Atkinson because we sure are excited to meet you! #InclusiveHealth #ChooseToIncludepic.twitter.com/Qni286iz2s The majority of states have some form of reduced restrictions on #marijuana. In light of AG Sessions rescinding critical guidance for federal-state regulations, we're urging Senate Approps to respect state laws & alleviate confusion for local govs & biz:  … #Dreamers' protection should not be contingent on dramatic changes to our immigration system. Instead, we must focus on providing certainty to Dreamers and keeping families together. I will continue to work with my colleagues on a bipartisan solution that can pass the Senate. As the Senate begins debate this week on an immigration bill, we must remember what’s at stake: protecting the hundreds of thousands of #Dreamers who are about to lose their status because of @POTUS’ decision to rescind the #DACA program. After $1.5 trillion in tax cuts for people who don’t need them & hundreds of billions more put on the nation’s credit card with last week’s budget agreement–the #TrumpBudget makes it clear who will pick up the tab: Rural Coloradans & our kids and grandkids. Congratulations to @RedmondGerard for giving the U.S. its first Gold in #pyeongchang2018. He's the youngest American to win an Olympic gold medal in nearly a century. We’re not surprised that the first Gold came from a Coloradan! #COProud #WinterOlympicspic.twitter.com/G0mog9eZjj #Medicare-X would provide another health care choice starting in areas where few options exist. Proud to work with @timkaine on this commonsense solution. … Looking forward to watching the #openingceremony and cheering on the 31 Coloradan athletes competing! #pyeongchang2018pic.twitter.com/CtZ5c0a5c4 Read my statement on why I voted against the budget agreement:pic.twitter.com/8X6JpkjhW2 .@POTUS’ inaction is confounding & leaves the door open to future interference. Congress passed sanctions last year with overwhelming bipartisan support.  However the Administration hasn’t imposed a single sanction related to Russian election interference. … Great meeting with @coloradowheat today. Discussed the importance of the @USDA_ARS Central Great Plains Research Station and Colorado priorities for the next #FarmBill.pic.twitter.com/7i4cEUt9Pm Today I urged @USDA to lift hiring freeze so Colorado’s FSA & NRCS offices can fill field staff vacancies and serve Colorado farmers and ranchers: … Of 22,000 people addicted to opioids in CO, just 4,000 received treatment at a clinic. We must prioritize this growing epidemic. Attended a Senate hearing today to learn more about impact of this crisis on kids and options to expand treatment services to keep families together. … Thank you to all of the Dreamers, advocates & Coloradans who have not stopped working for one minute to ensure we keep families together in this country. We continue to carry your voices into every meeting with Senate colleagues to find a solution. We won’t stop fighting for you. Looking forward to another bipartisan meeting tomorrow on DACA/Dream with Senators Graham, Flake, Durbin, and others. Continuing to work together to find a solution to protect #Dreamers. Throwback circa 2003 for a former boss & good friend’s birthday. Happy birthday @GovofCO. I hope you had a great day celebrating in our favorite state.pic.twitter.com/UOPT0aDhaL Today’s hearing was an important step toward passing this bipartisan bill & allowing the West Fork community to build a fire station to improve safety & increase emergency resources. … Career and technical education, teacher shortages, school funding—just a few of the issues we discussed that are instrumental to the future of education for our kids and grandkids in Colorado. Thanks for traveling to DC for the meeting! … “You read that right: In parts of the country, wind and solar plants built from scratch now offer the cheapest power available.” And Colorado’s energy companies are leading the way. Read more: … We have $1 trillion deficits as far as the eye can see because of the #GOPTaxBill. And for what? We didn’t end child poverty, rebuild our infrastructure, or even fix the broken tax code. What a huge missed opportunity. … Our thoughts are with the family of El Paso County Sheriff’s Deputy Micah Flick and the three wounded officers. We are devastated by this senseless act against law enforcement who put their lives on the line to protect our communities. … Read in @denverpost about the years-long community meetings, discussions, and collaboration that went into crafting the #COContinentalDivide Act . Thank you for listening to all stakeholders, @RepJaredPolis @SenBennetCO  pic.twitter.com/I8zdRYhFFX After reviewing 360 applicants, we nominated 40 Coloradans from across the state to apply to 1 of 4 service academies & take the next step toward serving our country. Proud to see their patriotism this wkd at our Ceremony. Thank you for your willingness to serve & congratulationspic.twitter.com/XXYLmH2COH We should be doubling down on efforts to protect the personal data of Americans. Pulling back from an investigation that affected 143 million individuals is a clear signal that @MickMulvaneyOMB is not putting consumers first. #ProtectConsumers … #PaidLeaveMeans eliminating the false choice between work & family. Since #FMLA25, we’ve made progress. But it’s been 25 years & it’s time to take next steps to ensure Coloradans have the security & peace of mind they deserve. Frustrated that admin ended commonsense oil & gas lease reforms. @KenSalazar—who initiated reforms—knows first-hand the issues that arose from lease sales in CO when landowners, wildlife officials & public were not consulted. Communities deserve input on consequential decisions. … Our nation needs more discussions like we had at Colorado Communities Symposium, where gov officials from all levels & political backgrounds joined with rural economic leaders & businesses to talk about how we solve the largest threat to our economy & children: #climatechange.pic.twitter.com/0WhdTiR0Md The President is showing, once again, that he cares more about himself than the country. My full statement on @POTUS' decision to release the memo:pic.twitter.com/rPenHqotyD I shouldn't have to say this: #Climatechange is real. Not only is the administration making decisions that disregard science, it's now trying to hide that science from the American public. … Today marks start of #BlackHistoryMonth, time to honor extraordinary contributions of generations of African Americans. All month, we’ll highlight some of Colorado's unsung heroes. Today’s notable leader is Honorable Wilma Webb, former State Rep, First Lady &civil rights activistpic.twitter.com/vC8ZkPzw9W This is a step in the wrong direction. If anything, we should be doing more to stop discrimination in consumer lending. … Frustrated by admin’s priorities as they slash 72% of funding for #cleanenergy research. Colorado knows how backwards this approach is, as we are #1 in country for wind energy production. President should support, not deter, clean energy future. … Good reminder from @DenverPost as we think back to @POTUS #SOTU. The transition to renewable energy is market driven. … Inspired by Viviana & her fight to keep her family together. Cases like her father’s show us why it’s urgent that we pass comprehensive immigration reform.  We cannot allow more families to be broken due to misguided immigration policies.  …pic.twitter.com/nXL5LqqBSJ Requested info from @BetsyDevosED @SecretaryAcosta & @SecAzar on their efforts to provide a safe workplace & prevent #sexualharassment in federal agencies. Also working to hold a hearing in Senate HELP Cmt to further investigate workplace harassment: … #BearsEars designation protected sacred land & gave tribes voice in management. @POTUS' attempt to remove protections is unprecedented & shameful.  That’s why we intro'd #ANTIQUITIESActOf2018 to affirm U.S. legacy of protecting wild & sacred places. More:  … … Then, while learning about top of the line skis from @Icelantic_Skis, discovered this limited edition pair honoring the 10th Mountain Division—the soldiers who created the outdoor industry as we know it today. #ClimbToGlory #CampHale 2/2pic.twitter.com/rWE85RDQJD Reminiscing over great moment at @OutdoorRetailer Show. Ran into some 10th Mountain Division soldiers who were in search of best #outdoorrecreation gear. Told them about bill I introduced last week to preserve & promote legacy of Camp Hale, where 10th Mtn trained during WWII. 1/2pic.twitter.com/rv4eXIqlSV Instead of calling on Americans to join his dark, backward-looking vision for our country, @POTUS should draw on our strengths and inspire us all to succeed. My full statement on tonight's State of the Union:pic.twitter.com/BcnsymqZ5T Only this President could make a call for unity sound so divisive.  “A State of the Union That’s Responsive to Coloradans”  …  Thank you to everyone who shared what they want to hear in tonight’s #SOTU. Now it’s time to watch the address & hold @POTUS accountable. Coloradans deserve better than the status quo. Could not agree more w/ Jen N. from Boulder, who says she doesn’t want buzzwords or vague statements—she wants concrete plans & actions. Tonight’s #SOTU is about more than tone & rhetoric. It’s about looking to action in the next year. 10/10 In #SOTU, Coloradans want @POTUS to reaffirm his commitment to the rule of law & respect for our institutions.  Bruce S. from Denver says he wants to hear about “playing by the rules, and that no one, including the President, is above the law.” 9/x In #SOTU, Coloradans want to hear that interference in our democracy will not be tolerated & we are taking steps to prevent such attacks from Russia—or others—in the future.  Karl H. says he hopes addressing foreign interference in politics “wouldn’t be a partisan issue.” 8/x In #SOTU, Coloradans want to hear commitment to protect #Dreamers & keep families together.  Rita M. from Englewood wants to hear @POTUS address DACA. “We surely need to allow [#Dreamers] who were brought here from another country as children to become American citizens.” 7/x In #SOTU, Coloradans want to hear plans to #ActOnClimate, like building resilient infrastructure, modernizing electricity grid & promoting bipartisan clean energy policies.  Deana K. from CO Springs says “CO has no snow this year” & asks how admin will slow #climatechange. 6/x In #SOTU, Coloradans want to know how we'll prepare our kids for 21st century economy. This means growing wages to keep up with the costs of housing, health care, and childcare. It means modernizing #highered & career & technical ed so students are ready for jobs of tomorrow. 5/x Last October, @POTUS declared the #opioid epidemic a public health emergency, but hasn’t proposed new resources or funding to combat the growing problem. Tonight, we want to know precisely how he plans to work with communities to prioritize this crisis. #SOTU 4/x In #SOTU, Coloradans want to hear concrete proposals to support our rural communities. From lowering health care costs to tackling the #opioidcrisis to investing in infrastructure, we need more than words. We need funding & action. #VoicesOfCO 3/x In #SOTU, Coloradans want to hear @POTUS unite communities instead of continuing to divide us. Brook E. on Facebook said, “I want to hear that all people are valued and important. I want a government of the people to be served by the people they elect—all people.” #VoicesOfCO 2/x THREAD: Ahead of tonight’s #SOTU, I’m sharing the comments you’ve sent on Twitter, FB, email, and over the phone about the important issues you'd like to hear in tonight's address. Our priorities for the next year should be shaped by the #VoicesOfCO. 1/x .@EPAScottPruitt: Actions speak louder than words. #StateOfPollution … Don't forget to tell us what you want to hear in tonight's State of the Union. #SOTU  What issues are most important to you? Respond with #VoicesOfCO. … Thanks for moderating a great roundtable discussion with #smallbusiness from across our state. … We should be teaching our kids to follow facts where they lead. We need to #ActOnClimate for the next generation—and that generation needs a leader who can show them how. Not @EPAScottPruitt. #StateOfPollution Nearly a year ago, voted against @EPAScottPruitt’s nomination. Today he’s back before Congress & must answer for actions that harm Coloradans’ jobs, health, infrastructure & more. #StateOfPollution … The #CoContinentalDivide Act would:  Invest in Colorado's economic future Protect wildlife from growing threats  Honor veterans RT to urge Congress to pass this important legislation!   @RepJaredPolis @SenBennetCO @SenCoryGardnerpic.twitter.com/94Fc5xurdy Ran into this Colorado #smallbusiness at the @OutdoorRetailer Show. Thanks for fueling Coloradans & outdoor rec fans across the country with your energy bars, and also for your commitment to protecting #publiclands. … Our office is working with @telemundodenver to answer your questions about immigration. Call the phone lines between now and 5:30 PM MT at 1-844-200-5336.pic.twitter.com/luf85ZTUQ0 “We sought justice because equal pay for equal work is an American value.” – Lilly Ledbetter On 9th anniversary of Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, we celebrate progress made & recognize work still to do. Let's ensure our laws align w/ ideals & eliminate pay discrimination for good. What do you want to hear in tomorrow’s State of the Union? Share the issues that are important to you with hashtag #VoicesOfCO.   Tomorrow, I’ll be sharing the vision that I want to hear in the #SOTU, and I want input from Coloradans as we look to priorities for the year ahead. Later today, the Senate is voting on a 20-week abortion ban, jeopardizing a woman’s right to make her own healthcare decisions. I have voted against this measure in the past, and I will do so again. #NoAbortionBan FBI Deputy Director McCabe is a public servant, and @POTUS’ attacks on him undermine our democratic institutions.   FBI investigations should be entirely free from political influence or intimidation. The independence of the agency is critical to the rule of law. This wkd, reflected on my family’s history surviving the Holocaust, while at the same time seeing troubling headlines in France & Poland that remind us anti-semitism is very much alive. Now more than ever, #WeRemember & commit to this never happening again. #HolocaustMemorialDay One of the greatest parts of our bill to protect #COContinentalDivide & preserve Camp Hale's legacy is the diverse coalition of businesses, sportsmen, and advocates who worked together to make it a reality. Grateful for this group at the #OutdoorRetailer Show supporting the bill.pic.twitter.com/v8q8LM63AS Conservation, art, business, and advocacy coming together to protect CO’s public lands! TY @SenBennetCO @CoRecIndustry @ORGEAR @ConservationCOpic.twitter.com/xvFM8yU8wj I’ve long-said I’m willing to work with anyone who is serious about addressing #climatechange. Encouraged to see @RepFredUpton join the Climate Solutions Caucus. Let’s keep up the fight & #ActOnClimate. … Meeting with industry leaders at the @OutdoorRetailer Show, including @olCal406 from @firstlitewool. Had a great conversation about improving access to public lands. #OutdoorRetailer #ORSSwelcometoCOpic.twitter.com/b2yhKOz9DS It’s been an honor to work with @CecileRichards, one of the greatest champions for women of our time. Her indefatigable leadership has expanded and protected health care for millions of people. Thank you for showing the rest of us how to stand up & fight. … Last night’s news reaffirms that the American people deserve the truth about Putin’s attempts to influence 2016 election & any possible collusion. We will continue to do everything to protect the rule of law. The investigation must continue without interference or interruption. I have serious concerns w/several provisions in WH framework, including those that make significant changes to legal immigration system. I remain encouraged by conversations in Senate to find bipartisan solution to protect #Dreamers &keep families together  Kicking things off at the @OutdoorRetailer Show this morning with @ProtectWinters and it's Executive Director Mario Molina. This Boulder-based group is mobilizing the outdoor sports community to take on #climatechange. #OutdoorRetailer #ORSSwelcometoCOpic.twitter.com/exKqVFweaI As Denver prepares to host the @OutdoorRetailer Show this week, we can think of no better way to affirm CO’s commitment to public lands than with the introduction of new bill w/@RepJaredPolis to protect #COContinentalDivide & preserve Camp Hale legacy. Watch how it all began:pic.twitter.com/voDAMv5NU1 We're calling on @SecretaryZinke to keep public lands in public hands. #KeepItPublicpic.twitter.com/KBOS6gmzyx Colorado: the state of purple mountain majesty. @SenBennetCO & I are reintroducing The Continental Divide Recreation, Wilderness, and Camp Hale Legacy Act to preserve our shared lands for generations to come #COContinentalDivide #ORSSwelcometoCO NEW #COContinentalDivide bill will protect nearly 100,000 acres of public land, including 30,000 acres around Camp Hale. Together w/@RepJaredPolis, worked w/ community leaders, sportsmen, veterans & others to find common ground on wildlife/recreation areas  … CO is leading country in renewable energy production, which makes @realDonaldTrump's latest attack on solar imports all the more devastating to our economy. Last August, I sent a bipartisan letter urging Int’l Trade Commission to not impose these tariffs & I stand by this today. … We now need to ensure fair consideration of our Gang of Six proposal to protect #Dreamers. Over the next three weeks, our focus should be on building support for this legislation so that it has the sixty votes required to pass the Senate.pic.twitter.com/2E1u9pjQ8P Due to the government shutdown, our office is operating at reduced capacity. Our focus continues to be responding to the needs & concerns of Coloradans. If you contact us, we'll do our best to reply in a timely manner. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. My full statement on tonight's failure to reach a compromise for a long-term budget agreement:pic.twitter.com/QkN1Xb29sC The government should not be running on continuing resolutions. We have an obligation to the American people to stay here and do our work. We should use our bipartisan #DACA deal as a basis for negotiations and keep the government open.pic.twitter.com/0v4U1tVRqm To think we must vote for the CR or vote to protect Dreamers is a false choice. I’m very unlikely to vote for the House-passed CR because we have been irresponsibly running this government for far too long & we should stay here and do our work to pass a long-term budget. … Here’s a fresh idea: During a government shutdown, the least we should do is stay in session & work with each other until we find a solution. My bipartisan shutdown resolution with @SenCoryGardner would make this happen. … From @ChiefPentSpox: CR’s “are wasteful, they're destructive, and the longer they go the worse it is.” We should stay in Washington to do our jobs & negotiate a real budget. Continuing to work with my colleagues to build support for our bipartisan #DACA deal to protect #Dreamers. I'm encouraged by the response we've gotten.pic.twitter.com/cjM8WRYJxF – bei Russell Senate Building After 7 yrs of work w/local leaders, town of Red Cliff now has #broadband. As @VailDaily reports, this is decades of dreaming come true. Business inquiries are already up & kids can do online homework—proof of why we must close the digital divide across CO … “Renewable energy is not ‘alternative’ any more. It is the cheapest power available in more and more places, and by the time children born today enter college, it is likely to be the cheapest everywhere. That’s a different world.” … CO’s energy companies are leading the #renewableenergy charge. Bids for wind & solar in CO are lower than those for energy from existing coal plants. Bids for reliable renewable energy & storage are lowest in our country’s history. This is a big deal: … In 2017, @nytimes & @washingtonpost won Pulitzers, @ABC won Emmys, & @CNN won a Peabody—all for objective, fact-based journalism. We cannot undervalue the role of edited content & #pressfreedom in our society. Glad Denver is being recognized for the great city it is: talented workforce, high quality of life, and potential for even more growth. … #ThursdayThoughts on our DACA deal. It has momentum in the Senate. Let’s do something unpredictable for once and get this passed:  Tuning in from Colorado? Listen to @NPR Morning Edition at 7am MT to hear our discussion on the bipartisan #DACA deal.pic.twitter.com/R1TLQ7Y7aF Happening soon: Tune into @NPR's Morning Edition where we'll be talking about the bipartisan #DACA deal My hope is that we hear the voices of Dreamers who are contributing around the country & actually do something for once that's not predictable. This #DACA deal is a result of Ds & Rs coming together to solve a real challenge in a way that's consistent with our values as Americanspic.twitter.com/0ZTpx4WHkh There is no one else who can help the #Dreamers except for us—100 senators—and our colleagues in the House. It’s been our tendency to avoid these issues, but we don’t have that choice anymore. Families are being broken up every day. It’s long past time for us to do our job. We treat the lives that are affected by the decisions we make—often by the decisions we don’t make—as collateral damage of someone we don’t concern ourselves with. What kind of governing is that? #Dreamers are looking to us & counting on us right now. Just finished speaking on the Senate floor with my colleagues. We should not leave Washington until we pass a solution for #Dreamers. During intermission (website crash?) of the absurd fake news awards, I'd like to take a moment to celebrate great journalism—an integral part of our self-governing republic. … Happening now  … Earlier this year, two BLM resource advisory councils in Colorado had to postpone meetings because @Interior failed to approve their charters. This is unacceptable. Sidelining local input is not how @SecretaryZinke should be making decisions about our #publiclands. Latest news confirms what we’ve seen over the past year: @SecretaryZinke is unwilling & uninterested in listening to Western voices. … We only need one more Republican senator to pass a CRA to restore #NetNeutrality. RT to spread the word & help us secure that final vote.pic.twitter.com/WkZKOVdTJU The President continuously sows public distrust in the media & gives cover to foreign governments dismissing journalism as #fakenews. I echo @SenJohnMcCain: @POTUS is chipping away at one of the core pillars of democracy & Congress and the American people must speak out. … ICYMI: Yesterday, my family and I marched with thousands of Coloradans in Denver to honor Dr. King and his sacrifice for justice. These are my full remarks from the #Marade: … Must Read: “The unseemly back and forth that has followed President Donald Trump’s racist and profane remarks…is incredibly dangerous. Americans should demand better.” - @denverpost editorial … The President should spend less time disparaging @SenatorDurbin and more time working with the Democrats and Republicans who put forth a #DACA deal that included everything he requested. It’s past time for us to pass a deal to protect Dreamers. Our bipartisan #DACA deal is not “dead.” Democrats and Republicans negotiated in good faith and came to an agreement that protects Dreamers and increases border security. We’ll keep working to build support for this deal. I urge my colleagues to join me in doing the right thing. Today, we honor Dr. King by marching, but we can’t stop there. Tomorrow, we must continue his work by -demanding all kids have access to high-quality school -defending Dreamers & African immigrants -standing up when someone, especially the President, offends our deepest valuespic.twitter.com/rDEZklBFlx “Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy.” Dr. King, 1965   That cause – fulfilling the promise of our democracy – is how Dr. King understood patriotism, and it is the work of every American and every Coloradan. #Marade #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/j4ZHyjNpsR Today, we honor Dr. King not because he died for justice, but because he lived for justice. He understood that the phrase “all men are created equal” was never a guarantee; it was a promise to be fulfilled by every generation of Americans. #Marade #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/a1zQXFDXbC It's incumbent on Democrats and Republicans to elevate the things that make America special, including our commitment to being a nation of immigrants and our commitment to the rule of law. That's what we've done with our bipartisan #DACA deal to protect Dreamers.pic.twitter.com/tyt2rrtgPe ICYMI: #MTP interview this morning on our bipartisan #DACA deal, working across the aisle, and the example America sets as a nation of immigrants.pic.twitter.com/uPF6fg4JaN Coming up on a busy @MeetThePress: I'll speak with @RandPaul, @SenBennetCO, and civil rights leader & fmr. UN Ambassador Andrew Young #MTP TOMORROW MORNING: Tune in at 9am MT to watch my interview with @chucktodd on @MeetThePress. … .@POTUS must apologize for his abhorrent comments. We are a nation of immigrants; it’s what makes us strong. “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” Good read by @washingtonpost. Reinforces what I’ve been saying for years: The shift from coal to natural gas is an economic issue, not a political problem. … After months of bipartisan negotiations, we have reached an agreement on the #DreamAct:pic.twitter.com/gFsBNeoFKO My colleagues and I have reached a bipartisan agreement on the #DreamActpic.twitter.com/5BdOgXBOz2 It is unacceptable that in the 21st century so many families have to worry about drinking tap water. Admin should make this a priority to ensure safe, clean drinking water for our kids. … Colorado's family caregivers dedicate countless hours of unpaid care so their loved ones can continue to live independently. Great news for families across our state & country who will get the boost they need now that the #FamilyCaregiversAct was signed into law. … For your #WednesdayWisdom, follow the work of this new initiative by scientists to better understand the consequences climate change has on your family and community:  … Taking a moment tonight on #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay to think of all the brave law enforcement officers across Colorado. Thank you for working tirelessly day in and day out to keep our communities safe. Important decision out of North Carolina. Partisan gerrymandering erodes one of our most fundamental rights as American citizens. We will not tolerate any effort to threaten our democracy. … Studies continue to show that ACA's Medicaid expansion has helped insure more than 400,000 Coloradans while simultaneously keeping hospital doors open across the state. Important findings as we look to the future of Medicaid and access to care. … It was also encouraging that @POTUS expressed his interest in passing comprehensive immigration reform after we pass the #DreamAct. To the extent the WH meeting helped narrow the scope of negotiations & prioritize #DreamAct, this was a positive first step. I'm pleased there seemed to be acknowledgement of urgent need to pass a bipartisan bill, so DACA recipients stop losing status & having their lives upended We’re starting to see some real, negative consequences of the worst snowpack in decades—including concerns about water supply. Yet another reason why it is so important to #ActOnClimate. … .@ENERGY's own regulators rejected @SecretaryPerry's plan to bail out retiring power plants that would've undermined competition & left customers to foot the bill. Instead of slowing #cleanenergy growth, let's invest in smart & innovative 21st cent economy … Look forward to representing Coloradans by protecting a free & open internet. #SaveNetNeutrality … For nearly 20 years, 200,000 Salvadorans in the United States – including 2,200 in Colorado – have worked, paid taxes, & supported our communities through TPS. Sending them back to a country still facing high levels of poverty & violence is wrong & potentially destabilizing. … The SAFER Act was signed into law today—bipartisan legislation that will help reduce the nationwide rape kit backlog. This progress puts us one step closer to ensuring survivors of sexual violence receive the thorough and fair investigations they deserve. The caliber of the WWII Aviation Museum blew me away, and I was honored to help secure congressional recognition for this Colorado Springs museum. … Colorado kicked off the @NationalWestern Stock Show in #Denver this week. Here’s a guide to the fun:   #NWSS2018 Introduced legislation earlier this year to ensure legal #marijuana businesses can access banking services. AG Sessions’ actions yesterday will make this even more difficult and may raise significant public safety issues.  Another reason why DOJ must rescind #marijuana guidance. Attorney General Sessions’ decision to rescind the Cole Memorandum completely disregards the steps Colorado has taken to regulate legal #marijuana dispensaries and retail stores.    Read my letter to the Attorney General: … Great news that enrollment is up. Reminder: Coloradans have until January 12 to sign up for insurance through Connect for Health Colorado. … In rescinding the Cole memo, the Attorney General failed to listen to Colorado, and will create unnecessary chaos and confusion. … Thousands of Coloradans cancelled their registrations because they knew this voter fraud commission lacked any objectivity or credibility. @DHSgov should end this taxpayer-funded fishing expedition aimed at validating @POTUS's conspiracy theories about the 2016 election. … Just because it's a new year does not mean we've forgotten about last year's repeal of #NetNeutrality. Coloradans are still speaking up & we are listening. That's why I'm working with @SenMarkey & my colleagues to #SaveNetNeutrality. … As of today, 14,586 Dreamers have lost their DACA status. Finding a bipartisan solution for Dreamers should be a top priority on our first day back in session in the new year. #DreamActNOW Congratulations Doug Jones & Tina Smith. Welcome to the Senate! Look forward to working with you as we begin this important year. … It’s inexcusable that CO has to find emergency, short-term fixes bc the federal gov has not passed a long-term solution to fund health insurance for our nation's kids. We must #ExtendCHIP. This is a bipartisan issue that deserves our immediate attention. … As the Senate comes back in session today, we are as determined as ever to stand up for Colorado's families. Starting the year off fighting for #CHIP, #DACA, #NetNeutrality, #CHCs, a government funding bill, and more. 2018 is going to be another eventful year. Spent today with family & thinking about the important work we have ahead of us. Wishing you all a Happy New Year! Grateful for the bravery of our law enforcement in Douglas County. ​Our prayers are with the families of the deputy who was killed and the other officers injured in the line of duty. Getting in the holiday spirit this year. To all who celebrate, wishing you and your families a very merry Christmas.pic.twitter.com/8Ed4TqAfXX Tonight I voted against the temporary government funding bill. We should stay here and finish our work to protect #Dreamers and fund #CHIP, rather than abdicating our responsibility and leaving so many Coloradan families in the lurch.pic.twitter.com/sp3Q2EKjcs LIVE: On the Senate floor talking about why we need to protect #Dreamers — Watch live here:  … Sent letter to Senate leadership urging that we include #CHIP in end-of-year funding. CHIP is critical to too many families in Colorado for us to wait.pic.twitter.com/B3GU9IhKFo The #DreamAct already has bipartisan support. @SenMajLdr: If you are serious about protecting #Dreamers, why not bring the bill to the Senate floor today for a vote? … House REPUBLICANS want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from their very UNPOPULAR, just passed, Tax Cuts for the wealthiest and corporations. … Republicans are celebrating a hollow political "win." Meanwhile... 9 million kids are waiting for health care funding. Dreamers are waiting for protections. And middle-class families in Colorado are STILL waiting for real, lasting tax relief.pic.twitter.com/vjfXI1oPHl As soon as American people see what’s in #GOPTaxBill & that it borrows from their children to pay for it, they will reject it. This is a tax cut for the wealthy masquerading as a middle-class tax cut, and not terribly well. The costume is torn. … We’ve continued to hear from Coloradans about the @FCC’s decision to repeal #NetNeutrality. That’s why I signed onto @SenMarkey’s resolution to restore a free & open internet. … I voted against the #GOPTaxBill last night, and I would do it again. It is so inconsistent with the fundamental promises @realDonaldTrump and Republicans in Congress have made to the American people.pic.twitter.com/61C44qJFfO For every American who opposed the #ArcticRider, know that this isn’t over. @SenMarkey and I authored a bill w/ 41 co-sponsors that would shield #ArcticRefuge from drilling. We will keep fighting & we need your voices to protect America’s public lands. … .@SenateGOP just passed #GOPTaxBill – yet another appalling example of how profoundly decoupled the Republican priorities in Washington are from the priorities of the American people.pic.twitter.com/iiLmPsjOPs Tonight the Senate is voting on a radical tax bill that bears no resemblance to  the talking points Republicans are using to sell it. This bill will not benefit the middle class and will add over a trillion dollars to our national debt. Coloradans deserve better.pic.twitter.com/JFWLOclJEZ GOP is about to vote for a tax bill that opens #ArcticRefuge to drilling to “offset national debt.” This will have next to no effect on budget but many negative consequences for tribes, wildlife & national heritage. This fight isn’t over. #ProtectTheArctic … Last week, oil companies had the chance to bid on 10.3 million acres open for drilling in Alaska. In the end, less than 1% of the land was leased.  We’re not even using all of the land now available for drilling. It defies reason that we would open up even more. #ProtectTheArctic The House just passed #GOPTaxBill that will increase our nation’s debt by $1.4 trillion. For the same cost, we could provide funding for #opioidcrisis, #EarlyChildhoodEducation, #cleanenergy R&D, #affordablehousing, #infrastructure, & more.   Which plan do you prefer? For the same cost as the #GOPTaxBill, we could provide funding for #opioidcrisis, #EarlyChildhoodEducation, #cleanenergy R&D, #affordablehousing, #infrastructure, & more.  RT if you prefer this plan over $1.4 trillion in tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans.pic.twitter.com/lCqzr5Oli2 LIVE: On the Senate floor talking abut the #GOPTaxBill— one of the most irresponsible pieces of legislation during my nine years in the Senate. Watch live here:  … Intro'd bill with @SteveDaines to reward farmers & ranchers for improving wildlife habitat and providing access for the next generation of sportsmen & women. We’ll continue to prioritize this important program in the next #FarmBill. … ICYMI: This is the latest of the administration’s attacks on science. Nothing subtle or vague about it. … One topic noticeably missing from #NationalSecurityStrategy: Climate change. Bipartisan group of lawmakers have acknowledged #climatechange as a national security threat. @POTUS silence is cause for serious concern. I, along with a filibuster-proof number of my colleagues, are urging appropriators to keep the end-of-year spending bill free of dangerous anti-#environment riders. They are deeply divisive, and they have no place in must-pass legislation like the spending bill. #NoPoisonPillspic.twitter.com/g4s9Gpwgc3 As of today, 12,519 #Dreamers have lost their status. #DACA gave hundreds of thousands the opportunity to attend school, receive a work permit, get a driver’s license & contribute to our communities. We must stop ripping this away & find a bipartisan solution. #AmericanDreamerpic.twitter.com/LiQCSzMZWG What will #GOPTaxBill do to Colorado? Middle-class families won't see any real benefit, while their sons & daughters will have to pay back this $1.4 trillion of debt. Instead, let's invest in solutions to address challenges we are facing in CO, like infrastructure & #opioidcrisispic.twitter.com/mSa3nihjkd If you need health insurance to start January 1 in Colorado, today is the last day to sign up. Head to   for more information.   Open enrollment for private insurance through @C4HCO continues until January 12. Don’t wait—enroll today! #GetCoveredpic.twitter.com/33Apfjad0b While today is the last day to sign up for a plan that takes effect January 1, open enrollment for private insurance via @C4HCO continues through January 12 in Colorado. Enrollment for #HealthFirstColorado (Colorado's Medicaid Program) is always year-round. #SandyHook—an unspeakable tragedy—should never be normal condition of American life, yet it’s 5 yrs later & we’ve taken no action. We cannot lose belief that it’s within our power to protect our kids at a school—or night club or concert. It’s well past time to #HonorWithAction. If we worked in a bipartisan way, we could write a #TaxBill that actually cuts taxes for the middle class, expands the #ChildTaxCredit, makes our economy more competitive, and invests in our future. It’s not too late to scrap the #GOPTaxBill.pic.twitter.com/cc3azpWFLx TUNE IN: Last minute chart review before speaking on @MSNBC about the #GOPTaxBillpic.twitter.com/ZpuPB6XL1G Our office has received nearly 25,000 letters & calls from Coloradans on #NetNeutrality. The consensus could not be clearer: We must protect a free & open Internet. This morning, sent a letter to @AjitPaiFCC in final attempt to #ProtectNetNeutrality.pic.twitter.com/53taLNckxC 122 #Dreamers are losing their #DACA status every day. We blacked out our website in solidarity with those Dreamers to signal that we are paying attention, we aren’t letting up, and we must protect their futures. #DefendDACA … #GOPTaxBill Conference Committee: Throw out the #ArcticRider. It is shortsighted, expensive, and deeply unpopular. We should protect our greatest national treasure, not exploit it. #ProtectTheArctic Great news: Nearly 1200 companies are aligning their emissions reduction plans with the #ParisAgreement by 2019. This is a clear sign to this administration and countries across the globe that #climatechange is threatening or economy & the future of our planet--and we must act. … When I was Secretary of State of MO, I certified to @SpeakerBoehner that he could seat @RepJasonSmith the day after his special election. Rep. Smith is a Republican and I am a Democrat, and I could have waited weeks, but I did the right thing for MO. Alabama should do the same.pic.twitter.com/5vA65fBWFe Then-Maj Leader @SenatorReid said in 2010: "We’re going to wait until the new senator [Republican Scott Brown] arrives until we do anything more on health care." It was the right thing to do. We should follow suit & wait to vote on #GOPTaxBill until Sen-Elect Doug Jones is seated Welcome to the Senate, Doug Jones. ICYMI: Colorado businesses are up in arms about potential energy tax provisions in the #GOPTaxBill—as they should be. It's imperative to continue raising your voices & demand removal of these provisions to save #cleanenergy jobs.   Watch full remarks:  pic.twitter.com/ZieSEmOxUb Colorado’s #CHIP program will end in January if Congress does not act. Why are Republicans treading their feet on 9 million kids’ health insurance? Surely this is a bipartisan issue. It’s time to #RenewCHIP. … .@realDonaldTrump: Our kids are watching. How do we explain this?   @SenGillibrand: Thanks for showing our kids how to stand up to bullies. … Governors on both sides of the aisle are speaking up today in defense of the millions of children & pregnant women who will lose health coverage if we don’t extend funding for #CHIP. @SenMajLdr: Bring #CHIP to the Senate floor for a vote. We must act now. … “I grew up thinking I was American, still feel like I’m American, and my kids are national born citizens,” one #Dreamer told me in DC while advocating for the #DreamAct. We must pass a bipartisan deal to protect Dreamers. #AmericanDreamerpic.twitter.com/6ywjZmHpTh If @SenateGOP can find money to add $1.4 trillion to our nation’s debt with #GOPTaxBill, then surely they can fund CHIP–a critical program that provides health insurance to 90,000 kids in Colorado.pic.twitter.com/pzifgtUoay Still shopping around for the right health insurance plan? Take some time today to get covered with Connect for Health Colorado. Open enrollment in CO ends January 12th, so don’t wait.  Alamosa-San Luis Valley Regional Airport is essential to local economic development. Had a great visit Friday, looking at plans for future development and improvements. We’ll keep working with county officials to maintain Essential Air Service funding for the airport.pic.twitter.com/8Oi4yWRDiU With DACA students from the Adams State University Migrant Education Program. They shared powerful stories & expressed fear of what may be in store for them & their families. We must pass a bipartisan deal to protect #Dreamers now.pic.twitter.com/xjJtgCdopG After working for the U.S. Senate for 12 years as a tireless public servant, Charlotte Bobicki retired this week. At yesterday's farewell, I thanked her for serving Colorado & our nation. Charlotte, our team won't be the same without you!pic.twitter.com/xoyXFUWzp4 #Climatechange threatens the outdoor recreation jobs & physical safety of Coloradans. We should accelerate transition to clean energy. Instead, #GOPTaxBill slows it down by slashing incentives for solar & wind power. There's still time to stop this. … It’s almost game day. Excited to see 10th Mountain Division represented on the field tomorrow. #ClimbToGlory #GoArmyBeatNavy … For people in Colorado, health care is about caring for a sick child or an aging parent. It has nothing to do with politics. It's not too late for @SenateGOP to work on bipartisan #taxreform that would not strip millions of health coverage. The day that will live in infamy changed the lives of every American—including in Pueblo & throughout Colorado. A brief look at what this day 76 years ago meant for our state:  … cc:@ChieftainNews 76 years after the attack on Pearl Harbor, we honor the legacy of the Greatest Generation that fought to protect the freedoms we cherish today. These brave men & women will never be forgotten. My statement on President Trump’s announcement to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move the United States Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem:pic.twitter.com/6i1Y5VGvbz Sexual harassment and misconduct are never acceptable. I understand Senator Franken will make an announcement tomorrow morning, and I'm confident he'll do the right thing and step aside. A serious solution would be responsive to local leaders around the country who have called for the #DreamAct. We received this letter today from 50 current & former Mayors across Colorado who know how important #Dreamers are to our communities.pic.twitter.com/cIyzEfVZcC Cornyn-Grassley is not a serious proposal to protect the hundreds of thousands of #Dreamers who are in danger of losing their status if Congress fails to act. I will continue working toward a bipartisan solution to pass the #DreamAct before the end of the year. … Spoke with @KDVR's @JoeStGeorge about what the #GOPTaxBill will mean for Coloradans. Tune in this week to find out.pic.twitter.com/GnYxmHqe2e The @CFPB needs a leader who believes in its mission to protect consumers. It has already helped 29 million Americans. We’re urging @POTUS to nominate a director who will put working families ahead of Wall Street. … In Colorado, letters are being sent to families to notify them that #CHIP may soon end. Millions of kids are counting on us to extend funding so they can retain access to health care. @SenMajLdr: We must not delay any longer. … I agree we need to expand the #ChildTaxCredit, make our #CorporateRate more competitive & repatriate overseas funds—but there is a way to do it that lifts up working & middle-class families instead of the top 1% and that does not blow a hole in our nation’s debt. As #GOPTaxBill works its way through conference, it’s worth noting again that there are bipartisan issues on which GOP & Dems could work together to bring real tax reform to Coloradans. Today, Pres. Trump announced plans to pull 88% of Forest Service land from #BearsEars National Monument–even though the agency didn't recommend removing any acreage. Read @SenStabenow & @SenBennetCO’s letter on this unprecedented move. #MonumentsforAll  … ‘It’s only if you had a case of terrible amnesia that you could support this legislation.’ — Sen. Michael Bennet schooled Republicans on what happened the last time they instituted tax cutspic.twitter.com/dgmYThjqL0 Earlier generations would be disturbed to know that their legacy of protecting wild and sacred places is under assault by @POTUS and his administration. We will fight this attempt every step of the way. #StandWithBearsEars #MonumentsForAllpic.twitter.com/9pB90XCctJ With @POTUS announcement today to diminish #BearsEars & #GrandStaircase, he explicitly: 1. Disregarded wishes of tribes 2. Ignored overwhelming public comments from Western leaders 3. Dismissed @USDA guidance regarding @forestservice lands As we pointed out last week, @USDA did not recommend that @POTUS shrink #BearsEars. Yet, he is set to remove protections for this & other #NationalMonuments today. Unacceptable. #StandWithBearsEars #MonumentsForAll … Retweet if you #StandWithBearsEarspic.twitter.com/pAVdDhrvhg Sunday morning listen: On NPR this weekend, Gretchen Hammer—who oversees CHIP in Colorado—says children may be at risk of losing health coverage because Congress has not extended funding. We must act.  My statement on the passage of the #GOPTaxBill:pic.twitter.com/jMRS86ioXc Offered amendment with @SenSherrodBrown to increase #ChildTaxCredit. We could cut child poverty nearly in half and strengthen middle-class families, but #GOPTaxBill misses the mark. This senator just schooled Republicans on what happened last time they instituted tax cutspic.twitter.com/UrFsgRXiTj It's hard to #ReadTheBill when you're drowning in swamp water. #GOPTaxScampic.twitter.com/pV4RYGegRb #FBF to when @SenateMajLdr believed you deserved a chance to #ReadtheBillpic.twitter.com/HvMHiXRC3U For 10 years, Republicans have said, "Read the bill! Read the bill!"  We're expected to vote momentarily. Don't you think we should take time to #ReadTheBill?pic.twitter.com/ZpOQtIHEdc – bei United States Capitol Building This. Watch this  #GOPTaxScam … I was just handed a 479-page tax bill a few hours before the vote. One page literally has hand scribbled policy changes on it that can’t be read. This is Washington, D.C. at its worst.  Montanans deserve so much better.pic.twitter.com/q6lTpXoXS0 As a former school superintendent, I know that a term paper submitted like this would never pass. Neither should this #GOPTaxBill. … Republicans claim #GOPTaxBill pays for itself, but really it is the sons and daughters of teachers, firefighters, and police officers who will have to pay back that bill.pic.twitter.com/6O0o2Mbh2h Today, @SenStabenow & @SenBennetCO wrote Pres. Trump about his reported plans to drop Forest Service acres from national monuments when the agency didn't recommend their removal. Read the letter   … #GOPTaxBill’s misplaced priorities are clear. We need tax reform that lifts up middle class, not that helps top 1%. 3/3pic.twitter.com/dBJZKAya7b You can’t eat percentages. Here are the actual dollars Americans will get from #GOPTaxBill. And this is the BEST YEAR; middle-class tax hikes grow over time. 2/3pic.twitter.com/VkAtoqAbqm THREAD: Here is the chart the @SenateGOP keeps showing you. Looks great, right? But it’s misleading. 1/3pic.twitter.com/gR4iOGwebe LIVE NOW on the Senate floor talking about the #GOPTaxBill. Livestream:  … NEWS: The administration is shrinking Bears Ears National Monument, despite the fact that @USDA did not recommend to do so. With @SenStabenow, sent letter to @POTUS requesting explanation. #StandWithBearsEars … RT if you agree we should scrap this #GOPTaxBill.  RT if you think we should hold at least a single hearing with input from experts.  RT if you believe tax reform that will affect our entire economy should be bipartisan. .@SPBombaci, keep speaking up about this important issue. Yesterday we secured the 41st cosponsor for our bill, which would #ProtectTheArctic if the Senate was operating under regular order. You voice is more important now than ever. … RT: We need to slow down, work in a bipartisan manner, hold hearings, and craft a tax reform plan that does not add at least $1.5 trillion to our national debt. … Secured 41st cosponsor for bill to #ProtectTheArctic from drilling. This means if Senate was operating under regular order, we could block #GOPTaxScam Arctic rider from passing. Let's listen to American people & protect a national treasure. cc: @SenMarkey … Thank you @SenBennetCO for speaking out to protect the #ArcticRefuge, the last wildest place in our country.pic.twitter.com/kOgPRS8UkG STARTING SOON: We are joining @SenatorTomUdall, @SenSchumer, @SenatorCantwell, @SenMarkey, @SenBennetCO, & @MartinHeinrich to rally and speak out against the #GOPTaxScam attempts to open the #ArcticRefuge to drilling. #ProtectTheArctic .@SenateDems are fighting back against the #GOPTaxScam drilling provision that hands our #ArcticRefuge—one of the last truly untouched places on earth—over to the fossil fuel industry.    Watch our press conference live at 12:30:   #NoArcticRider Front page of @denverpost today. ↓    We must do more to address #opioidcrisis in Colorado & across the country. We're in the HELP Committee now hearing from experts about the epidemic. … Wait times are too high for Colorado veterans. We need to improve VA system so Coloradans get the timely care they deserve. … There are several bipartisan issues—improve #ChildTaxCredit, make #CorporateRate more competitive—that would form basis for a deal. Borrowing money from middle class to finance tax cuts on wealthy is not basis for a deal. American people are too smart to be fooled by #GOPTaxBill.pic.twitter.com/b2r3XC8hvb Voters thought @POTUS would help the forgotten person, not bestow gifts on the wealthiest Americans. #GOPTaxBill is a disgrace.pic.twitter.com/yGNOF8qmoL TUNE IN: Soon speaking with @KatyTurNBC on @MSNBC about #GOPTaxPlanpic.twitter.com/afKsKsMcbp .@POTUS’ retweets of an extremist hate group are irresponsible and disgraceful. Hate groups should be condemned, not promoted. Grateful for this team that remembers a cake even on the busiest of days. pic.twitter.com/DF2cb9tSTM Have a question about the #GOPTaxPlan? Watch our Facebook Town Hall live now and comment with your questions:  …pic.twitter.com/ZXqXJ1tUsi I'm LIVE on Facebook for a #townhall talking about the Republican tax plan. Tune in and ask a question:  … 