Today, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed Joe and @SenTedCruz’s STOP Using Human Shields Act. The bill would impose sanctions on those who use or facilitate the use of human shields, such as Hamas, Hezbollah, Al Qaeda, and ISIS.pic.twitter.com/NpKV8CTKBY Thanks to provisions authored by Joe, consumers can now freeze/unfreeze their credit, set free year-long fraud alerts, and more easily manage their credit files.  pic.twitter.com/Hz7ab4qVd3 #GoodNews: Joe announced the Columbus Municipal Airport has received a major federal grant to repair three taxiways – making them safer for pilots and passengers.  Since Joe was first sworn in in January 2013, the Senate has cast 1700 votes (as of yesterday). He has made 1685 of those (99.1%). He is equally proud to have attended 95% of his 609 hearings as a member of the Senate Armed Services, Aging, Agriculture, & Banking Committees. Congratulations to @Batesville_BMS’s Dave Strouse on being named Indiana Principal of the Year. –Joepic.twitter.com/lfgBPeYtSU (2/2): In the Senate-passed bill, Joe successfully advocated for increased funding for emergency food assistance, known as TEFAP, and for provisions that would make it easier for seniors trying to access food assistance. (1/2): September is #HungerActionMonth. As a strong supporter of food banks, Joe has worked to incorporate their ideas for eliminating hunger into the Farm Bill.pic.twitter.com/P2w0l5wveX These grants, from @HHSGov’s Health Resources and Services Administration, will help fund the development of plans to implement evidence-based opioid use disorder prevention, treatment, and recovery interventions. Joe also announced planning grants from the Rural Communities Opioids Response Program awarded to four health organizations in Indiana.pic.twitter.com/EkizQqCZhf #ICYMI Joe welcomed more than $18 million dollars in federal funds to help fight the opioid epidemic in Indiana.  Joe met with @ACSCANIN today to discuss the need to ensure those with pre-existing conditions can continue to access health insurance, and the importance of @NIH funding. #CancerLobbyDaypic.twitter.com/IbkQg2dGqZ #ICMYI: Joe spoke last week about his efforts to expand mental health care access for servicemembers and veterans, including his Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act, which ensures that all servicemembers receive an annual mental health assessment.pic.twitter.com/w7rHg9f7se WATCH: In his speech discussing efforts to prevent suicide, Joe discussed his bipartisan National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act, now signed into law, that will, in part, examine if a 3-digit hotline is easier for those in need to access. #SuicidePreventionMonthpic.twitter.com/yPxJpBH98H #ICYMI: The Senate passed legislation that included Joe’s bipartisan provision to provide $1M in funding to implement Trevor’s Law, which would help in investigating & addressing potential cancer clusters.  pic.twitter.com/0VTZSSZ76F (2/2): The 2017 Equifax data breach compromised the personal information of 4 million Hoosiers, which is nearly 60% of Indiana’s population, the highest percentage of any state.   (1/2): Starting today, thanks to provisions authored by Joe, consumers can now freeze/unfreeze their credit free of charge, set free year-long fraud alerts, and more easily manage their credit files.pic.twitter.com/27Ig86sWkU Today, Joe welcomed more than $18 million dollars in federal funds to help fight the opioid abuse epidemic in Indiana through prevention, treatment, and recovery services. Read more here:  pic.twitter.com/Ot57JBPSXr In June, Joe and @SenaToddYoung sent a letter to President Trump supporting his commitment to recover and repatriate the remains of American prisoners of war and servicemembers still missing in action from the Korean War, including more than 170 Hoosiers.    On the Senate Armed Services Committee, Joe is working with the @dodpaa to bring those still missing in action home to their families.pic.twitter.com/zVOIJqEXc4 Joe joined servicemembers, veterans, and the families of prisoners of war and those missing in action at the Indiana War Memorial to honor #POWMIARecognition Day.pic.twitter.com/xAqwND8Yij The remains of Korean War veteran & Hoosier, Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, were among the first identified & have finally been returned home. Recently, Joe wrote to Pres. Trump about the importance of bringing missing servicemembers’ remains home.  WATCH: Joe spoke this week about his efforts to support mental health care access for servicemembers and veterans, including his Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act which requires all servicemembers to receive an annual mental health assessment. #SuicidePreventionMonthpic.twitter.com/WuGd17fiv0 #ICYMI: Several of Joe’s provisions were included in the Senate-passed ‘Opioid Crisis Response Act’ – including his provisions to improve access to opioid treatment services and to help speed up the approval of non-addictive pain treatments.   (2/2): Joe's bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health & Wellness Act, which Pres. Trump signed into law, will help law enforcement agencies initiate peer mentoring pilot programs & direct DOJ to review mental health resources for law enforcement officers.  pic.twitter.com/WQfYNVse3a (1/2): September is #SuicidePreventionMonth. With Joe’s help, @FortWayneFire has been awarded federal funding to help replace an air supply fill station, which will give firefighters critical protection during emergency situations.  Bipartisan legislation that Joe supports passed the Senate yesterday. The bill would crack down on ‘gag clauses’ that currently prevent pharmacists from telling consumers if there is a cheaper way to pay for the same medication.pic.twitter.com/nmSXYubb72 Almost 70 years after his death, this Hoosier veteran of the Korean War will finally be returning home. Earlier this year, Joe & @SenToddYoung wrote a letter to President Trump to reiterate the importance of bringing our POW/MIAs home.  Implementing Trevor's Law will require updating existing guidelines, providing an opportunity to improve how federal, state, and local governments, and the public work together to investigate and address potential cancer clusters.   The Senate today passed legislation that included Joe's bipartisan provision to provide $1 million in funding to implement Trevor's Law.pic.twitter.com/ylAB4y8Buu Joe met with the Agribusiness Council of Indiana's Emerging Professional Leadership Program to discuss the Senate-passed Farm Bill, including his provisions in the bill to help Hoosier farmers expand into new markets and to fight the opioid epidemic in Indiana.pic.twitter.com/3MTS3hmhRt In observance of National #SuicidePreventionMonth, Joe gave a speech on the Senate floor today – to recognize those we’ve lost and to discuss legislative efforts to prevent suicide. Watch his full speech here:  pic.twitter.com/lI1DzTNCKq The St. Joseph County VA Clinic, which Joe worked on for a decade to bring to reality, opened last September. In its first year, the clinic has already served more than 11,000 veterans and has created close to 200 jobs.   … Happy 71st birthday to the @usairforce. Thank you for your service to keep our country safe. – Joe #AFBday #AF71pic.twitter.com/oP6Qc4GfIX The Senate passed the bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response Act, which includes Joe’s provisions that would help improve access to opioid abuse treatment services and help speed up the approval of non-opioid or non-addictive treatments for pain.pic.twitter.com/qeMw28W6fA Proud of the work @IN_Task_Force_1 has done to help during Hurricane Florence. Please stay safe and thank you for what you’re doing. – Joe  The allegations made against Judge Kavanaugh are serious and merit further review. Given the nature of these allegations, and the number of outstanding questions, I believe the Judiciary Committee should hold off on Thursday’s scheduled vote. - Joe On #ConstitutionDay, we celebrate the 231st anniversary of its signing.pic.twitter.com/rntpftHiHe It’s #FarmSafetyWeek. Be sure that everyone on your farm knows proper safety protocol and make sure your machinery is in safe, working condition.pic.twitter.com/aLzqlLYQtN WATCH: Joe has been listening to Hoosier anti-hunger groups about what can be done to eliminate hunger in Indiana. Here are some of the ways Joe successfully pushed to end food insecurity in the 2018 Senate-passed Farm Bill. #HungerActionMonthpic.twitter.com/xhlrfZAxR7 Joe questioned @USDA Under Sec. of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs Ted McKinney about the continued harm that farmers and rural communities are facing due to tariffs & the uncertainty caused by the Administration’s trade policies.   With Joe’s support, @IFD_NEWS has been awarded nearly $2 million in grant funding to replace outdated and unreliable breathing packs. Read more about it here:  pic.twitter.com/Z4woNpBaW2 Joe helped the Senate pass bipartisan legislation that would require anyone running for the U.S. Senate to file their quarterly campaign finance reports electronically. The effort would improve transparency and has been used in the House of Representatives for several years.pic.twitter.com/UT0MpQ5O8z Joe spoke with over 300 members of @NFUDC. He was honored with the 2018 Golden Triangle Award for his efforts to support Hoosier farmers, families, and rural communities and his work on the 2018 Farm Bill. #NFUFlyin18pic.twitter.com/4U8TcCuL6R Joe is working to reduce red tape to ease participation for seniors in supplemental food programs and to increase funding for The Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP), which buys excess commodities for food banks. Joe met with @FeedINsHungry and the @INFarmBureau for #HungerActionMonth to talk about his work in the Senate-passed Farm Bill that would help fight hunger.pic.twitter.com/pDbjYpRfvu Happy National Truck Driver Appreciation Week to all the hardworking Hoosiers driving our economy forward.  #NTDAW #NTDAW2018 #ThankATruckerpic.twitter.com/4Ydzd50pfl Stay safe and thank you for your work to help fellow Americans. – Joe … Praying for Indiana State Rep. Tim Brown. Sending my thoughts to Tim’s family, friends, and colleagues. – Joe Joe met with WWII, Korean War, and Vietnam War veterans from Southern Indiana and Kentucky who were on the Bluegrass Honor Flight today to thank them for their service.pic.twitter.com/iokGhQBvkh Joe has been fighting for increased export opportunities for Indiana’s ag community, and his bipartisan provisions to help boost export promotion programs were included in the Senate-passed version of the Farm Bill. Joe met with Hoosiers from @IndianaPork to discuss the Farm Bill and to hear their concerns about how uncertain trade policies are harming their operations.pic.twitter.com/qvm8uCR11w Yesterday, Joe spoke at @INDairport's ceremony to commemorate the 17th anniversary of 9/11, where a piece of the World Trade Center steel recovered from Ground Zero was on display. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/CbcOe9HYW4 All of Indiana mourns the loss of @FortWaynePolice Officer David Tinsley. I’m keeping his family, fellow officers, and the Ft. Wayne community in my prayers. – Joe  Today we pause to remember the family and friends lost on September 11, 2001 and pay tribute to those American heroes who showed immense bravery in the face of profound tragedy. - Joe #NeverForget #September11thpic.twitter.com/faTiNmv4eI Today is #WorldSuicidePreventionDay. Last year, Joe’s bipartisan Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act was implemented throughout the Armed Forces, requiring, for the first time, an annual mental health assessment for all servicemembers.  pic.twitter.com/5ZEv2aJizZ Joe attended the Indiana School Safety Specialist Academy hosted by @EducateIN & @suptdrmccormick in Indy to talk with and hear from superintendents, principals, and law enforcement officers training to become certified school safety specialists.pic.twitter.com/bmT3VLf7QY WATCH: Joe is pushing for efforts to level the playing field and open up markets for Hoosier farmers, ensuring his bipartisan provisions to increase funding for export promotion programs were included in the 2018 Senate-passed Farm Bill.pic.twitter.com/EBpAipbnks #BeThe1To to make a difference. Stepping forward & reaching out can help save lives. If you or someone you know needs to talk, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is available 24/7 for free and confidential support. #WorldSuicidePreventionDaypic.twitter.com/2lh78xN2gu (2/2): Joe and Sen. @JohnBoozman introduced the bipartisan legislation, signed into law last year, authorizing a memorial to honor the more than 400 Americans who gave their lives defending our country during the Gulf War.   (1/2): Joe visited the future site of the National Desert Storm War Memorial in DC, at 23rd St. and Constitution Ave.pic.twitter.com/JpwUZpIgu6 Wishing everyone in Indiana and across our country celebrating #RoshHashanah a happy and sweet New Year. –Joe Joe welcomed federal grants to help enhance safety and operations at four Hoosier fire departments. Read more:  pic.twitter.com/nOJNGJvMBi The Mishawaka facility manufactures high-quality specialized vehicles for both military and commercial use.pic.twitter.com/EHN9g56E89 Joe met with workers at the Mishawaka Manufacturing Campus of AM General.pic.twitter.com/TryHakhB6V The bill would help consumers by prohibiting Medicare prescription drug plans from restricting a pharmacist’s ability to provide prescription drug price info when there's a difference between the cost of the drug under the plan & the cost of the drug when purchased w/o insurance. Joe cosponsored the 'Know the Lowest Price Act,' which passed the Senate unanimously & is heading to the House. The bill would crack down on “gag clauses” that stop pharmacists from telling consumers when they could pay less for a prescription if they paid out-of-pocket.pic.twitter.com/rYZSyMx3JF The @US_FDA is taking steps to encourage companies to develop non-opioid or non-addictive pain medications.   Earlier this year, Joe & @SenToddYoung introduced two bills to help encourage development of these kinds of medications and treatments.    pic.twitter.com/10pRM5E0CR Joe is the hired help for Indiana. Sign up for his newsletter to keep up-to-date with the work he’s doing for Hoosiers:  …pic.twitter.com/QVrFKJx623 Joe and @SenToddYoung introduced the National Airmail Museum Act that would designate Hangar 2 at Fort Wayne’s Smith Field as the National Airmail Museum, driving tourism and allowing future generations to learn about the city’s role in airmail history.pic.twitter.com/k1WntkgB5x Joe has consistently worked for quality, affordable health care coverage for Hoosiers, including those with pre-existing conditions.   READ: Joe’s statement on the start of Texas v. United States that would eliminate current health insurance protections for those with pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/Vn4e3zgYga REMINDER: Hoosier students who are interested in pursuing a nomination to one of our nation’s service academies must submit their nomination application to Joe’s office by Friday, September 14th.  pic.twitter.com/CynB9hBnwT Happy #LaborDay to all of our hardworking Hoosiers that make our state and country stronger. – Joepic.twitter.com/TALsvSKvCx I have spent parts of the last two days honoring the life of my colleague, friend, and hero, Senator John McCain. May this American patriot rest in peace. - Joepic.twitter.com/ujR3PdxNLn September is National #SuicidePrevention Month. If you, or someone you know, need help, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255pic.twitter.com/x6YIaOSErI If you are worried that you or your child are victims of identity theft, visit:  …. Joe pursued these reforms to protect consumers after the massive Equifax data breach that may have compromised the personal information of nearly 150 million Americans.   Joe’s provision also includes protections for minors against identity theft, which could affect one in four children before they become an adult. READ MORE:  pic.twitter.com/yINw3hvZ3p Earlier this year, President Trump signed Joe’s bipartisan regulatory relief package into law, which includes a provision Joe led that allows all consumers, free of charge, to freeze and unfreeze their credit and set year-long fraud alerts. Today is International Overdose Awareness Day, a day to remember the friends and families who have lost loved ones and to raise awareness about the devastating addiction and substance use epidemic. #EndOverdosepic.twitter.com/C8vCeo3WvN The VHP is an effort by the @LibraryofCongress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the U.S. military by recording their personal narratives and archiving them for future use. Joe’s staff interviewed Richmond-area veterans today for the Veterans History Project. The interviews included an Army Air Corps Sergeant from WWII, an Army Combat nurse from World War II, & a father who served in Vietnam and his son who served in Iraq.pic.twitter.com/Mo9jF3d0uM Following reports that the Administration will stop routine lender examinations intended to protect servicemembers and military families, Joe urged @CFPB Director Mulvaney to reconsider.  Joe continues his work to shield military families from predatory financial practices. #ICYMI: Joe helped the Senate pass a bill which:  Would double funding for CDC efforts to reduce childhood lead poisoning  Included his bipartisan amendment which would provide $1 million in funding for implementation of Trevor’s Law  Joe helped introduce legislation to overturn this rule – and he will continue working to ensure that Hoosiers with pre-existing conditions have access to health insurance. Read more about it here:  pic.twitter.com/CmjCE3KnUy The Administration's new rule expands "junk" insurance plans that are expected to raise health care costs for Hoosiers and don’t require coverage for those with pre-existing conditions. In the Senate-passed 2018 Farm Bill, Joe pushed successfully to ensure that Indiana’s farmers have the flexibility they need to make the planting decisions they want – without having to worry about losing access to commodity support programs in the future.pic.twitter.com/E1Cn34c3v7 4. Pass Joe’s recently introduced legislation that would require @ONDCP to track and evaluate all federally funded efforts to address the opioid epidemic and determine which programs are working effectively and which are not.   3. Pass Joe’s bipartisan legislation that would establish a new initiative to address the substance use provider shortage in underserved communities by increasing the number of professionals trained to treat substance use disorders & addiction.   2. Send a final Farm Bill to the President that includes Joe’s provisions that would help fight opioid abuse in rural communities.   1. Bring to the Senate Floor bipartisan opioids legislation, including Joe’s bipartisan measure to encourage the development of new, non-opioid or non-addictive pain treatments.   With drug overdose deaths increasing in Indiana, Joe is continuing his bipartisan work to address the opioid epidemic. Here are some examples of things that can be done:  pic.twitter.com/UsuuS8NfY5 #ICYMI: Joe was in Carmel with conservation advocacy groups last Friday, calling for the reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The LWCF provides grants to state and local governments to support park, recreation, and conservation projects.pic.twitter.com/fbKyUM7zbI Joe welcomed a major @USDOTFRA federal grant of up to $8.08 million to the Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District (NICTD) to help implement positive train control systems (PTC) on the @southshoreline running between South Bend & Chicago.pic.twitter.com/ZYOsZgc7RT Joe’s staff will be hosting a Veterans History Project in Richmond this Thursday, 1 PM to 3 PM EDT. All area veterans are encouraged to come & share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in volunteering to interview a veteran are also welcome.  pic.twitter.com/Va76y1DeVA (2/2): The bill would attract investment and growth by improving the delivery of high-speed internet and investing in waste- and drinking-water by infrastructure to ensure water systems are providing clean and reliable water. (1/2): WATCH: Joe secured a number of provisions in the Senate-passed Farm Bill - based on his bipartisan 2017 legislation - that would help rural communities.pic.twitter.com/rduNo4P5ZM READ: Joe's statement on the loss of @SenJohnMcCain:pic.twitter.com/4vyh1sy3le He will continue partnering with anyone willing to work together to combat this scourge. Joe has successfully led efforts in the Senate to address the opioid epidemic, including by enacting legislation to bring funding, awareness, and resources for treatment and prevention to help Indiana. This morning, Joe attended the @overdoselifelin event in Indy to raise awareness about the devastating opioid epidemic that is estimated to claim 174 lives daily.pic.twitter.com/A8ZTWjNZVP Today, Joe called for more action to address the opioid epidemic as overdose deaths rise in Indiana. The @CDC found that 1,840 died in Indiana as a result of an overdose in 2017, an 18% increase compared to 2016 and 37% jump over 2015.pic.twitter.com/zoC1QfhIUI In the nine-county Indy region, LWCF grants have been used to support nearly 70 projects totaling more than $10 million, including nearly 30 projects in Marion and Hamilton Counties. The LWCF, established in 1964, and primarily financed by revenues generated from energy production on federal lands, is a principal source of federal land conservation and provides grants to state and local governments to support park, recreation, and conservation projects. WATCH: Joe is in Carmel calling for reauthorization of Land and Water Conservation Fund with conservation advocacy groups, including @LCVoters and community members.  Unless Congress acts by September 30th, the LWCF will expire. #SaveLWCF   I just saw the news about my dear friend @SenJohnMcCain. He is not only my friend—he is one of my heroes and an American hero. My prayers and all of Indiana’s prayers and best wishes are with John and his family at this moment. –Joe (2/2) Along w/ pushing for efforts which could benefit communities like East Chicago, impacted by lead contamination, Joe’s fighting to implement Trevor’s Law, which could be valuable in investigating potential cancer clusters in communities like Franklin in Johnson Co.pic.twitter.com/dFKbKQ25JF (1/2) Today, the Senate passed a bipartisan appropriations bill that includes Joe’s bipartisan provision that would provide $1 million to implement Trevor’s Law. The bill also would double CDC resources aimed at reducing childhood lead poisoning.  pic.twitter.com/P3z08iMEh1 The bill would draw from recommendations made in the final report of the President’s opioid commission.   Joe introduced a bill today that would require @ONDCP to track and evaluate all federally funded efforts to address the opioid epidemic as part of its work to coordinate the National Drug Control Strategy.pic.twitter.com/vVIVuBUDRi WATCH: Today, Joe introduced fellow Hoosier Kip Tom during his Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing and expressed support for his nomination. Kip is nominated to be Ambassador & U.S. Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture.pic.twitter.com/2DcUvJ40QS READ: Joe’s statement about why he will not support @CFPB Director nominee, Kathleen Kraninger.pic.twitter.com/E9K9moHVqu He’ll push for inclusion of his bipartisan measure that'd provide funding to implement Trevor’s Law, which is designed to improve coordination among federal, state & local agencies & the public in investigating potential cancer clusters. This could benefit places like Franklin. Joe will highlight how the bill would double the current level of funding for CDC’s efforts to reduce childhood lead exposure and its impact on children. WATCH: Joe’s speaking about the bill being considered & how it would support efforts to make sure Hoosiers have confidence that their communities are safe.  … Trevor’s Law – designed to improve coordination among federal, state & local agencies & the public in investigating potential cancer clusters – hasn’t been fully implemented. This is the latest in Joe’s efforts to help families in Franklin & press Admin to implement the law.pic.twitter.com/9vGydxsJIk Joe is pushing for the Senate to pass his bipartisan amendment as part of the @HHSGov funding bill being debated this week. It would provide HHS w/ $1 million to update guidelines for investigation of potential cancer clusters as directed by Trevor’s Law.  Joe’s staff will be hosting a Veterans History Project in Richmond on Thursday, 8/30, 1 PM to 3 PM EDT. All area veterans are encouraged to come & share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in volunteering to interview a veteran are also welcome.  pic.twitter.com/lOmoF5rHY1 #ICYMI, Joe helped lead a group of his colleagues last week in urging the Administration not to follow through on reported plans to abandon financial protections for servicemembers and their families.  Joe was able to successfully secure provisions in the national defense bill, which was enacted recently, that will support Indiana’s role in the national defense.  pic.twitter.com/SL7kln66O5 #ICYMI: Joe's bipartisan bill to improve the national suicide hotline was signed into law this week. The bill in part requires @FCC to study whether to implement an easy to remember 3-digit suicide hotline number.  pic.twitter.com/ayZpbGt7Gk On his listening tour, Joe heard from Hoosiers about importance of cover crops & conservation programs. In the Senate-passed Farm Bill, Joe successfully included provisions that would ensure Hoosier farmers are provided with tools they need to be good stewards of the environment.pic.twitter.com/uoYnftVB1A In the national defense bill, signed into law this week, Joe successfully pushed for a number of provisions that will support our servicemembers.  pic.twitter.com/AFwTWQpCyX REMINDER: Hoosier students who are interested in pursuing a nomination to one of our nation’s service academies must submit their nomination application to Joe's office by Friday, September 14th.  pic.twitter.com/2C5DVAaS3y These efforts are expected to raise health care costs for Hoosiers, while failing to offer essential coverage and protections for those with pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/iUHViCRSCH #ICYMI: Earlier this month, the Administration finalized its rules around short-term "junk" insurance plans, continuing its efforts to undermine health insurance markets.   Reports indicate the Administration is moving to make it easier for predatory lenders to target servicemembers & military families. Joe helped lead an effort urging the Administration not to undo these financial protections.  pic.twitter.com/cGeWYE6bG5 Joe sat down for lunch with some of the summer interns in his DC office to thank them and hear about their Senate experience.pic.twitter.com/a5ToSFX97z The national defense bill signed into law this week includes provisions led and supported by Joe that will help protect American national security jobs and make sure Hoosiers can compete fairly against foreign competitors.  pic.twitter.com/2aSrXaLNMH Sad news that @WOWOFORTWAYNE’s Charly Butcher has passed away. I enjoyed talking with him over the years, and he will be missed. I am thinking of Charly’s family, friends, and colleagues. -Joe … U.S. government borrowing is projected to be at its highest since 2008, due in part to the McConnell/Ryan tax law, which Joe opposed. Speaker Ryan says he wants to cut Social Security and Medicare to help pay for the increased debt.  READ: Joe’s statement after meeting with Judge Kavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/lopEAbKvfz Today, Joe met with Supreme Court nominee, Judge Brett Kavanaugh.  pic.twitter.com/gYamoizLed The President signed into law Joe's & @senorrinhatch's bipartisan bill requiring @FCC to study the current suicide prevention lifeline system & make recommendations for improvements, including whether to use an easy-to-remember 3-digit suicide hotline #.  pic.twitter.com/Z20bwX8aUo Joe secured a number of provisions in the Senate-passed Farm Bill - based on his bipartisan 2017 legislation - that would help combat the opioid epidemic in rural communities.pic.twitter.com/MKecMxFtJ4 With the McConnell/Ryan tax law projected to balloon deficits, Speaker Ryan has suggested cutting Social Security to pay for it. Joe will continue fighting to protect Social Security so that hardworking Hoosiers can get the benefits they’ve worked their whole lives to earn. Since its enactment in 1935, the Social Security Act has given peace of mind to millions of American retirees.pic.twitter.com/1J6UyQInME Today, President Trump signed the bipartisan national defense bill into law, which includes a number of provisions Joe successfully fought for that will support Indiana’s contributions to our nation’s defense.  …pic.twitter.com/9jhcUYQNQr I’m concerned by this report. We should be protecting servicemembers and their families from financial fraud, abuse, and scams — not making it easier for predatory lenders and bad actors to prey on them. -Joe … Indiana students interested in pursuing a nomination to a service academy must submit their applications to Joe’s office by Friday, September 14, 2018 at 6 p.m. Click here to download the application:   & for more info click here:  pic.twitter.com/mv4PyMMOiH #ICYMI: Last week, the Senate passed a bill introduced by Joe and @SenToddYoung that would honor the crew of the USS Indianapolis with the Congressional Gold Medal. Read more here:  Joe toured the new Precision Ag Center of Excellence at @IvyTechCC in Terre Haute. Joe advocated successfully on Ivy Tech’s behalf for a federal @US_EDA  grant in 2017.  I continue to hope this will be the case for other families in Indiana, and across the country, whose loved ones served in the Korean War and never returned home. – Joe After Master Sgt. Charles McDaniel, a Hoosier native, made the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country, I’m glad to see that his family is gaining some sense of closure. – Joe … #ICYMI: The Senate passed a companion to Joe and @SenOrrinHatch’s National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act, sending it to the President’s desk. This legislation would help make improvements to the current suicide hotline system.pic.twitter.com/DFSMODPI7Q The opening of this new customs facility will mean airport users can fly into Gary from around the world without having to stop elsewhere to clear customs. Today, Joe helped cut the ribbon at the new @GaryChiAirport customs facility. Joe worked with @karenaboutgary and key stakeholders to get the stalled runway extension completed, allowing for more passengers and increased cargo operations.pic.twitter.com/NxAXjWUDXh Fallen Officer’s son receives police escort to 1st day of school:   via @YouTube At the breakfast, Joe also spoke about the importance of promoting exports and concerns about the Administration’s uncertain trade policies that are harming our Hoosier farmers. WATCH: Joe kicked off the 2018 @IndyStateFair last week at the @IndianaPork Ham Breakfast. As a member of the Senate Ag Committee, Joe successfully worked earlier this year to prevent pork farmers in Indiana from undue regulatory burdens.pic.twitter.com/rFkQWyOQKE According to IU’s @KelleySchool agriculture business in Indiana supports nearly 190,000 Hoosier jobs. Joe supports precision ag education and pushed to include a provision in the Senate-passed 2018 Farm Bill that would reauthorize and update the New Era Rural Technology Program to help community colleges fund efforts to develop a workforce trained in precision agriculture. The facility will house precision ag programs and hands-on, large equipment training. It will also be home to Ivy Tech Terre Haute’s Diesel Heavy Truck Technology classes and equipment. Joe toured the new Precision Ag Center of Excellence at @IvyTechCC in Terre Haute. Joe advocated successfully on Ivy Tech’s behalf for a federal @US_EDA  grant in 2017.pic.twitter.com/GzTR2j5AEl Today is National #PurpleHeartDay, a day to honor the men and women who were wounded or paid the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country and defending our freedoms.pic.twitter.com/A1rmqrAAZU Joe voted against the bill and has said repeatedly that our policies should focus on the middle class and hardworking Hoosier families.pic.twitter.com/b1P6Cdqn3y Just months after being enacted, it's clear that the McConnell-Ryan tax law is overwhelmingly benefiting Wall Street and wealthy shareholders rather than workers.  Joe continues to support and hopes the Senate will consider the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2017, which would restore vital voter protections.  #VRA53 On the 53rd anniversary of the #VotingRightsAct being signed into law we are reminded of the progress that’s been made and the important work that remains.pic.twitter.com/3PUdGDGa4w The Farm Bill – typically passed every 5 years – helps farmers & rural communities with a variety of issues they face. In the Senate-passed farm bill, Joe wrote a number of provisions to help Hoosier farmers navigate significant challenges & provide them with some stability.pic.twitter.com/AHkLKG1HGv Indiana students interested in pursuing a nomination to a service academy must submit their applications to Joe’s office by Friday, September 14, 2018 at 6 p.m. Click here to download the application:  pic.twitter.com/H5pvVk5Ex0 Joe and @SenDeanHeller introduced the National Senior Investor Initiative Act of 2018. This bipartisan proposal would create a dedicated task force within @SEC_News to protect seniors who make investments.pic.twitter.com/l2iwcJDhHB Happy 228th birthday to the @USCG. Since 1790, these brave men and women have served our country by protecting our coastlines and maritime commerce.pic.twitter.com/kvSaKrdJTJ Great to see old friends today at the @PurdueAgAlumni Pioneer Village to kick off the @IndyStateFair. - Joepic.twitter.com/PIONYheAPF Joe and @SenToddYoung introduced the resolution to designate August 3rd as National Ernie Pyle Day and it passed the Senate in December 2017. WATCH:, today is National Ernie Pyle Day, when we honor the celebrated war correspondent and Hoosier journalist, who forever influenced American journalism by capturing the daily sacrifice & heroism of our servicemembers in World War II.pic.twitter.com/ROEAvbLDki Joe is also committed to commonsense regulations for @IndianaPork. His bipartisan fix to CERCLA reporting requirements is now law, and he continues to advocate for a WOTUS rule based on commonsense input from Hoosiers who live and work along these waters every day. #indystatefairpic.twitter.com/Yi8mINFweS Joe is proud to represent Hoosiers as a member of the Senate Ag Committee. Joe made sure the Senate-passed farm bill included a number of provisions important to @IndianaPork farmers, including expanding export promotion programs & improving animal disease monitoring & responses.pic.twitter.com/XPPRMhsLdN This morning Joe visited with Hoosier pork farmers at the @IndianaPork Ham Breakfast to kick off the 2018 @IndyStateFair. Joe spoke about the importance of promoting exports and his concerns about the Administration’s uncertain trade policies that are harming our Hoosier farmers.pic.twitter.com/iSEbwr5qBB Following the death of 17 people, including 9 Hoosiers, in a duck boat tragedy last month in Missouri, Joe is supporting Sen. @McCaskillOffice’s bill that would improve safety.  pic.twitter.com/ge1diQDsUe Last night, the Senate unanimously passed bipartisan legislation introduced by Joe and @SenToddYoung that would honor the crew of the USS Indianapolis with the Congressional Gold Medal. This comes just a few days after the 73rd anniversary of the tragedy.pic.twitter.com/X1Sgu0YvGv Joe recently had the honor of attending a survivor’s reunion, where he got the chance to meet and thank the remaining survivors of the USS Indianapolis. The legislation passed in the Senate last night would honor the sacrifice, perseverance, and bravery of these heroes. … Joe helped craft the Senate Farm Bill as a member of the Ag Committee and it passed the Senate in June with broad bipartisan support. Joe’s provisions would improve risk management, conservation, and export promotion programs; help fight opioid abuse; and address food insecurity.pic.twitter.com/DZAT8mf0no Conferees need to put aside partisan differences and develop a bipartisan bill that can quickly be signed into law. Given the significant challenges facing our farmers – from depressed commodity prices to chaotic trade markets and uncertain federal policies, now more than ever, farmers need us to finalize a farm bill to provide some certainty. Joe called for quick agreement on a final version of the 2018 Farm Bill that provides some certainty for Hoosier farmers. The Senate sent its version of the bill to a conference committee, where it will be reconciled with the House version that passed earlier this year.pic.twitter.com/Nj465140oo Joe and @SenToddYoung met with the Indiana delegation interns this week @USCapitol.pic.twitter.com/nycbFICo6B This afternoon, Joe met with Stacie Davidson and Kari Rhinehart, two mothers from Franklin who are concerned about potential exposure to hazardous chemicals in their community. Joe has been working w/ Stacie and Kari to push @EPA and @IDEMnews for a timeline and plan for action.pic.twitter.com/k7YPOWALr0 The @CDCgov recently reported the suicide rate has risen nationally and in Indiana where it’s increased more than 30% since 1999. The legislation aims to reform the national suicide prevention lifeline system and Veterans Crisis Line including studying whether a 3-digit hotline number would be more effective.   The companion to Joe and @senorrinhatch’s bipartisan 'National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act' passed the Senate today and now heads to the president’s desk to be signed into law.pic.twitter.com/2VqnQjzoPu Today Joe met with Chief Flannelly of the @LafayetteINPD and was pleased to learn about his efforts and other programs that have helped reduce juvenile arrests and recidivism in all of Tippecanoe County.pic.twitter.com/ThY9bUWXxP Following President Trump’s meeting in Singapore, Joe and @SenatorToddYoung welcomed his commitment to recover and repatriate the remains of American POW/MIA soldiers.pic.twitter.com/esuixEToM0 With today’s repatriation ceremony, boxes of remains believed to be fallen American servicemembers missing in action since the Korean War continue their journey home from North Korea.pic.twitter.com/OBl3LrIqq3 These plans are expected to raise health care costs for Hoosiers, while failing to offer essential coverage & protections for those with pre-existing conditions. Joe has continuously fought to make healthcare more affordable & accessible for all Hoosiers.   Today, the Administration finalized its short-term, “junk” insurance plan rule, continuing its efforts to undermine health insurance markets.pic.twitter.com/R14t4tznAi Joe continues to push for a timeline and plan for action. #ICYMI: Joe met recently with @FranklinIND Mayor Barnett to discuss the need to ensure that all appropriate steps are taken to protect Hoosiers from possible exposure to hazardous  chemicals from the Amphenol Corporation and Webb Wellfield sites.pic.twitter.com/lQO2m0rX69 Joe welcomed federal grants yesterday from the @USDOT to help five airports in Indiana support needed construction projects and improve operations. Read more:  pic.twitter.com/dG5bo7XSjI Joe opposed the McConnell-Ryan tax law, which is projected to spike the deficit to $1 trillion by 2020. Speaker Ryan has said he wants to pay for the deficit by making cuts to Medicare, putting Hoosier seniors at risk. Joe has always fought to protect Medicare because it is critical to the health and economic well-being of Hoosier seniors, who have earned these benefits through their years of hard work. Today is the 53rd anniversary of Medicare being signed into law. More than 1.1 million Hoosiers are enrolled in Medicare and thousands more are expected to join in the next few years. #Medicare53pic.twitter.com/TBfMAIskUQ I condemn the vandalism at Congregation Shaarey Tefilla. There is no place for anti-Semitism, bigotry, or hatred in our communities, state, and country. -Joe  (3/3): There are currently 32 Indiana counties that lack hospital-based obstetrical services.pic.twitter.com/IfcFbSSBJo (1/2): The legislation would create a new designation in the National Health Service Corps to ensure that OB/GYNs in the corps are sent to the areas in highest need of maternity care. (1/3): #ICYMI: Joe announced his support for the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which seeks to improve maternity care access in underserved areas.pic.twitter.com/Htaz70TfIx The meeting continued Joe’s advocacy for families in the area. He has pushed @HHSgov to implement Trevor’s Law and called on @EPA and @idemnews to take any necessary actions to protect Hoosiers in Johnson County.pic.twitter.com/6iVRhWRMKA Joe met today with @FranklinIND Mayor Steve Barnett to discuss concerns on possible elevated levels of toxic chemicals surrounding the Amphenol Corporation and Webb Wellfield sites in Franklin.  …pic.twitter.com/ZXId7cOr5w At tonight’s @indyindians game, Joe honored the@INRedCross for their service to the military, threw out the first pitch, and joined the broadcast team for part of the game.pic.twitter.com/Ig4m6h1Lsg Joe had the honor of helping unveil a memorial to Lt Aaron Allan, who was killed in the line of duty one year ago today while serving the Southport community. Joe presented the @SouthportPD with a Congressional Record Statement honoring Lt. Allan’s service.pic.twitter.com/cTahRM9v9J Joe and his colleagues urged the @USTreasury and @IRSNews to reverse a decision that protects dark money and could allow ineligible contributors—including foreign actors—to make illegal donations in U.S. elections.pic.twitter.com/v6LShriq4E Today is the 28th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act being signed into law. More than 800,000 Hoosiers live with a disability and Joe continues to work to ensure all Hoosiers have equal opportunities for success. #ADA28pic.twitter.com/MXPRjAvvk3 Joe met with @INagribiz to discuss access to international markets for Hoosier farmers and the 2018 Farm Bill. Joe supported export promotion program provisions in the Senate-passed bill.  pic.twitter.com/Rizg8TOuLz The House passed a bipartisan repeal of the medical device tax yesterday and Joe called on the Senate to quickly pass it. Joe has long supported repealing the medical device tax, and has twice helped pass a suspension of the tax.pic.twitter.com/xSRM0IUXEC There are currently 32 Indiana counties that lack hospital-based obstetrical services, which can result in Hoosiers being forced to drive long distances or unable to access adequate maternity care.pic.twitter.com/ovluDuh2Fx The legislation would create a new designation in the National Health Service Corps to ensure that OB/GYNs in the corps are sent to the areas in highest need of maternity care. Joe supports the bipartisan Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which seeks to improve maternity care access in underserved areas.   #ICYMI: Joe recently announced federal grants awarded to five Indiana fire departments to help safety and operations. Follow the link for info on how Joe’s office can help communities apply for federal grants:  pic.twitter.com/x1FAHPvKGj This legislation would require the FCC to study the current national suicide prevention hotline system & make recommendations for how Congress can improve it, including whether to implement a 3-digit hotline number to better connect those in crisis with the resources they need. The House passed the companion to Joe’s bipartisan National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act. The version introduced by Joe and @senorrinhatch passed the Senate unanimously in November 2017.pic.twitter.com/1DHKEHprTA READ: Joe’s statement on the confirmation of Robert Wilkie as Secretary of the @DeptVetAffairs:pic.twitter.com/mTtqgq1M4u #ICYMI: Joe urged @EPA and @idemnews to take steps to protect Johnson County Hoosiers from concerning levels of toxic chemicals found near sites in Franklin. Read more here:  Major corporations have announced billions in stock buybacks for wealthy shareholders instead of investing in working Americans. Joe is committed to policies that support hardworking Hoosier families.  (1/2): The McConnell-Ryan tax law has yet to increase wages for workers as was promised. Instead, it is overwhelmingly benefitting corporate executives and Wall Street investors.pic.twitter.com/BEYxBCTd4e #GoodNews: veterans can now ride @IndyGoBus for free on any of its fixed bus routes. Learn more about the new program – and how to register for it – here:  (3/3): Joe is a co-sponsor of the DISCLOSE Act, a proposal that would increase transparency and accountability in campaign spending.pic.twitter.com/P6sKyHVTaU (2/3): This policy will keep Americans in the dark about who is funding political ads and other election activities. (1/3): The @ustreasury announced earlier this week it will no longer require some nonprofits, including those engaged in politics, to disclose donors who make donations of more than $5000. Joe, who serves on the Senate Armed Services Committee, is leading an effort in the Senate to honor & recognize the collective USS Indianapolis crew with a Congressional Gold Medal for their perseverance and bravery. This morning, joe attended the survivors reunion of the USS Indianapolis.pic.twitter.com/KeZpp0wPxR Heartbroken for this Indianapolis family and all who lost their lives or were injured during the tragedy in Branson, Missouri. -Joe   Great to be in Indy for the @INBlackExpoInc annual luncheon. –Joepic.twitter.com/Oj2E9WIm7Z Yesterday, Joe again called for @HHSGov Sec. Azar to implement Trevor’s Law and requested that HHS meets with Johnson Co. families about childhood cancer cases in the area.   Joe also asked the agencies to deliver to the public a timeline for action as soon as possible.   Today, Joe urged the @EPA and @idemnews to take any actions needed to protect Hoosiers in Johnson Co as a result of new info indicating possible elevated levels of toxic chemicals surrounding the Amphenol Corporation and Webb Wellfield sites in Franklin.pic.twitter.com/Js7DQJkzxJ Joe and @SenToddYoung, along w/ Major General Carr of the @INGuardsman hosted @SecArmy at Camp Atterbury today.pic.twitter.com/lGhknRKACv (2/2): Joe is a longtime advocate for the Ex-Im Bank because it helps level the playing field for Indiana small businesses and manufacturers, and helps companies create good jobs here in America. (1/2): WATCH: at a @SenateBanking hearing, Joe received a commitment from Kimberly Reed that, if confirmed, she would be a strong advocate for @Ex-ImBankUS.pic.twitter.com/MWUwtKGRl3 I look forward to continuing our work supporting life sciences, which have a $78 billion impact on Indiana’s economy, employing more than 55k Hoosiers. - Joe … The letter is the first bipartisan statement firmly opposing the family separation policy and urging the administration to work with the faith community on its efforts to reunify families.  … Joe, along with a bipartisan group of Senators, stated in a letter to President Trump that the default position of the U.S. should be to keep families together.pic.twitter.com/EBW3dRqinv They also discussed the 2018 Senate-passed Farm Bill, which includes many provisions Joe fought for that would reduce risk and increase export opportunities for farmers.pic.twitter.com/wlFlFxo7tU Yesterday, Joe met with the @indianacorngrowers to discuss their concerns about the Administration’s uncertain trade policies that are harming our Hoosier farmers and rural communities. Here’s what the VP of the Indiana Corn Growers Association said:pic.twitter.com/295l66VPp6 Joe is working toward quality, affordable health coverage for Hoosiers and urges the Administration to stop efforts that harm Hoosiers and raise costs.   Joe continued his fight to defend protections for people with pre-existing conditions against the current lawsuit, which the Administration supports, that seeks to make these provisions unconstitutional.pic.twitter.com/92byjHuppL (3/3): The VHP is an effort by the @librarycongress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the U.S. military by recording their personal narratives and archiving them for future use. (2/3): Joe’s staff and volunteers also spoke with an Army veteran who served in Germany and Korea, a veteran who served in the Navy as a duty driver, and a Marine vet who served in Operation Desert Storm.pic.twitter.com/6PqvWH0x90 (1/3): Joe’s staff interviewed Kokomo-area veterans today for the Veterans History Project, including a 95-year old World War II veteran who served in the Army Air Corps.pic.twitter.com/Ehn4quMrQc (2/2): Last week, Joe, @SenatorCollins and @SenBobCasey requested @USGAO examine the relationship between labor force participation rates and substance abuse, and review state and federal policies that may affect this trend.pic.twitter.com/PO1KBvOTvH (1/2): Yesterday, Joe asked @federalreserve Chairman Powell about the impact of opioid abuse on workforce participation and the economy. The labor force participation rate has declined over the last decade, due in part to prescription drug abuse.pic.twitter.com/rVU3JZYxB4 Today Joe met with Hoosiers visiting D.C. including Indiana’s @TrumanApp Scholar, members of the Indiana Association of School Psychologists, and Indiana Junior State of America students.pic.twitter.com/L2vs1xo55U Joe has heard from a number of Hoosier farmers about the damage from falling commodity prices and the loss of export markets.   Joe asked @FederalReserve Chairman Powell how farmers and rural communities are impacted by tariffs and the uncertainty caused by the Administration’s trade policy. … #ICYMI: Last week, Joe received the Friend of Farm Credit Award from @AGriBank_FCB for his efforts to support Hoosier farmers, families, & rural communities. Joe helped write the Senate-passed Farm Bill that includes provisions to benefit Hoosier ag.   Joe has been named to the conference committee to reconcile differences between the House- and Senate-passed versions of the defense bill.   It also would provide robust funding to Indiana facilities like @NAVSEACrane and Grissom Air Reserve Base that support our military members.   The Senate recently passed the bipartisan national defense bill, which includes several provisions Joe led or supported to reinforce Indiana’s role in our national defense, and to protect American security interests and U.S. defense-related jobs.pic.twitter.com/KGLoTxd4A8 READ: Joe’s statement after President Trump met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki today.pic.twitter.com/sX3qEICs5u REMINDER: Joe's staff members are hosting a Veterans History Project event this Wednesday, July 18. Joe encourages area veterans and servicemembers to come share their experiences serving our country.  pic.twitter.com/wfeOWbFbr7 Joe is the hired help for Indiana. Sign up for his newsletter to keep up-to-date with the work he’s doing for Hoosiers:  pic.twitter.com/nSNiwYnGXs Joe fought for, and secured, a number of provisions in the Senate-passed Farm Bill that would benefit Hoosier agriculture and rural communities, including programs to combat opioid abuse and stabilize the market. Read more in Joe’s op-ed:  READ: Joe's statement about President Trump’s scheduled meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday in Helsinki.  …pic.twitter.com/zAtZZBXRlN Today, Joe spoke at the @IndyLegion Statewide Conference in Indianapolis. Joe is proud to represent all Hoosier veterans and works tirelessly to ensure they get the benefits they have earned.pic.twitter.com/h6yTxBEl5M If you have any information on the Veterans Memorial plaques stolen from Arnett Cemetery in Fishers, please contact police or the @FallCreekTwp Office at 317-841-3180 … #ICYMI: Last week, Joe participated in a ribbon-cutting ceremony for the Salem Community Medical Services office expansion. This facility added more than 8,000 square feet of exam rooms, staff offices and group rooms.  At a Senate Banking Committee hearing, Joe highlighted several of his newly enacted consumer protections to help Americans regain control of their credit files, such as free credit freezes, credit monitoring for servicemembers, and protections from VA billing delays for veterans.pic.twitter.com/7k0BVHczBu The number of overdose deaths in the United States involving prescription opioids and heroin has quintupled since 1999. This appears to be a major factor in the significant decline of the national labor force participation rate.   Joe, @SenCollins and @SenBobCasey urged the Government Accountability Office to examine the relationship between labor force participation rates and substance use as well as a review of state and federal policies that may affect this trend.pic.twitter.com/xnypRkforU Joe also spoke to @INSoybean last week while visiting a farm in Terre Haute about falling commodity prices & uncertain market conditions. Joe championed provisions in the Farm Bill that would promote stability for Hoosier farmers. Read what Past President Joe Steinkamp said:pic.twitter.com/5Nt7BeWJJY Joe and @INFarmBureau President Randy Kron discussed trade & the Senate passed Farm Bill, which includes Joe’s provisions that would support Hoosier farmers, families, & our rural communities. Read what Randy said:pic.twitter.com/nUTX3vloqp Yesterday, Joe met with @INSoybean, @InStPoultry, and @INFarmBureau to discuss the Farm Bill and their concerns about how volatile, chaotic trade markets are harming Hoosier farmers.pic.twitter.com/z14mJZ6rja Yesterday, @AGriBank_FCB presented Joe w/ the ‘2018 Friend of Farm Credit Award’ for his efforts to support Hoosier ag including his work in the bipartisan Senate-passed Farm Bill.  pic.twitter.com/U0IFLDazZA Additionally, for the 2019 enrollment period, the Admin. will encourage organizations to promote off-market “junk” insurance plans that do not cover pre-existing conditions and other basic benefits and protections.  This program was already slashed significantly last year, when Indiana saw an 82 percent cut—the steepest in the country.   Joe is concerned by the Administration’s ongoing efforts to undermine our healthcare system. The latest action came yesterday when @HHSGov announced that it’s cutting funding for a program that helps Americans sign up for health insurance.pic.twitter.com/cWuPeOPhRJ Joe met with Kimberly Reed, nominee for @ExImBankUS President. Joe supports the Export-Import Bank because it helps Hoosier businesses boost exports and create jobs.pic.twitter.com/9KsSYsOzps Kokomo-area veterans are encouraged to attend the Veterans History Project event Joe’s staff is hosting next Wednesday, July 18. Those in the community who would like to volunteer to help interview veterans are also welcome.  pic.twitter.com/zlnR98RyZc We should be making quality health care more accessible to families —not harder to obtain — and I continue to stand ready to strengthen health care. –Joe … Yet another move by the Administration to undermine our health care system, this time cutting funding to groups that help families sign up for insurance & pushing organizations that receive resources to promote health plans that do not cover essential benefits & protections. I continue to believe the Senate Judiciary Committee should hold oversight hearings regarding the Administration’s policy that resulted in separating children from their parents and on its ongoing reunification efforts. -Joe As I’ve said, those trying to enter the US illegally should be held accountable, but separating kids from their parents isn't reflective of our shared American values. I still want answers from the Administration as to why they've been unable to quickly reunite so many families. The Indiana National Guard plays a crucial role not just in our nation’s security but also in Indiana’s economy. Read more:  Joe met with @IndianaNationalGuard members and their families and thanked them for their service. Joe continues to be a strong advocate and supporter of the Indiana National Guard and the critical work National Guard members do for our state and country.pic.twitter.com/4vLFAqaSuF Joe met with students and teachers from @EMChargers at the @USCapitol.pic.twitter.com/MfSePNDtXw #ICYMI: Joe recently visited Smithville Fiber in Ellettsville to discuss his recent, successful efforts to help rural communities attract investment and growth by improving delivery of high-speed Internet service. Read more here:  Read Joe’s statement on the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh for the vacancy on the Supreme Court.pic.twitter.com/AxOjlWkNCX (2/2): Joe introduced the TAA for Automation Act. This bill would extend TAA benefits to workers who lose jobs due to automation through job training and reemployment assistance.  pic.twitter.com/z8w2KeMmJZ (1/2): The @McKinsey_MGI recently reported that automation could displace as many as 73 million U.S. jobs by 2030. (2/2): In the coming days, I will be reviewing the record and qualifications of the president’s nominee. – Joe (1/2): While I appreciate the invitation from the White House to attend this evening’s announcement, I declined so that I can meet first with the nominee in a setting where we can discuss his or her experience and perspectives. Joe spoke at the departure ceremony for the 17th Annual Cops Cycling for Survivors bicycle ride. These cyclists will ride around the perimeter of Indiana to raise awareness for the sacrifices made by our Hoosier law enforcement members and their families.pic.twitter.com/5w3HP5YH0F WATCH: Joe visited a Terre Haute farm to meet with farmers and discuss provisions in the 2018 Senate-passed Farm Bill that would benefit Hoosiers. This legislation includes a number of provisions championed and secured by Joe to help Hoosier farmers and rural communities.pic.twitter.com/rVpWqQjTNr This latest action by the Administration could lead to higher health care costs for families and further destabilize the marketplace. As I’ve said repeatedly we should work together to make quality health care more affordable. -Joe    … ICYMI: Recently Joe hosted @secnav76 at @NAVSEACrane. Sec. Spencer saw the installation first-hand and heard from Hoosiers who work every day at Crane to support our servicemembers and national security.  #ICYMI: Recently, Joe worked with @SenToddYoung to introduce the Growing American Food Exports Act, which would remove barriers to trade for the ag industry and help and fund efforts to advocate for new production technologies.  Joe is proud the bipartisan Senate Farm Bill passed with many of his provisions, including bipartisan efforts to fight the opioid crisis and improving risk management tools.   … REMINDER: Today is the last day for those affected by flood and storm damage in Indiana earlier this year to apply for federal assistance at  . … Wishing everyone a happy and safe 4th of July. – Joe #July4thpic.twitter.com/UsEXek32UO Following the shooting at Noblesville West Middle School, Joe is urging Secretary of Education @BetsyDeVosED to engage students, teachers, principals, superintendents, parents, and mental health professionals in efforts to improve school safety.  pic.twitter.com/Fj4vrzT0o9 Joe stopped by Smithville in Ellettsville yesterday where he toured the facility and talked to employees about ensuring all Hoosiers, including those in our rural communities, have access to high-speed internet. Joe also participated in a fiber splicing demo.pic.twitter.com/GqIWG5LvUH He will continue working to promote development of new market opportunities as Hoosier farmers work to navigate challenging international markets. … Joe successfully included in the Senate-passed Farm Bill a provision that would increase export opportunities for Hoosier farmers.  … He also heard from farmers about their growing concerns with falling commodity prices and the uncertainty created by the Administration's current trade policy. Last week, Joe met with the President and relayed the concerns he’s heard from Indiana’s ag community.pic.twitter.com/tN93jNNjnS Joe discussed the Senate-passed Farm Bill in Terre Haute this afternoon with members of @INSoybean and @IN_Corn, including provisions he secured that would help Hoosier farmers and rural communities.pic.twitter.com/L4O3Be9rB0 Joe has been a long-time supporter of FQHCs. It’s estimated that FQHCs serve around 26 million Americans per year.pic.twitter.com/sSJVEWQ6XU Today, Joe participated in a ribbon-cutting ceremony for the newly expanded Salem Community Medical Services office. The facility is a Federally Qualified Health Center and its expansion brings new exam rooms, staff offices, and group rooms adding more than 8,000 square feet.pic.twitter.com/7HT0eaIXhu Joe, @SenToddYoung, and @RepLarryBucshon hosted @secnav76 at @NAVSEACrane. Sec. Spencer was able to hear directly from Hoosiers who work every day at Crane to support our national security.pic.twitter.com/nowzWbqYfc I’m thinking of the Capital Gazette employees and their families in the wake of today’s heartbreaking shooting. The work they—and reporters all over the country—do is critical to the health of our democracy. -Joe READ: Joe’s statement after meeting with President Trump at the White House this evening:pic.twitter.com/6aUfslVzKf Joe helped the Senate pass the 2018 Farm Bill, which includes a number of provisions he wrote or supported that would benefit Hoosier farmers, families, and rural communities.pic.twitter.com/Hpbb6AjJpy The VHP is an effort by the @librarycongress to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the U.S. military by recording their personal narratives and archiving them for future use. Joe’s staff also talked to a former Army Nurse Corps member who served during World War II. She was stationed in England, and was a Second Lieutenant.pic.twitter.com/4FyQWQ6K7E #ICYMI: Last week, Joe’s staff and local volunteers sat down with veterans at the Evansville Protestant home for a Veterans History Project event. Among those interviewed was a Hoosier Army vet who served on the DMZ.pic.twitter.com/uwlASgRwPU The Supreme Court #Janus ruling is a setback for working men and women. The labor movement and labor unions have given voice to fair wages, safe working conditions, and collective bargaining. I will never stop advocating for Hoosier workers and working families in our state. -Joe WATCH LIVE: Joe is speaking on the floor about the Senate Farm Bill which includes many of his provisions that if passed, would greatly benefit Hoosiers.   Joe was awarded the 2018 Champion of Homeownership Award by @MHIupdate for supporting affordable manufactured housing and for successfully including part of his 'Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act' in the regulatory relief package signed into law earlier this year.pic.twitter.com/nfgOKy4F7d It was a pleasure meeting with Indiana Presidential Scholars this morning. Congratulations on this achievement and good luck at college. – Joepic.twitter.com/jFB3eVP5C6 The 2018 Farm Bill is scheduled to be debated by the full Senate this week. As a member of the Senate Ag Committee, Joe successfully worked to include a number of provisions that would benefit Hoosier farmers and rural communities.  pic.twitter.com/E8SZGsnrNA Saddened to hear about the loss of Chief Branson, who dedicated his life to serving the Goshen community. We’re grateful for his service, and I'm keeping Chief Branson’s family, friends, and the Goshen Police Department in my prayers. – Joe … Last week, insurers offering healthcare to Hoosiers on the individual marketplace for 2019 filed their proposed plans. Here’s what Indiana insurer CareSource said:pic.twitter.com/KvE35b1W0R Joe heard from health insurers and from patients groups, all concerned by the Administration's ongoing efforts to create instability in the marketplace, which increases premiums.  Joe is the hired help in the Senate for Hoosiers. Keep up with the work he's doing by signing up for his E-Newsletter here:  pic.twitter.com/16XZCybshD This morning, Joe was in Indy to participate in the @NKFofIndiana Annual Walk, which helps kidney disease education and awareness, and provides support to patients, families, caretakers and medical staff.pic.twitter.com/zLX2r7VEZE WATCH: Joe worked successfully to include a number of provisions in the 2018 Farm Bill that would help Hoosiers. The bill recently passed the Senate Ag Committee & is set to be debated by the full Senate next week.pic.twitter.com/vTwZJTpEkk WATCH: Joe’s staff held a Veterans History Project event in Evansville yesterday. Veterans History Project is an effort by the @LibraryCongress to preserve veterans’ stories by recording and archiving them.pic.twitter.com/uP2IfHMWOv Joe’s bipartisan legislation with Senator @JohnBoozman to create a National Desert Storm War Memorial became law in 2014 & their second bill designating the location was signed in 2017. He also partnered with Hoosier native Scott Stump on these efforts.  … Today, the @CFA_Gov announced the National Desert Storm War Memorial will be built at 23rd St. NW & Constitution Ave., a prominent location on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Joe spoke at the meeting this morning & successfully urged them to vote in favor of the location.pic.twitter.com/kNSdLdCL9o Joe announced he supports the bipartisan VA Medicinal Cannabis Research Act, which would authorize the VA to conduct scientific and medical research regarding the safety and effectiveness of cannabis in treating veterans.pic.twitter.com/Lkrm8JDNhD Joe was proud to partner with @SenToddYoung on a bipartisan amendment that passed the Senate today, which aims to ensure the Veterans Crisis Line is effectively serving veterans in distress. The measure was based on the bill they previously introduced.  … .@AARP expressed concerns to Joe over short-term, off-market plans which could lead to higher premiums for older Hoosiers.pic.twitter.com/vqV5844M5O Joe heard from insurers currently offering coverage on Indiana’s individual marketplace & patient groups that are concerned with challenges they are facing due to actions by the Admin and some in Congress.   This could return us to the days when folks with diabetes, cancer, multiple sclerosis, arthritis, and asthma, for example, could again face the possibility of being denied health insurance coverage. The Administration argued in a federal court brief that protections for pre-existing conditions should be ruled unconstitutional. Earlier this year, the Administration proposed short-term “junk” plans, which would undermine market stability and allow insurers to deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions and charge older folks more. This comes as the Administration continues efforts to sabotage our health care system, and independent analyses have found these actions in addition to those by some in Congress could result in possible rate hikes of 20 percent. Today, insurers offering health care to Hoosiers on the individual marketplace for 2019 are expected to file their proposed plans. The @DeptVetAffairs is implementing a provision to protect veterans from predatory lending practices. The provision was part of Joe’s regulatory relief and consumer protection package.   pic.twitter.com/yFio1uD858 ‘Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran’ is June 27, from 9 am to 3 pm, at the @IndyStateFair. It’s open to veterans and servicemembers and their families.pic.twitter.com/RMmBXwZhv2 On #Juneteenth2018, we commemorate a significant day in our country’s history and recognize that while we have made great strides, we still have work to do. Recently, Joe helped the Senate pass a resolution recognizing #Juneteenth.pic.twitter.com/i6xIgkHVIr Joe and @SenToddYoung welcomed President Trump’s recent commitment to recover and repatriate the remains of American prisoners of war (POW) and servicemembers who are missing in action (MIA) from the Korean War, including 176 Hoosiers.pic.twitter.com/VES3yhq1xw Joe helped the Senate pass the bipartisan annual National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which would support our troops and give them a pay raise, protect U.S defense-related jobs and support Indiana’s role in our national security.pic.twitter.com/IMxD8NwKxe REMINDER: Evansville-area veterans are encouraged to attend the Veterans History Project event Joe’s staff is hosting this Thursday, June 21. Those in the community who would like to volunteer to help interview veterans are also welcome.pic.twitter.com/LrzhQ45dHY I’ll be cosponsoring the Keeping Families Together Act. As I’ve said, those trying to enter our country illegally should be held accountable and we should fix our broken immigration system, but I don’t support the Admin.'s  new policy that separates children from their families. … Happy #FathersDay to all Hoosier dads. Thank you for all you do. - Joepic.twitter.com/XD5vMbjJtv Joe believes that we should enforce our immigration laws and fix our broken system. He does not support the Administration’s new policy that separates families.pic.twitter.com/EDelUjne6P Joe wore jerseys and hats from Indiana at the game including the @railcats, @SouthBendCubs, and @indyindians.pic.twitter.com/FpNravWKaT It was great to play in the #CongressionalBaseballGame last night. Always fun to play baseball with my friends on both sides of the aisle. – Joepic.twitter.com/OWhUwapQZp The Suicide Hotline Improvement Act aims to reform the suicide prevention lifeline system and Veterans Crisis Line including whether a 3-digit hotline number would be more effective. Joe and @senatororrinhatch introduced the bipartisan Suicide Prevention Bill, which passed the Senate unanimously last November & this week a @HouseCommerce Subcommittee passed a companion to the bill.pic.twitter.com/mgMj4yWZd7 The @CDC recently reported the suicide rate in Indiana has risen more than 30% since 1999. Tonight is the @thehillbaseball game @Nationals Park, and Joe will be wearing a number of different jerseys and hats representing different teams from across the state including @railcats, @SBCubs, and @indyindians. #CongressionalBaseballGame #CBG18pic.twitter.com/GgIq3pdfni Yesterday, with Joe’s help, the Senate Ag Committee passed the 2018 Farm Bill with strong bipartisan support. It includes several provisions led by Joe.   … WATCH LIVE: Joe is on the floor highlighting Indiana’s critical role in our national defense & his efforts to protect U.S. defense-related jobs & security interests & an amendment to the defense bill targeting outsourcing.   Joe met with students from Delphi Middle School while they were visiting D.C.pic.twitter.com/xMU61ZVh8x Joe met with a number of Hoosiers this morning visiting D.C. over coffee.pic.twitter.com/X8KrztIpvf (2/2) The @CDCgov recently reported that suicide has become the second-leading cause of death among 15- to 34-year-olds, and the suicide rate in Indiana has risen more than 30% since 1999.   (1/2) Joe met with @AFSPIndiana members to discuss ways to help prevent suicide in Indiana.pic.twitter.com/dttMMJYK6Z Great to meet with students from Snider High School in Fort Wayne while they were visiting the @USCapitol. Go Panthers. – Joepic.twitter.com/FW7vVqUeaY READ: Joe’s statement after the summit in Singapore between President Trump and North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un:  pic.twitter.com/FLVXA1kkm6 Evansville-area veterans are encouraged to attend the Veterans History Project event next Thursday, June 21, to share their stories. Those in the community who would like to volunteer to help interview the veterans are also welcome.  pic.twitter.com/zOzms9LGqM Joe welcomed over $16 million in federal grants from the @USDOT to help six airports in Indiana support needed construction projects and improve operations.  This repeal could threaten an open Internet & harm Hoosier consumers, entrepreneurs & small businesses as well as their ability to access the content of their choice. Internet providers could speed up, slow down, or even block web content. Joe, along with many Senate colleagues, urged House Speaker Paul Ryan to immediately schedule a vote to overturn the FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality, which goes into effect today.pic.twitter.com/ccQnw9HD06 Joe recently helped the Senate pass a bipartisan resolution that would protect an open internet and reverse the FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality. … READ: Joe’s statement in advance of the summit in Singapore between President Trump and North Korea leader Kim Jong Un.pic.twitter.com/4sP4ZftcKX (1/2): #ICYMI: Joe’s ‘Right to Try’ legislation was signed into law recently by the president. Joe worked with Laura McLinn and her son Jordan of Indianapolis to advance ‘Right to Try’ legislation through Congress.   (2/2): This legislation is about families having the right to try and access potentially life-saving, clinically tested medical treatment before time runs out.pic.twitter.com/t5H0k76Ghc #ICYMI: Joe got the chance to meet and thank WWII veterans from southern Indiana and Kentucky for their service this week.pic.twitter.com/X4Njdi4CQo Fighting Food Insecurity: The bill would strengthen oversight of SNAP & help fight food insecurity by reforming food assistance programs, while protecting access and maintaining the integrity of the programs. Supporting Rural Communities: The bill would help rural communities attract investment and growth by improving the delivery of high-speed internet and investing in waste- and drinking-water by infrastructure to ensure water systems are providing clean and reliable water. Developing New Markets: The bill would increase market opportunities through export promotion programs, building on Joe’s legislation with @SenJoniErnst, @SenAngusKing, and @SenCollins that would invest in the Market Access Program & the Foreign Market Development Program. Supporting Specialty Crop Growers: Joe heard about the continued importance of allowing farmers full flexibility for those who want to plant fruits and vegetables. The bill would retain this, building on a bipartisan bill Joe introduced with @SenToddYoung in 2017. Promoting Voluntary Conservation Programs: The bill would eliminate potential disincentives for voluntary conservation practices like cover crops and support soil health improvement programs,  an issue raised at several listening sessions. Fighting the Opioid Epidemic: This bill includes a number of provisions Joe wrote that would combat the opioid epidemic through telemedicine and community facility investments for substance abuse treatment. The @SenateAg Committee released it’s draft #FarmBill18 w/ several Hoosier priorities included. Joe helped craft the bipartisan bill & secured provisions based, in part, on input from his 12 listening sessions w/ nearly every segment of Indiana’s ag community:pic.twitter.com/OuDhbinXfb READ: Joe’s statement on the Administration’s effort to raise health care costs and take away protections for Hoosiers and Americans with pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/AzL4qVAz97 The Admin. asked to strike down the ban on insurers denying coverage & charging higher rates to people w/ pre-existing health care conditions, right as insurers offering health plans on the individual marketplace in Indiana are preparing to file proposed 2019 plans by June 20. The bill was named after Dr. Todd Graham from South Bend, who was killed for refusing to prescribe a patient opioids. Joe and @SenToddYoung’s bipartisan Dr. Todd Graham Pain Management Improvement Act would require @HHSgov to study and submit recommendations for incorporating non-opioid pain treatments within Medicare.pic.twitter.com/AiZvzYqXaN Looking forward to next week’s @thehillbaseball game. Great to see my friend, @SteveScalise at baseball practice this morning. – Joe   … (3/3): ZTE sold sensitive U.S. technologies to Iran & North Korea in violation of U.S. sanctions laws. Joe is committed and continues to fight to protect our national security and American jobs.  (2/3): After passing the Senate Armed Services Committee with Joe’s support, the full Senate is nearing consideration of national defense bill, which includes provision on ZTE.    (1/3): Joe is concerned w/ Admin’s deal to roll back penalties against China’s ZTE Corp., which is a known national security threat. The Senate’s NDAA would prohibit the @DeptofDefense from procuring, obtaining, or renewing contracts that utilize services from ZTE. … Joe talked with students from Rushville High School visiting D.C.pic.twitter.com/kPXZFetHqQ Joe met with students from Bloomington’s Tri-North, Jackson Creek, and Batchelor Middle Schools today at the @USCapitol.pic.twitter.com/oRsqwcfYRq Great to meet with everyone today. The RV industry plays an essential role in Indiana’s economy and I look forward to our continued partnership. –Joe … Joe greeted and thanked World War II veterans from southern Indiana and Kentucky who were in Washington, D.C., with a Bluegrass Honor Flight Network trip.pic.twitter.com/hjshKsFo7c Joe helped the Senate pass the bipartisan VA MISSION Act, which was signed into law by President Trump today. The law will reform the VA Choice program to ensure veterans can more effectively receive the health care & benefits they have earned & deserve.   We will never forget the bravery, courage, and sacrifice of the Americans who fought and died on #DDay 74 years ago today. – Joepic.twitter.com/YU8D1wFeRW June is Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness month, a time to remember the loved ones we have lost and recommit ourselves to finding a cure. Joe supports federal funding to support research to #EndAlzheimers.pic.twitter.com/tdigqWWTRK Joe met with retired Col. Moshe Patel, Director of the Israel Missile Defense Organization, to discuss U.S. security assistance to Israel.pic.twitter.com/kjiClc2Kco Joe outlined Hoosier priorities as the Senate Agriculture Committee prepares to work on the 2018 Farm Bill. Joe held 12 listening session across Indiana to hear directly from Hoosier stakeholders about all that a farm bill should do. READ: his full letter:  pic.twitter.com/Tw1ObMcyjF Joe met with students from Speedway Junior High School who were visiting the @USCapitol today.pic.twitter.com/jLU6cxzFda Joe's staff attended the 38th Change of Command Ceremony at Camp Atterbury, where Col. Felicia Brokaw made history as the first female commander of the Camp Atterbury and Muscatatuck Urban Training Center.pic.twitter.com/ic3eJw00SC Joe has fought continuously on behalf of Hoosier vets & spoke Saturday at the @IndianaAMVETS Conference. Recently, he helped pass a bipartisan bill that will soon become law, which aims to strengthen the @DeptVetAffairs & streamline the VA Choice Program.  pic.twitter.com/oPcxmDTHtn In the first three months following enactment of the McConnell-Ryan tax bill, there were a record $178 billion in stock buybacks, benefiting Wall Street and wealthy shareholders. Joe is committed to policies that support hardworking Hoosier families.  Joe helped the Senate Armed Services Committee pass the 2019 national defense bill, where he secured a number of provisions that would support Indiana’s role protecting our country. Read about them:  pic.twitter.com/EjUxtMDVES Today, Indiana @DAVHQ gave Joe the Legislator of the Year award for his work to support Hoosier veterans.pic.twitter.com/Io3t1kIcO8 ICYMI: Last week the President signed Joe's bipartisan regulatory relief package into law. The law will make it easier for Hoosier families to get a mortgage and for small businesses to expand by reducing regulatory burdens on community banks and credit unions.pic.twitter.com/UCr8sIi0JZ The @McKinsey_MGI recently reported that automation could displace as many as 73 million U.S. jobs by 2030.  Joe with @SenGillibrand and @SenGaryPeters introduced a bill that would extend job training and reemployment assistance to affected workers.  (2/2): He recently urged the president to help improve consumer choices and reduce prices by addressing regulatory burdens around the blending of biofuels.   (1/2): As families head to work or out on summer road trips, Joe is concerned about rising gas prices in Indiana, which are 30% higher than a year ago.pic.twitter.com/9bOgJgLRKX Joe recently helped the Senate Armed Services Committee pass the bipartisan annual national defense bill and successfully secured a number of provisions that would support Indiana’s role in our national defense. Read more about it here:  pic.twitter.com/Ty8bHBCXiy Joe worked w/ @LauraMclinn & her son Jordan to pass & get #RightToTry across the finish line. Today they joined the President as he enacted the bill. This is about families having the right to try potentially life-saving medical treatment for their terminally ill loved ones.pic.twitter.com/IQEilpoly2 The bill will allow terminally ill patients who have exhausted all approved treatment options to access certain clinically tested, potentially life-saving medical treatment. #RightToTrypic.twitter.com/XKBwRiDGxW Joe joined President Trump at the White House along with the McLinn family of Indianapolis as the President signed his bipartisan #RightToTry bill with @senronjohnson into law.pic.twitter.com/KCeIzoWRsY Great spending time with @LauraMclinn and her family this morning. This is a special day and we’re looking forward to heading to the White House as the President signs ‘Right to Try’ into law. - Joepic.twitter.com/NpuUFT2Nzj (2/2): This was the 51st Veterans History Project event Joe’s office has held to preserve the historic experiences of those who served in the U.S. military by recording their personal narratives and archiving them for future use in the @libraryofcongress.pic.twitter.com/adna5bX5YK (1/2): On Memorial Day, Joe interviewed Gary James, a U.S Marine Desert Storm veteran, for the Veterans History Project. Gary is a resident of Gary, IN & received a National Defense Medal, Good Conduct Medal, & 3 meritorious United Citation Ribbons for his service.pic.twitter.com/BtFjFuf6wu Joe joined volunteers from @HVAFofIndiana and the @indyrotary at the HVAF Food Pantry in Indy this afternoon to help distribute food and hygiene backpack kits for veterans.pic.twitter.com/JUZpXT3UR1 Joe’s staff attended Memorial Day events across the state yesterday including in New Albany and Evansville.pic.twitter.com/S4HzkUI8qk On Memorial Day, Joe spoke at the Lake County Vietnam Veterans Memorial to honor the men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice to defend our freedoms.   pic.twitter.com/ZkljkzXXgv On Memorial Day, we take time to commemorate the brave men and women in uniform who have given their lives in service to our country. – Joepic.twitter.com/OSmpawFUrB Congrats to #Indy500 winner @12WillPower! - Joe #IndyCar #102ndRunning @IMS Today's a big day in the racing capital of the world. Good luck to all the drivers in this year's #Indy500. – Joepic.twitter.com/cnflNaSS4f I’m inspired by the selflessness and heroism of Noblesville West Middle School teacher Jason Seaman. Our teachers, staff, and administrators are extraordinary. -Joe … I’m thankful to @NoblesvilleFD and to all of our federal, state, county, as well as city police, firefighters & first responders. We’re so incredibly grateful for all you do for us. –Joe, after spending time with @NoblesvilleFD firefighters who responded to the shootingpic.twitter.com/SoPFx3KCQ5 Joe joined law enforcement, first responders, and local, state & federal officials at Noblesville West Middle School following the shooting today. He also spent time at @NoblesvilleFD Station 74 with firefighters who responded to the shooting at the school.pic.twitter.com/4JdGVhzQh0 Joe is en route to Noblesville from Evansville and continues to monitor the situation. I’m closely monitoring the situation at Noblesville West Middle School. I’m praying for the entire Noblesville community, students, teachers, families, and am thankful for our first responders. – Joe Joe helped the Senate pass bipartisan legislation that would reform the process for victims reporting sexual harassment in Congress. It would strengthen staff protections, increase transparency, and hold Members of Congress accountable.pic.twitter.com/EcpQUtPXvF Joe’s staff attended the Indiana Rolling Thunder sendoff where members began their annual motorcycle ride from Indiana to Washington D.C. in honor of Memorial Day and Indiana’s POW and MIA servicemembers.pic.twitter.com/a2LPMUaTTx President Trump signed Joe’s bipartisan regulatory relief package into law today. The law reduces regulatory burdens on the 103 community banks and 154 credit unions in Indiana and provides new protections to consumers, veterans, and servicemembers.  pic.twitter.com/p3q4YHhWVU WATCH: in honor of Memorial Day, Joe is live on the Senate floor paying tribute to the four Hoosier servicemembers who lost their lives while serving our country this past year.  … Joe announced his support for bipartisan legislation introduced in the Senate today that would help victims get justice by reforming the process for addressing workplace harassment and discrimination claims in Congress.pic.twitter.com/7Jr4ESZdS3 With Joe’s support, @IndianaRHA and the Rural Maternity Medical Home Access Consortium have been awarded a grant from @HRSAgov to provide access to maternity care for more Hoosiers in rural communities.  This bill is important for Hoosier families and small businesses. I’m grateful for the @IndianaChamber’s support as we worked to get this to the President to be signed into law. – Joe … The bill would help community banks and credit unions increase lending to families and small businesses, while providing new protections for consumers, including servicemembers and veterans.   #ICYMI: Joe’s bipartisan regulatory relief package passed the House last night and heads to the President’s desk to be signed into law.pic.twitter.com/qs0v4foj2f (2/2): Terry is speaking before the committee after Joe was instrumental in facilitating IU's participation in the hearing.   (1/2): Tomorrow, @IndianaUniv Professor Nicolas Terry will testify before the @SenateAging Committee following IU's new policy report on addressing the opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/JGBzD4HMra The bill would allow terminally ill patients who have exhausted all approved treatment options to access certain clinically tested, potentially life-saving medical treatment.  … WATCH: Joe and @SenRonJohnson are live in the Capitol discussing their Right to Try bill, which just passed the House of Representatives with bipartisan support. It’s now headed to the President’s desk to be signed into law.  … Joe’s bipartisan ‘Right to Try’ legislation with @SenRonJohnson just passed the House and heads to President Trump’s desk to be signed into law.  pic.twitter.com/mKfWSgW7jL Looking forward to the House vote later today. Great to have Laura and Jordan in D.C. - Joe … On behalf of Hoosiers, we are praying for a full recovery for our former First Lady Susan Bayh. She exemplifies courage, grace, love of family, and devotion to country. Please keep her and the Bayh family in your prayers. –Joe The House will vote on two of Joe’s bipartisan bills today: his Right to Try legislation and his community banking regulatory relief package. If passed, they will go to the President’s desk to be signed into law.pic.twitter.com/yH1YV7IxIa Joe has been leading the fight to fix these regulations for years and applauded the President’s decision to work towards the same goal. Addressing this issue would be a great win for Hoosier families, businesses, and rural communities.   Joe is concerned about the recent increase in gas prices for Hoosier drivers & today he urged the President to remove current regulatory problems that prevent most retailers from selling American-made fuels like E15 during the summer, driving up the cost to consumers at the pump.pic.twitter.com/cAuyoUBEy5 On #RightToTry w/ @SenDonnelly: “Many people have worked tirelessly on behalf of terminally ill patients and their families to see right to try become law. The Senate passed right to try unanimously last August. We look forward to the House taking up and passing S.204 tomorrow.” #ICYMI: Last week, Joe helped the Senate pass a bipartisan resolution that would reverse the FCC’s misguided repeal of #NetNeutrality. Joe believes all Hoosiers should have access to the content of their choice and an open internet.pic.twitter.com/PZidJgCDHy It was an honor to participate in the @INGuardsman Enlistment Ceremony at the @IMS. Congratulations to all of our new recruits. -Joepic.twitter.com/u04mcEzJ5b Joe met a large group of @IndianaRealtors who were advocating in DC on behalf of Hoosier homeowners.pic.twitter.com/HsLA7auJuZ This #ArmedForcesDay we honor and thank the brave men and women who put their lives on the line to protect our freedoms. -Joe Joe met with students from @MilanMiddle School while they were visiting the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/AurEiZpTD5 To commemorate #PoliceWeek, Joe spoke on the Senate Floor honoring the nine Hoosier law enforcement officers who have been killed in the line of duty in the past five years. Read about it his speech and watch it here:  With Joe’s support, the Federal Transit Administration @FTA_DOT signed a $75 million grant agreement for the @IndyGoBus Red Line project, bringing the public transit project one step closer to fruition.  We’re only 2 years out from the 2020 Census, and an accurate census is critical to Indiana & our country. W/ that in mind, Joe reiterated to the Administration the importance of choosing a non-partisan, experienced, scientifically qualified leader to be @uscensusbureau director.pic.twitter.com/HBC7goftwN Great to meet with everyone from Batesville yesterday. Go Bulldogs. – Joe … The House of Representatives will vote next week on Joe’s bipartisan Right to Try legislation that would allow families to try potentially life-saving, clinically tested medical treatment to treat terminally ill patients.pic.twitter.com/53mDed3XAc The tragedy at Santa Fe High School is deeply saddening. To the students, faculty, staff, and parents, we stand with you. To the brave first responders, thank you. – Joe Earlier this week, Joe spoke on the Senate floor, calling for action from Congress to protect the hundreds of thousands of workers and retirees across the country at risk of losing the pensions they earned through decades of work.pic.twitter.com/aFceVV8tq1 Joe urged the Administration to put American jobs & national security ahead of China. This follows reports the Dept. of Commerce could ease penalties imposed on China-based ZTE, which sold sensitive U.S. technologies to Iran & North Korea in violation of U.S. sanctions laws.pic.twitter.com/u6bAtYpELi WATCH: Joe is live on the Senate floor honoring Hoosier law enforcement officers who lost their lives in the line of duty. #PoliceWeek   WATCH: In the latest Just Ask Joe video, the Petty family from Granger speaks about how Joe’s office helped them bring their adopted daughter from Ethiopia home after the process was stalled by the Ethiopian government.pic.twitter.com/iOWCV7MtP1 Joe met with Eastern Greene Middle School students from Bloomfield who were visiting the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/GVwPLqY6Ap Today, Joe helped the Senate pass a bipartisan resolution that would protect an open internet and reverse the FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality rules. WATCH his full statement:pic.twitter.com/c0dMdqfCN7 This morning, Joe met with a number of Hoosier groups during constituent coffee including Citizens for Space Exploration and student representatives from the Indiana Black Expo.pic.twitter.com/D0442kuQrJ Honored to be with Hoosier law enforcement officers and the families of fallen officers last night at the Indiana FOP cookout. – Joe #PoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/eNX0Ixq0c0 Today is #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay, a time to honor law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. #PoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/hu0HXMnQHa LIVE: Joe is calling for action to protect tens of thousands of workers & retirees at risk of losing their pensions. In IN, nearly 22,000 Teamsters & 2,700 mineworkers could face significant pension cuts if Congress doesn't act.   Joe is heading to the Senate floor to speak on behalf of tens of thousands of Hoosier workers and retirees who are at risk of losing their pensions.   The @FTA_DOT signed a $75 million grant for the @IndyGoBus Red Line project, which Joe advocated for, bringing the project another step closer to fruition. The federal funding will improve Indy’s public transportation and promote economic growth.pic.twitter.com/k7FpJvNImw SEA OF BLUE: 70 police officers escorted 5-year-old Dakota Pitts to his first day back to school after his dad, Rob, a 16-year veteran of the Terre Haute Police Department, was killed in the line of duty.  pic.twitter.com/NBzhVjPlVW President Trump approved the disaster declaration. If you’ve been affected, register w/ @FEMA & apply online at:  . (1/2): Joe and @SenToddYoung led the Indiana congressional delegation in urging President Trump to approve the request for a Major Disaster Declaration for Indiana following severe storms & flooding. Joe’s bipartisan Law Enforcement and Mental Health and Wellness Act, which was signed into law this year, will help law enforcement agencies establish or enhance mental health care services for their officers. #PoliceWeekpic.twitter.com/PDyrTicNZY Happy Mother's Day to all Hoosier moms. Thank you for all you do. - Joepic.twitter.com/b98RAXFtl2 Joe announced today he will support Gina Haspel’s nomination to be @CIA Director. Read his statement:pic.twitter.com/My50gOc4MU Joe recently met with business leaders in Indy to discuss the importance of this bill, which the President has said he would sign into law. Read what the @Indianacreditunions and @IndianaBankers recently said:  pic.twitter.com/KVLGxy63Nx Joe's bipartisan regulatory relief package, which passed the Senate, is expected to be considered in the House in the coming weeks. It would help main street community banks & credit unions increase lending to families and small businesses. A companion bill to Joe’s bipartisan legislation that would help address the shortage of opioid treatment and recovery professionals passed the House Energy and Commerce Committee, bringing it one step closer to fruition. … During #MilitaryAppreciationMonth, Hoosiers in Miami County are working together to create an installation of ceramic poppy flowers honoring WWI veterans. Read more about the work here:  Joe paid his respects to fallen @THPolice1 Officer Rob Pitts, who was killed in the line of duty, and to his family & fellow officers. Officer Pitts was a 16-year veteran of the @THPolice1 Department and served 6 years w/ the Sullivan Police. His loss is mourned by all Hoosiers. … Today, Joe and many of his Senate colleagues are officially filing a petition to force a vote to reverse the FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality. The Senate will vote in the coming weeks.pic.twitter.com/K7q6Y2Jbdf Joe greeted and thanked Hoosier veterans on the Greater Lafayette Honor Flight for their service to our country. Hoosier Vietnam War and Korean War veterans came from the Lafayette area to Washington, D.C.pic.twitter.com/OiGDBXwvHg Great to meet with @FJHSWethePeople National Champions this morning at the Capitol. Congratulations to these talented Hoosiers. - Joe … Joe met with students from Carmel’s Our Lady of Mount Carmel visiting the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/Y7dBx6IQUb Today, @SBAgov announced disaster assistance is available to Hoosiers in counties covered by the President's Major Disaster  Declaration. To apply visit   or to be considered for all forms of disaster assistance go to  . … Congratulations and best of luck to Col. Stohler on your new role. I look forward to our continued partnership to advocate for the @122FighterWing. – Joe Joe’s staff attended the Assumption of Command ceremony in Fort Wayne this weekend, where Col. Michael Stohler assumed command of the 122nd Fighter Wing of the Indiana Air National Guard.pic.twitter.com/vL7Yuj7HKx Joe’s staff attended @honorflightsi to welcome home Evansville area World War II, Korean War, and Vietnam War Veterans.pic.twitter.com/6J7A3ir0O2 This #TeacherAppreciationWeek, l hope you’ll join me in recognizing our state's teachers for the important work they do every day to educate Hoosier students & ensure they have a strong foundation for success. Teachers, thanks again for your dedication & tireless hard work – Joepic.twitter.com/MasOG6y7Sd (3/3) Joe has expressed serious concerns about proposed expansion of short-term plans and believes we should work together in a bipartisan manner to improve our health care system. (2/3) @KaiserFamFound analysis found that in Indy, a majority of these plans do not offer coverage for prescription drugs, substance abuse treatment, or maternity expenses.  pic.twitter.com/GPdccrvCc4 (1/3) The Administration's proposal to expand short-term, off-market health care plans would mean less coverage of essential health benefits for Hoosiers. The massive 2017 Equifax data breach compromised the personal info of 3.9 million Hoosiers. Joe has pushed for answers, helped the Senate pass new consumer protections he wrote, and continued to hold Equifax accountable.  Congratulations to the graduates of the @IndianaUniv Maurer School of Law. It was an honor to join you on this very special day. You can make a difference every day for Indiana and our nation. -Joepic.twitter.com/knMa4aO4RM Pleased President Trump approved Indiana’s request for a Major Disaster Declaration. This federal assistance will provide important resources as our communities work to recover from the severe storms and flooding earlier this year. -Joe … We’re mourning the loss of Patrolman Rob Pitts, a veteran of the Terre Haute Police Department. I’m thinking of his family, fellow @THPolice1 officers, and the community. -Joe (2/2) Based on his bipartisan legislation, @USDA announced a strategy to prioritize funding to telemedicine and community facilities programs in order to help fight the opioid crisis in rural communities.   (1/2) “Combating the opioid epidemic in rural areas using USDA grants and loans is an idea that was proposed last year by Joe.” -@Pewtrusts  pic.twitter.com/PuoGptW8k3 Joe & @SenToddYoung led the IN congressional delegation in urging Pres. Trump to approve the request for a Major Disaster Declaration for Indiana following severe storms & flooding that impacted the state, which would provide necessary federal assistance.  pic.twitter.com/UaJhWwmuzT Joe welcomed news that, with his support, @FTA_DOT intends to sign full funding agreement for $75 million for the @IndyGoBus Red Line project. He’s supported & advocated for this project for years.  pic.twitter.com/zzs2NTflLq On #InternationalFirefightersDay we thank Hoosier firefighters who put their lives on the line to protect our families and communities.pic.twitter.com/Tn9u4cwSwW (1/2): Joe recently sat down with business leaders in Indy to discuss the importance of this bill for main street lenders, families, and small businesses. Read what the @IndyChamber said:pic.twitter.com/Ulgytfiagm (1/2) Joe broke through the gridlock, with Senate passage of his bipartisan regulatory relief package that is backed by the Administration. The bill would reduce regulatory burdens on the 103 community banks & 154 credit unions in Indiana. Joe has expressed concerns about these short-term plans that would allow insurers to deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions, charge more to people who are sick & provide fewer benefits. We should work together to improve access to quality, affordable health care. Read more about it here:  ICYMI: One of the Administration's recent efforts to sabotage our health care system is its proposal for expanding short-term, off-market plans, which would raise costs for consumers and offer skimpy coverage that is less likely to cover mental health & substance abuse treatment. Joe is committed to continuing efforts in the Senate to ensure Hoosier servicemembers, veterans, and their families can access the benefits and quality care they have earned and deserve. May is #MilitaryAppreciationMonth, a reminder that we should thank the brave men and women who have served, sacrificed, and protected our freedoms not only this month but every day.pic.twitter.com/jygS9sXuuU (2/2): Joe has been working to address this issue.The gov. funding bill enacted in March includes funds to expand the addiction treatment workforce through NHSC, which Joe advocated for as part of his Strengthening the Addiction Treatment Workforce Act.   (1/2): A recent @IndianaUniv study on solutions to fight the opioid epidemic found "a critical lack of treatment programs and facilities in Indiana."  #ICYMI: Joe was recognized as  one of the most bipartisan Senators by @TheLugarCenter. He’s had 40 measures signed into law since 2013 – and 18 since President Trump took office.   Joe led a group of 12 Senators urging @usedgov to assist students harmed by the 2016 closure of ITT Tech.  pic.twitter.com/uavVBUJWFT (4/4): Joe’s bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act – signed into law in January – authorizes grants to initiate peer mentoring pilot programs and helps agencies establish or enhance mental health care services for their officers.   (3/4): Joe’s Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act – which became law in 2014 and requires all servicemembers to receive an annual mental health screening – is now fully implemented.   (2/4): Joe authored and successfully enacted legislation that improves mental health care for servicemembers & law enforcement officers. (1/4) This #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth is a reminder about the importance of ending the stigma attached to mental health issues and recognizing that seeking help is a sign of strength.pic.twitter.com/eAiQX1Vaib Joe opposed the tax law that is projected to raise health care costs for many families and has consistently advocated for efforts to make health care more affordable. The Administration’s former @HHSGov Secretary Tom Price said today that the McConnell-Ryan tax law will raise health care costs for Americans buying insurance in the individual marketplace.  Congratulations to @ISDHoosiers, which just won its fifth National Academic Bowl Championship - continuing to make Hoosiers proud. – Joe  pic.twitter.com/Jw0BKFVCRH Saddened to learn about the loss of firefighter Jeffrey Holt. I’m thinking of his family, the Lawrence Fire Department, and the community as they mourn his loss. -Joe Happy #SmallBusinessWeek. Joe knows that Hoosier small businesses support and help grow communities across our state. That’s why he negotiated, co-wrote and helped pass regulatory relief legislation that would increase small business lending.pic.twitter.com/wDmMND6asl Joe’s staff held a Veterans History Project in Brownsburg. Along with local volunteers, they interviewed area veterans so their stories can be submitted to the @libraryofcongress for future generations.pic.twitter.com/5vFHa5Lxas #ICYMI: Joe greeted and thanked Hoosier veterans traveling on the Northeast Indiana Honor Flight. Last week celebrated 10 years of Northeast Indiana Honor Flights to Washington, D.C.pic.twitter.com/RHQDPE6GI1 On #WorkersMemorialDay, we honor and remember Hoosier workers who were injured or lost their lives on the job due to unsafe working conditions, and recommit ourselves to fight for safe working environments.pic.twitter.com/xGi1gxYnij #ICYMI: Joe and @SenToddYoung introduced bipartisan bills to help combat the opioid epidemic by bringing non-opioid or non-addictive pain medications and treatments to the market more quickly.pic.twitter.com/144DORlPya The McConnell-Ryan tax law is projected to spike the federal budget deficit to $1 trillion by 2020. Speaker Ryan has said he wants to pay for the deficit by making cuts to Medicare and Social Security, putting Hoosiers and retirees at risk.pic.twitter.com/B4CEidE2Zm Joe’s resolution designating April as Financial Literacy Month passed the Senate. Joe is co-chair of the Senate Financial Literacy Caucus.pic.twitter.com/T0ikgvQmPP Tomorrow is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. If you want to safely dispose of unwanted, unused, or expired prescription medications in your home, find your nearest collection site here:  pic.twitter.com/hPJK4oB141 Joe’s legislation to designate the @IndianaDunessp a National Park is awaiting Senate passage. This #NationalParkWeek, we thank the @NatlParkService who ensure our national parks, remain safe and accessible so everyone can enjoy. #FindYourPark  pic.twitter.com/zVPry5vCJ7 Joe’s bipartisan resolutions with @SenToddYoung congratulating @ndwbb for its NCAA Division I title & @IndianaWBB for its WNIT Championship passed the Senate. #GoIrish #GoHoosierspic.twitter.com/zGGnhRyUY5 Joe was recognized by @IAmBiotech as a 2018 ‘Innovator in Biotechnology’ for his advocacy for scientific research & his continued support of the biotechnology industry, which supports approximately 58,000 jobs and 1,700 Hoosier businesses.   pic.twitter.com/dEiPh6HMcY Joe met students from Saint Monica’s Catholic School in Indianapolis while they were visiting the U.S. Capitol.pic.twitter.com/o2xy8Dq3x2 Thanks for stopping by. Great to see this group of Hoosiers. – Joe … The gov. funding bill enacted last month included funds to expand the addiction treatment workforce through NHSC, which Joe advocated for as part of his Strengthening the Addiction Treatment Workforce Act. National Addiction #TreatmentWeek is a reminder about the critical need for more treatment providers to combat substance use disorders.pic.twitter.com/oGzodrjWIq Great to meet with Hoosier WWII, Korean War, and Vietnam War Veterans on the Northeast Indiana Honor Flight. Thank you for your service. –Joepic.twitter.com/lR7m22g2PT Joe had coffee with a number of Hoosiers this morning including members from @AARPIndiana, @TheArcIN, and @ShepardAcademy.pic.twitter.com/cOJahkYtoz Today at the Senate Ag Committee hearing, Joe received a commitment from @SecretarySonny for @USDA to continue its work on opioid addiction prevention and treatment efforts in rural communities.pic.twitter.com/qxU9FUMGpZ Joe met with 8th grade students from St. Thomas Aquinas school in Indianapolis visiting the U.S. Capitol.pic.twitter.com/f34NbYES0K .@TheLugarCenter recognized Joe as the fourth-most bipartisan Senator. Joe’s approach has led to 18 of his measures being signed into law since President Trump took office and 40 since 2013.  pic.twitter.com/s0AW3hrEPj REMINDER: Joe’s staff will host a Veterans History Project in Brownsburg on Saturday, April 28th, from 1 to 3 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in volunteering to interview a veteran are also welcome.pic.twitter.com/xSwU5gwse1 #ICYMI: Joe welcomed news that Indiana is receiving nearly $11 million in federal funding to fight the opioid epidemic. This comes through the second round of funding from the 21st Century Cures Act, which Joe fought for & helped pass.  The government funding bill enacted last month included funds to support the addiction treatment workforce through National Health Service Corps, which Joe advocated for as part of his Strengthening the Addiction Treatment Workforce Act. Joe met w/ @IndianaUniversity researchers about the need to increase treatment providers to combat the epidemic. Joe’s Strengthening the Addiction Treatment Workforce Act would help recruit substance use disorder providers to underserved communities.pic.twitter.com/IhQTnhXLsr Joe introduced two bills with @SenToddYoung to fight the epidemic, aiming to help bring non-opioid or non-addictive pain medications and treatments to the market more quickly.   As the opioid epidemic continues to devastate our families & communities, Joe has made it a priority in the Senate to work to combat this crisis. Here are a few highlights last week related to Joe’s work fighting this epidemic: Today we celebrate 110 years of the @usarmyreserve. Thank you to all active soldiers and veterans for your work to keep our country safe. #USARBirthday110pic.twitter.com/4T5HGQFx43 Joe announced his support for the nomination of Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State. READ Joe’s statement:pic.twitter.com/ASsYpX869k Today, the FCC will begin rolling back #NetNeutrality.   Hoosiers should have an open Internet & access to content of their choice. That’s why I proudly signed a petition, along w/many of my colleagues, to force a vote on a resolution reversing FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality.–Joepic.twitter.com/d9W2B0qjJm Indiana is blessed with an abundance of natural resources and it’s critical we preserve our lands and waters for future generations. – Joe #EarthDay2018pic.twitter.com/CJ1zEfQdwy (2/2) Yesterday, Joe met with the @uschamber, @IndyChamber @IndianaBankers, & IN Credit Union Assoc. to discuss his bill to deliver #Relief4MainStreet.pic.twitter.com/6yG7o5IrR5 (1/2) #ICYMI: Joe’s regulatory relief package would reduce regulatory burdens on community banks and credit unions, and provide new protections to consumers. Joe broke through the gridlock to craft the legislation, which passed the Senate w/ strong bipartisan support.pic.twitter.com/Aj1IGWtdR2 Joe's staff presented a letter to Hoosier veteran, Ralph Reighter, at his 100th birthday celebration at the Fort Wayne VA Hospital.pic.twitter.com/x9SAH1Aqwn Today, Joe led a group of bipartisan senators urging @HHSGov to prioritize implementing Trevor’s Law, which improves inter-government coordination to help investigate and address potential cancer clusters.pic.twitter.com/YBqdCQFani WATCH LIVE: Joe, @uschamber, @IndianaBankers, & IN Credit Union reps are discussing Joe’s Senate-passed bipartisan regulatory relief bill. In crafting & advancing the bill, Joe broke through the gridlock in an effort to deliver #Relief4MainStreet.   April is #NationalSocialSecurityMonth. Joe is committed to protecting Social Security for current and future seniors who have paid into the program for their whole lives can retire with dignity.pic.twitter.com/nBtbCLyGyX (2/2): Joe has introduced a number of bills aimed at combating the epidemic, including his Strengthening the Addiction Treatment Workforce Act, that would help recruit substance use disorder providers to underserved communities.   (1/2) Joe met with representatives from the @indianauniv Addictions Grand Challenges initiative to discuss their research on combatting the opioid epidemic in Indiana, including the need to increase the number of health care providers.pic.twitter.com/8qetB6UKmc The Stop School Violence Act, which Joe supported, would provide grants for increased school safety measures including security & violence prevention trainings, increased coordination w/ law enforcement, equipment, & technology. It was enacted as part of the gov. funding bill. Joe participated in a bipartisan forum yesterday with officials & experts to discuss how we can better protect students from gun violence and improve school safety. Joe’s committed to common sense steps that we can take in order to make our schools safer.pic.twitter.com/dHCDE0H0Fz Joe met with representatives from the @INFarmBureau to discuss the 2018 Farm Bill.pic.twitter.com/mZOFTQVqRL Indiana will receive $10.9 million in federal grant funding to help combat the opioid crisis through the 21st Century Cures Act, which Joe pushed for and helped pass into law to support prevention, treatment, and recovery services.  pic.twitter.com/ERJOTtYSmq Joe met students from @sycamoreschool in Indianapolis while they were visiting the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/YJVzbSy8K7 The legislation would also require @US_FDA to say how it would assess new treatments that reduce the need for #opioids while providing pain management to patients.pic.twitter.com/qdhaRqVdCW Joe & @SenToddYoung introduced bipartisan bills that would safely speed up the @US_FDA approval process to bring non-opioid & non-addictive pain and substance use disorder treatments to market.pic.twitter.com/zKlOa5Qgb3 Joe met with @ToyotaIndiana to discuss job growth and workforce development at its Princeton plant.pic.twitter.com/NjLYIMzizX Joe had coffee with a number of Hoosiers, including @IndianaRLA, the Indiana chapter of @ForgingIndustry, and @IndianaWEA.pic.twitter.com/dMpsLkRh7K WATCH: In the Senate Armed Services Committee, Joe asked Gen. Terrence O'Shaughnessy, nominee to be commander of @Norad_Northcom, how he would prioritize combatting the opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/9JRkUyCXpx Joe greeted and thanked Hoosier World War II, Korean War, and Vietnam War veterans who were in D.C. on the Greater Lafayette Honor Flight.pic.twitter.com/rxum3MjhUQ On #TaxDay, many Hoosier families are facing rising health care costs caused by the McConnell-Ryan tax law, which is projected to spike the federal budget deficit to $1 trillion by 2020, and the threat of cuts to Medicare and Social Security. READ Joe’s statement:pic.twitter.com/FUXQxx1876 As well as other defense industry, academic, and public sector stakeholders collaborating w/ Crane on cutting-edge defense technology development and economic development across southern Indiana.pic.twitter.com/jCdqejqg2p Joe and @SenJackReed also participated in a defense industry discussion w/ @NAVSEACrane, @CraneArmyAmmo, @PurdueWestGate, @RadiusIndiana.pic.twitter.com/gRvtUgPRR8 Joe was proud to show @SenJackReed the work Hoosiers are doing at @NAVSEACrane, to support strategic missions, electronic warfare, and expeditionary warfare efforts, and maintain our technological edge.pic.twitter.com/QUF6aU525O At Joe’s invitation, @SenJackReed, ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, made the trip to Indiana to learn about the cutting-edge work happening at @NAVSEACrane & @CraneArmyAmmo.pic.twitter.com/2VTQnKdJBN Joe has been a champion for Crane and led efforts to strengthen Crane’s role in our national defense. … (2/2) Joe will host Armed Services Committee ranking member @SenJackReed at Crane today. (1/2) Joe has been a champion for Crane & led efforts to strengthen Crane’s role in our national defense. He’s brought top military leaders & policymakers to Crane to show them the cutting-edge research and technology development being done by Hoosiers.pic.twitter.com/nviFd5JqYF ICYMI: Joe helped @gocitybus secure federal grant funding to make safety upgrades for students and Hoosiers @PurdueUniversity.  WATCH: Joe questioned the Secretary of the Army and Chief of Staff of the Army on the implementation of his Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act. The law requires an annual mental health assessment for all servicemembers — Guard, Reserve, and Active Duty.pic.twitter.com/hxncXfVNKN . @USDA announced it will give priority funding to rural communities afflicted by the opioid epidemic. This is based on Joe’s bipartisan rural opioids package and will help provide grant money to local facilities as well as telemedicine and distance learning programs.pic.twitter.com/QFxGdeHjQu Joe’s statement on tonight’s missile strikes following the recent chemical weapons attack in Syria:  pic.twitter.com/zIUk4TrqnK #ICYMI: The non-partisan @USCBO projected that the federal deficit will reach $1 trillion per year by 2020 due to the McConnell-Ryan tax law. Speaker Ryan suggested cuts to #Medicare & #Social Security as a way to pay for the deficit, putting Hoosier seniors & retirees at risk.pic.twitter.com/ZJCmhb4SeS All Brownsburg area veterans are invited to join Joe’s staff on Sat. 4/28 to tell their stories of service as part of @libraryofcongress’ Veterans History Project.pic.twitter.com/zWzEa3Pohz On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, let us remember the 6 million innocent people murdered during the Holocaust. #YomHashoah.  Let us also pay tribute and honor the survivors, like Hoosier @EvaMozesKor who continues to tell her story for future generations. #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/alzlFdLzEI This week, Joe met with Hoosiers from Indiana’s agricultural community – including those representing Indiana Beef Cattle Association, @IndianaPork, @PurdueExtension, and students in @indiana4H.pic.twitter.com/nKNmPKAymV #ICYMI, Joe had multiple bipartisan legislative victories enacted through the omnibus bill.  Read about his efforts to help Hoosier farmers & rural communities here:     Read about his work to address Indiana's opioid epidemic here:  pic.twitter.com/Wg0IxyreiC Joe had constituent coffee with a number of Hoosiers this morning.pic.twitter.com/EL5odfYwRF Joe spoke at the opening of a VA clinic in Shelbyville, which will help bring necessary care to Hoosier veterans. Read more about the opening here:   On #EqualPayDay, let's reaffirm that women deserve equal pay for equal work. When women are paid less, it impacts not only them but also their families’ ability to pay bills, care for their children, and save for retirement. -Joe  pic.twitter.com/W4zE3vqT0O The non-partisan @USCBO released its budget outlook through 2028, projecting massive deficit increases and spike in health insurance premiums from the McConnell-Ryan Tax law.  pic.twitter.com/57cIvokVUf Joe attended the 32nd Annual Beautillion Militaire Scholarship Dinner hosted by @100BlackMenIndy. It's the culmination of a 16-session developmental program for young African American men in the Indianapolis area.pic.twitter.com/8gUknlQYem Joe’s staff attended the retirement ceremony of Brigadier General Jeffrey W. Hauser at the 181st Intelligence Wing in Terre Haute. Gen. Hauser was presented with the Sagamore of the Wabash award for his many contributions to Indiana.pic.twitter.com/Dg9OT89aqf Joe stopped by Hinkle Fieldhouse for the American Basketball Association 50th Anniversary Reunion this weekend.pic.twitter.com/PKmAuzu8uu #ICYMI: @USDA announced it will give priority funding to rural communities affected by the opioid epidemic.This strategy was based on Joe’s bipartisan opioid legislation package & will provide grant money to local facilities as well as telemedicine and distance learning programs.pic.twitter.com/WZks2cwSDA #GoodNews: @IUBloomington & @ButlerU are working on a national study to detect Alzheimer’s disease earlier, allowing for more preemptive measures to be taken to slow down its effects.   WATCH: #ICYMI: Joe, @SenToddYoung, @RepAndréCarson & Rep @SusanWBrooks legislation establishing Kennedy-King Park as a National Commemorative Site was signed into law. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/x05GFLpqYS Joe’s staff will host a Veterans History Project in Brownsburg on Saturday, April 28, from 1-3 PM. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in volunteering to interview a veteran are also welcome.pic.twitter.com/sNNyQYo4xB Stopped at The Toast Café in Anderson for lunch this afternoon. Patty melt gets two thumbs up. –Joepic.twitter.com/U8CBLLFOG7 Joe was in Shelbyville today for the opening of the new Shelbyville VA health clinic, which will help bring local care to veterans.pic.twitter.com/nzwlqokJBn Congratulations to @NDHockey for advancing to the @NCAAIceHockey national championship. – Joe #GoIrish #FrozenFour … Joe welcomed the @USDA announcement that it will be giving priority funding to telemedicine and community facilities programs that will help fight the opioid crisis. The strategy is based on Joe's bipartisan rural opioids legislative package.pic.twitter.com/rmJ9gHRmtD Joe spoke at the Indiana Military Veterans Hall of Fame Memorial opening in Lawrence today. The building recognizes Hoosier veterans from all branches of the Armed Forces who’ve been inducted into the Hall of Fame.pic.twitter.com/yOhksU3gfB Last Thursday, Joe celebrated National Vietnam War Veterans Day by hosting an event in Indiana that finally gave Hoosier Vietnam Veterans the welcome home they deserved. Read more about the event here:  Joe participated in a roundtable discussion on continuing the legacy of Robert F. Kennedy and Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. on a local and national level. #KennedyKing50 #MLK50pic.twitter.com/Zp2C40KoRP . @RepJohnLewis is a hero, and it was an honor to present him w/ the Kennedy King Memorial Initiative’s Trailblazer Award for his lifetime pursuit of civil rights.–Joe #KennedyKing50pic.twitter.com/XawOvnUI6J In the omnibus bill, Joe scored a number of victories for Hoosier farmers, like his bipartisan bill preventing them from being forced to file needless, burdensome reports to EPA. Learn more here:  pic.twitter.com/PMCUj50zvv The recognition is especially timely, as tomorrow marks 50 years since Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination and RFK’s renowned speech in Indianapolis following King’s death. #KennedyKing50pic.twitter.com/HrY8Kzadth The President signed legislation into law led by Joe, @SenToddYoung, @RepAndreCarson & Rep @SusanWBrooks establishing Kennedy-King Park as a National Commemorative Site & including the park as part of the African American Civil Rights Network. I enjoyed a donut and the Hoosier hospitality at Clauss Bakery and Café in Rensselaer. –Joepic.twitter.com/IFQnp23f15 Joe’s pleased to announce that with his support @GoCityBus in Lafayette received a significant federal grant from @USDOT to help them make important safety upgrades.  …pic.twitter.com/dP98stadfF The listening session was part of Joe’s Farm Bill Listening Tour to hear from the Hoosiers about what they want to see in the 2018 #FarmBill.   RFS is an essential tool that reduces demand for oil imports & puts more Hoosier-grown renewable & clean energy in our fuel supply. Joe will continue to fight for a strong RFS by leading bipartisan efforts to make it easier to sell more biofuels year-round  … Joe has also been a strong advocate for crop insurance over the years, recognizing it as a key safety net for farmers, whose hard work is at the mercy of weather events outside of their control. … Joe knows how important trade is to farmers, that’s why he’s been leading bipartisan efforts to support export promotion programs that help farmers navigate the complexities of working with customers across the globe  … This morning, Joe met with members of the @INSoybean and @IN_Corn in Rensselaer to discuss major issues of importance to Hoosier farmers, including trade and export markets, crop insurance, and the renewable fuel standard (RFS).pic.twitter.com/FYdvwYX7Ar WATCH: When many Vietnam veterans returned home from the war, they didn't get the welcome they deserved. So Joe invited them to Plainfield High School on Thursday - National Vietnam Veterans Day, a day made possible by his bipartisan bill - to thank them & welcome them home.pic.twitter.com/PBQwrWh3Bl ICYMI: A recent @AARP study has shown that the Administration's efforts to sabotage the health insurance markets means that in 2019, a 60-year old Hoosier is projected to pay $1,600 more in premiums - a nearly 20% hike. Read more here:  pic.twitter.com/sXYE8nhrki What an amazing comeback and finish to the #ncaaw title game. Congrats to the champions, @ndwbb. -Joe #GoIrish Happy Easter to all celebrating. – Joepic.twitter.com/MngPtKUj61 Happy Passover to all celebrating. -Joe Congrats to @IndianaWBB, the #WNIT champions. What an awesome accomplishment. -Joe #GoIU Joe hosted a special event to honor Vietnam War veterans on Thursday. The event recognized Vietnam War veterans from across Indiana to give them the welcome home that they deserved & should have received when they returned home from serving our country.pic.twitter.com/8EKslf94uG Great effort by all, including Jackie Young from Princeton Community High School. -Joe Congratulations to @ndwbb on an exciting win in OT last night! Good luck in the championship game tomorrow. -Joe #GoIrish #ICYMI: A new analysis by AARP shows the Administration's efforts to sabotage health care markets will lead to higher premiums for older Hoosiers. Premiums for a 60-yo Hoosier are projected to rise by nearly 20% in 2019.   It was an honor to give so many Vietnam vets the welcome home they deserve and should have received. –Joe  …pic.twitter.com/FRvJJLhE4y WATCH LIVE: Joe’s Welcome Home Vietnam Veteran ceremony is happening now:  … Tonight, Joe and members of the community will honor these Hoosier vets.pic.twitter.com/EnGH94gCiR When servicemembers came home from Vietnam, many didn’t get the welcome they deserved. That’s why Joe introduced legislation to recognize March 29th as National Vietnam War Veterans Day to honor Vietnam veterans, which was signed into law. WHAT: Welcome Home Vietnam War Veterans Event   WHERE: Plainfield High School: 1 Red Pride Drive, Plainfield, IN  WHEN: 6 PM: Veterans Resource Fair               7 PM: Ceremony beings Please share: Happy Vietnam War Veterans Day! Joe looks forward to honoring our veterans tonight.pic.twitter.com/AI4Pg3gG7y The McConnell-Ryan tax bill is projected to add $2.2 trillion to the debt, which could lead to higher interest rates for consumers on car loans, mortgages, and more.  SHARE: Tomorrow is Joe’s Welcome Home Celebration for Vietnam Veterans. We look forward to seeing all of you at Plainfield High School for the Resource fair at 6pm and ceremony at 7. Don’t forget to RSVP here:  pic.twitter.com/rdy8kYyJM1 Joe attended a ‘Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans’ ceremony ahead of Thursday’s National Vietnam Veterans Day hosted by Carmel’s @AmericanLegion Post 155.   Joe's bipartisan legislation signed into law in 2017 established a national day to honor Vietnam veterans.pic.twitter.com/Lzt2oUoLeJ A new analysis by @AARP shows the Administration's efforts to sabotage the health care markets will lead to higher premiums for older Hoosiers.Premiums for a 60-year-old Hoosier are projected to rise by nearly 20% in 2019 – an increase of more than $1,600.  pic.twitter.com/KQazZutpcK REMINDER: Joe is holding a 'Welcome Home' event for Hoosier Vietnam veterans THIS THURSDAY, March 29th, at Plainfield High School. Read more information below and RSVP here:  pic.twitter.com/yTO68XE1xz Today, Joe & @RepTrey urged the White House to utilize @ONDCP to track federally funded initiatives aimed at fighting the opioid epidemic. This would help the federal government focus funding on programs that demonstrate success in fighting the scourge.  pic.twitter.com/yszaJk7mZS Congrats @NDWBB for advancing to the #WFinalFour. – Joe #GoIrish It also includes:  Nearly $4B in funds to combat the #opioid epidemic.  Funding for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program to help combat drug trafficking.  Funding for telemedicine & distance learning to address the #opioid epidemic. #ICYMI: Several measures Joe has introduced or supported to fight the #opioid epidemic were signed into law as part of the bipartisan budget bill – including his legislation to bolster the addiction treatment workforce. … It also includes:  A provision to prevent farmers from needing to spend their time & money on reports that will go unused by EPA.  Funding to address the rural opioid epidemic.  Funding to expand access to rural broadband as well as drinking/waste water systems. #ICYMI: Several of Joe’s provisions supporting the Hoosier ag community were signed into law in the bipartisan budget bill – including a fix to the “grain glitch” in the McConnell-Ryan tax bill.   … Walter Shannon honorably served in Vietnam, but when he arrived home, he felt less than welcome. He’s glad 3/29 will forevermore be recognized as National Vietnam War Veterans Day. Watch his story here:pic.twitter.com/HaVbARU1tM #ICYMI: During a Senate Banking hearing last week Joe got a commitment from @HUDgov Secretary Ben Carson that HUD will continue to be a partner in East Chicago’s cleanup and lead remediation efforts.pic.twitter.com/y6jSCdOFTb .@NDWBB is #Elite8 bound! Congrats. –Joe  #GoIrish Joe’s staff got an update yesterday from Marathon at its incident command center on cleanup efforts following the recent pipeline spill in Posey County. On 3/29 Joe is honoring Hoosier Vietnam veterans like Andy Zegler who was severely injured while serving in Vietnam. Andy had to re-learn to speak, eat, and walk. Listen his story here:pic.twitter.com/eqbai1PqPH #ICYMI: Joe and @SenToddYoung praised the passage of bipartisan legislation—headed to the president’s desk—that will recognize Kennedy-King Park in Indy as a National Commemorative Site.pic.twitter.com/QPdkCQF0yP Big corporations are using most of their tax breaks from the McConnell-Ryan tax bill to reward wealthy & foreign shareholders.  And the tax law adds $2.2 trillion of debt — which Speaker Ryan said he plans to pay for by cutting #Medicare & #SocialSecurity.  Congrats @BoilerBall on a great season. –Joe #BoilerUp Joe’s wife Jill, sponsor of the USS Indianapolis, today attended the USS Indianapolis Crest Unveiling ceremony. The design was submitted by Scott Arvin who lives in Indy and will be displayed on the ship.pic.twitter.com/JMssodGNX1 WATCH: At yesterday’s Banking Hearing, Joe received a commitment from @HUDgov Secretary Ben Carson that HUD will continue to be a partner in East Chicago’s cleanup & lead remediation efforts.pic.twitter.com/zcn4YRbaoY READ: Joe released the following statement on the President replacing his National Security Advisor.pic.twitter.com/B4vB6ax9vI The bill now heads to the President’s desk to be signed into law. WATCH:Joe & @SenToddYoung talk about the passage of the bipartisan bill establishing Kennedy-King Park in Indianapolis as a National Commemorative Site. The bill recognizes the importance of Robert F. Kennedy’s speech in Indy following Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s assassination.pic.twitter.com/agWXWIPC6q Joe has fought for communities devastated by the opioid crisis & is proud this bipartisan budget bill includes $4 billion dollars to combat the opioid epidemic, some of which will go to Indiana. Among those measures is a provision based on his bipartisan ‘Strengthening the Addiction Treatment Workforce Act’ to address the shortage of substance use disorder treatment providers by providing funding for a student loan forgiveness program. After pushing for more resources to combat the opioid epidemic, Joe was successful in securing several provisions in the bipartisan budget bill that would benefit Indiana. With the inclusion of Joe’s bill, farmers would be able to avoid spending their time and money on reports that will go unused by EPA. Second, Joe secured his and Senator Fischer’s bipartisan FARM Act, which will prevent farmers from being required to file needless, burdensome reports to EPA. First, is a fix to the “grain glitch” in the McConnell-Ryan tax bill, which was putting family businesses at risk of going out of business. The fix will restore a level playing field for grain buyers. Joe secured several provisions important to Indiana's ag community in the bipartisan budget bill. When servicemembers came home from serving our country in Vietnam, many didn't get the welcome they deserved.  Next Thursday 3/29, join Joe at Plainfield High School and finally get that welcome home you deserved.pic.twitter.com/RLpjcK2x7k A companion to Joe’s ‘Right to Try’  bill passed the House last night. The bill, which the President mentioned in his State of the Union, would allow terminally ill patients who have exhausted all approved treatment options to access certain investigational drugs for treatment.pic.twitter.com/l5ew4HoVtX At coffee with constituents today, Joe met with Hoosiers from @IndianaLFA and @FlyEVV, STEM Students from @LifeAtPurdue, and representatives from @AIAA.pic.twitter.com/eAMOiPsSPh Walter Bryant, Jr. served this country honorably in Vietnam. He exemplified the best of Hoosier values, and we’re lucky to have heard his story before his tragic passing. Watch him tell his story:pic.twitter.com/bbi0dkWC1G Joe’s bill passed the Senate & companion legislation is scheduled for a House vote tomorrow. Watch an update:pic.twitter.com/7zEKt8gkgr President Trump has highlighted the importance of passing Joe’s bipartisan ‘Right to Try’ legislation which would allow terminally ill patients who have exhausted all approved treatment options to access certain investigational drugs for treatment. Today, Joe met with members of @IASWCD to discuss conservation and the upcoming Farm Bill and other agriculture-related issues.pic.twitter.com/2aSl52Q3PZ Happy National #AgDay! Hoosier farmers help feed families across Indiana, our country, and the world. Joe has held 11 listening sessions across Indiana to hear from our ag communities about what they want to see in the 2018 #FarmBillpic.twitter.com/patAItiJs7 The bill would also make it easier for Hoosier families to get a mortgage and for small businesses to expand.   ICYMI: Watch Joe & his colleagues discuss their bipartisan ‘Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, & Consumer Protection Act’ – which passed the Senate w/ strong bipartisan support. The bill would reduce regulatory burden on community banks & credit unions. #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/cxS9a9oysw Joe helped pass & enact the 21st Century Cures Act, and secured nearly $11 million in federal grant funding for Indiana for prevention, treatment & recovery services. Here’s an example of how that funding is being used:  …pic.twitter.com/Mg5Ww2iFm1 Congrats to @ndwbb on advancing to the #Sweet16. –Joe #MarchMadness #GoIrish #GoodNews: Carmel has been named the best place in the country to launch a career.  Great game between @BoilerBall and @ButlerMBB. Congrats to Purdue on advancing to the #sweet16. -Joe #MarchMadness This #WomensHistoryMonth, we honor all Hoosier women and their contributions to our state and country, including our veterans. Meet Maggie Bailey, a Hoosier veteran who volunteered to serve as a nurse in Vietnam.pic.twitter.com/XEVKhT4aGM What does the McConnell-Ryan tax bill do? It allows big corporations to reward very wealthy and foreign investors with stock buybacks instead of investing in workers.  pic.twitter.com/6CdkEVh7kX We’re all a little Irish today. Have a happy and safe #StPatricksDay, Hoosiers! – Joepic.twitter.com/iYhGj50Jf0 Joe’s bipartisan regulatory relief bill passed the Senate this week. It would provide #Relief4MainStreet and help Hoosier families trying buy their first home or start a small business.pic.twitter.com/5YoC3LzHby #ICYMI: Joe was in Montgomery County where he met with local conservationists, sportsmen, and folks from @DucksUnlimited to talk about conservation and technical assistance programs in the Farm Bill.  … Good luck to @NDWBB, @Boilerball, and @ButlerMBB as they compete in #MarchMadness. – Joe #GoIrish #BoilerUp #GoDawgs Joe was proud to work with Chairman @MikeCrapo, @SenatorTester, @SenatorHeitkamp, and Senator @MarkWarner on this commonsense effort to deliver #Relief4MainStreet.pic.twitter.com/Bp2gtzaXQY Joe’s bipartisan bill to provide relief to main street community banks & credit unions passed the Senate & is an example of what can be achieved by working together. The bill would help smaller institutions focus more on lending to families & small businesses. #Relief4MainStreet The McConnell-Ryan tax law is overwhelmingly rewarding corporations over hardworking middle-class families.  pic.twitter.com/fWh8T2ex4v Thank you @MichiganCityHS students for letting me join you in class this morning. –Joe … Too many servicemembers didn’t receive the welcome they deserved when they came home after serving in Vietnam. In two weeks, join Joe at Plainfield High School for a welcome home event.  Get more information and RSVP at:  pic.twitter.com/oeUqQ4sZXK Joe’s bipartisan 'Economic Growth Regulatory Relief & Consumer Protection Act' passed the Senate. The bill would reduce regulatory burdens on community banks & credit unions, making it easier for Hoosier families to get lending they need. #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/keNFieDnG2 Earlier this year, Joe's bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act was signed into law.   Recently, Joe met with local law enforcement to discuss the law. Watch how these Hoosier law enforcement officers are already seeing its benefits:pic.twitter.com/JJJoFtFtq8 At his coffee with constituents today, Joe met with Hoosiers representing @leagueofcities, @indianaPTA, @INPhilanthrophy, @NotreDame students studying healthcare policy, and other groups.pic.twitter.com/fqvpmW2M8A WATCH: Former Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel joined Joe to invite Hoosiers to attend Joe's 'Welcome Home' event honoring Hoosier Vietnam War veterans at Plainfield High School on March 29th.pic.twitter.com/kFnBrvVdwy Read Joe's thoughts on why a strategy is especially important as the Administration prepares for talks with North Korea:  Joe again highlighted the importance of a clear vision & strategy for North Korea. Joe’s provision on a comprehensive strategy on North Korea was signed into law in Dec. as part of the national defense bill, requiring the Administration to submit one to Congress within 90 days.pic.twitter.com/i5aPL5P3Da Another study shows that the Administration's efforts to undermine and destabilize health insurance markets could cause premiums to increase by more than 50% for Hoosiers.  pic.twitter.com/nWRuAHbVEP Thanks to @AMVETSHQ for stopping by the D.C. office last week to present a handmade quilt to Joe’s defense fellow who is a Hoosier @USArmy veteran working in Joe’s office as part of the Frank Anderson Military Legislative Program.pic.twitter.com/9nlXC6WvMj The visit was the 11th stop on Joe’s Farm Bill Listening Tour, hearing from Indiana’s ag community about what they want to see in the 2018 Farm Bill, which includes conservation & technical assistance programs.pic.twitter.com/17jcjUWkA5 Joe was at Schenck’s farm in Montgomery County today meeting with local conservationists and sportsmen, including those representing @DucksUnlimited.pic.twitter.com/97aPPzgiQI In IN manufactured housing provides affordable housing & employment to thousands. Joe’s 'Economic Growth Regulatory Relief & Consumer Protection Act' includes a provision to ensure consumers can receive general financing info from manufactured housing retailers #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/x4aS48N3MH Attention Hoosier Vietnam veterans: Joe will be hosting a ‘Welcome Home’ event at Plainfield High School on March 29th – National Vietnam War Veterans Day. RSVP for the event here:  pic.twitter.com/fZERHUbCj4 Joe’s #Relief4MainStreet would provide new consumer protections:  Free credit monitoring for active-duty servicemembers   Protects veterans from penalties for late VA medical bill payments.  In response to #Equifaxbreach, provides free credit freezes/unfreezespic.twitter.com/1fNNDgbbzU Watch what Indiana FOP and Police Chiefs from @LafayetteINPD, @southbendpolice, @NewAlbanyIN PD, and Hammond PD had to say about Joe’s Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act, which became law earlier this year.  pic.twitter.com/UA9ZTlSfBj Main street community banks & credit unions have been unintentionally burdened by regulations meant to hold Wall Street accountable, impacting their ability to lend.   Joe’s bill could help Hoosier families buy their first home or start a small business. #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/tFAwfaSs2T The McConnell-Ryan tax bill has led to a windfall for Wall Street. According to an expert tracking market & economic data, “the buyback boom is one sign that the tax cut is likely to do far more for business owners & investors than the typical household.”  25 Banking Committee hearings. A 7.5 hour markup. 36 amendment votes in committee.  Joe’s bipartisan 'Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act' is an example of what Democrats and Republicans can achieve by working together. #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/CLQ8DOp565 This builds on the work Joe and @lisamurkowski have done previously to address treatment provider shortages. … Joe, @lisamurkowski & @SenatorHassan have introduced bipartisan legislation to help fight the opioid abuse epidemic. It would help address the shortage of substance abuse disorder treatment providers.  pic.twitter.com/G7lUXQUUrb Joe discussed @usairforce priorities, as well as the upcoming yearly defense budget, with Air Force Chief of Staff @GenDaveGoldfein today.pic.twitter.com/ux4Fu22zLu Joe met with @INGuardsman MG Carr to discuss military readiness, Guard facilities in Indiana, and international engagement of #INGuard.pic.twitter.com/aYbAqIl6gb On this #InternationalWomensDay, we celebrate and honor the important contributions of Hoosier women to our state and nation, both past and present.pic.twitter.com/c1io8UelA2 WATCH: In the latest 'Just Ask Joe,' Ralph Ward of Lafayette explains how Joe's office helped him get a refund after VA mistakenly overcharged his WWII veteran father for necessary in-home care he receives. Read more about Ralph’s story here:  …pic.twitter.com/K8msBbhk2L Last night, Joe's staff attended the HSE graduation ceremony-a joint program by @FtWayneCommSkls Anthony Career Center and the Literacy Alliance.pic.twitter.com/YHUfWKPJKJ This CDC study reinforces the fact that we need to do more to help stem the tide of the #opioid epidemic. That's why Joe continues advocating for more resources for prevention, treatment, and recovery programs. … A recent CDC study found that emergency room visits for suspected #opioid related overdoses increased by 35% in Indiana between Jul. 2016 and Sept. 2017. … Joe’s staff attended a groundbreaking on the Dimension Mill renovation project in Bloomington.pic.twitter.com/0ORvZEX9JJ Today, Joe sat down with Hoosier firefighters from @IAFF416 to talk about funding for fire and emergency response grants and thank them for their work to keep our families safe.pic.twitter.com/0VwCdemYcB Joe, @SenToddYoung, @RepLarryBucshon, & @RepShumkus announced that @USDOT is awarding a $10 million TIGER grant to rebuild Maunie Railroad Bridge approaches in Posey County. Joe has supported this project for several years.  pic.twitter.com/dLPm8o3sUZ #GoodNews: @INDairport was named the best airport in North America for the 6th year in a row.  Joe's speaking about bipartisan legislation he negotiated & co-wrote that is being debated this week. It would help main street community banks & credit unions lend to families & small businesses, while strengthening consumer protections.#Relief4MainStreet   In 1933, Virginia Jenckes was elected to Congress and became the first Hoosier woman to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives. Read more about her three terms in Congress here:   #WomensHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/7k9AjC450l The Administration's continued sabotage of our health care system is predicted to cause a nearly 20% increase in premiums next year for Hoosiers accessing insurance through the individual marketplace.  pic.twitter.com/YuhSbu2ldq Joe opposed the McConnell-Ryan tax bill bc it could result in an IN firefighter paying a higher tax rate than a Wall Street hedge fund manager, is projected to add more than $2T to the debt & Speaker Ryan said the way to tackle the debt is by cutting Medicare & Social Security.pic.twitter.com/T2PindeSnp During #WomensHistoryMonth we honor Hoosier women including Kokomo native and civil rights activist Katherine ‘Flossie’ Bailey, who spent her life fighting for racial equality. Read more about her here:  .pic.twitter.com/X5ejddDcTk Moores Hill resident Marty came home from Vietnam in the middle of the night by himself. He didn’t speak about the war for over a decade. It’s time for him & all Hoosier Vietnam vets to get the welcome home they deserve.  Join Joe at Plainfield HS on 3/29.  pic.twitter.com/8W2j1vCZAH Heartbreaking to hear the sad news about @boonecosheriff Deputy Jacob Pickett today. He gave his life protecting us. I’m thinking of his family, friends, fellow deputies, and the entire Boone County community. - Joe Learn more about provisions that Joe led and supported in the regulatory relief package, set to head to the full Senate for debate next week, here: #Relief4MainStreet  … Joe was instrumental in crafting a bipartisan regulatory relief package, which would help increase lending to small businesses and families, while ensuring important new consumer protections for Hoosiers, veterans & servicemembers. #Relief4MainStreetpic.twitter.com/HR7fVh2vD0 As a result of the McConnell-Ryan tax bill, big corporations are prioritizing boosting their own stock prices over creating good-paying jobs for Americans.  …pic.twitter.com/58r0WDSXHO REMINDER: The deadline to apply for a summer internship in Joe’s Washington D.C. & Indianapolis offices is TOMORROW, March 2nd. Apply at:  pic.twitter.com/8VUA4jqJSV WATCH: Joe has been a champion for Crane & led efforts to strengthen Crane’s role in our national defense. He’s brought federal investments & top military leaders to Crane to see first-hand how Hoosiers provide our warfighters with the cutting-edge tools they need to succeed.pic.twitter.com/ejwuTjZLM2 Joe spoke w/ the IN Credit Union leaders about his legislation to provide targeted regulatory relief to community financial institutions & boost lending to Hoosier families & small businesses – and other efforts to help Indiana prosper through his work on the Banking Committee.pic.twitter.com/qbp8CKS7M8 Joe met with @IvyTechCC President @SueEllspermann and other Hoosiers to discuss higher education legislation. He reiterated his support for Pell Grants and lowered interest rates for student loans.pic.twitter.com/4xgOEDPNj1 Joe sat down with Indiana medical device manufacturers to discuss his commitment to repealing the harmful medical device tax. The tax is currently suspended for two years, allowing these Hoosier companies to invest in workers & develop life-saving devices.  pic.twitter.com/NYgcscvfiL The Madame Walker Theatre Center in Indianapolis honors the entrepreneurial legacy of Madame C.J. Walker through its programs on cultural education & social justice. Walker was the first American woman to become a self-made millionaire. #BlackHistoryMonth  pic.twitter.com/YzZCF0hr3N A new study from the independent @UrbanInstitute shows the Administration's sabotage of our nation’s health care system is projected to cause premium increases for Hoosiers.  pic.twitter.com/1ykiokCYEE Saddened by the loss of Indianapolis @USArmy and @INNationalGuard soldier, Sgt. Joseph Nordstrom, who served in Afghanistan. I am praying for his family, friends, and fellow servicemembers. – Joe Joe met with members of @FeedINsHungry and @IndyHunger to discuss the importance of a strong Nutrition Title in the 2018 Farm Bill.pic.twitter.com/0fWF4K38Wm Joe believes in an open Internet and supports a resolution that would reverse the FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality rules.pic.twitter.com/2FvrdOFGTG Are you interested in interning in Joe’s office? The deadline to apply for a summer internship in Joe’s Washington D.C. & Indianapolis offices is this Friday, March 2nd. Applications for the South Bend office will be accepted on a rolling basis. Apply at:  pic.twitter.com/wVHkuNJ3b8 Joe met with Hoosiers representing @DAVHQ to discuss legislation supporting our veterans, including designating March 29th as National Vietnam War Veterans Day.pic.twitter.com/DBCsqf1gnd READ: Joe’s statement on the attack on Syrian civilians in Eastern Ghouta:pic.twitter.com/IhWVYcaOvS #GoodNews: Despite the recent flooding in northern Indiana, Hoosiers are helping Hoosiers - like these volunteers in Valparaiso working to ensure a food pantry can continue to serve the community.  PHOTOS: This past week, Joe met with local leaders and law enforcement officials across Indiana to discuss his bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act, which was signed into law and will help officers cope with the stresses of their jobs.pic.twitter.com/7B1QcKAn0E ICYMI: Joe and @SenToddYoung have sent multiple letters to @Amazon urging them to consider Indiana for the company’s #HQ2. Recently, the company announced that Indianapolis was a finalist for its new headquarters, which could employ 50,000 people.  ICYMI: Joe joined South Bend Mayor @PeteButtigieg, @SouthBendPolice Chief Ruszkowski, @MishawakaPolice,  St. Joe County Sheriff Grzegorek, and the Indiana chapter of @GLFOP to discuss his bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act. … Joe visited Plymouth and surveyed the flood damage in River Park Square with Plymouth Mayor Mark Senter and EMA Director Clyde Avery. All Hoosiers impacted by the flooding should file damage reports at:  …pic.twitter.com/GHziIHoRLV Yesterday, Joe was in Hammond to discuss his bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act with Hammond Police Chief John Doughty and @BillFOP86 of the @GLFOP. … Joe met with @goshen_City Mayor Stutsman & @CityOfElkhartIN Mayor Neese to discuss the flooding damage in their communities. Affected residents should file damage reports at  pic.twitter.com/KnahEvVake Joe toured flood-affected parts of South Bend with @PeteButtigieg, @SJCEMA Dir. Antonucci, and @IUSouthBend Chancellor Allison. Affected residents should file damage reports at  pic.twitter.com/guelT4ik2W WATCH LIVE: Joe is in South Bend with Mayor @PeteButtigieg, @SouthBendPolice Chief Ruszkowski, @MishawakaPolice, & St. Joe County Sheriff Grzegorek to talk about his bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act.  … WATCH LIVE: Joe is in Hammond with Hammond Police Department Chief of Police John Doughty and the President of Indiana’s @GLFOP, @BillFOP86, discussing his legislation to support mental health and wellness programs for law enforcement officers.  … Frank Bellamy, a Vietnam War veteran, is one of thousands of African-American Hoosier veterans. This #BlackHistoryMonth, we thank them and celebrate their service.pic.twitter.com/LR6eiMgvC4 ICYMI: Joe was joined by @LafayetteINPD, @WestLafayettePD, and the Indiana @GLFOP in Lafayette to discuss his bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act, which is helping police officers cope with stress and trauma.  Get more information on the proposed new rule here:   Joe believes we should be working to improve access to affordable health care. The Administration's new proposal would continue to undermine health insurance markets & raise health care costs for Hoosiers, while failing to offer protections for those with pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/U5WvXaV2wt Earlier this week, Joe was joined by New Albany elected officials and law enforcement officers to discuss his Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act, which helps local departments establish or enhance mental health services for officers.pic.twitter.com/3eoWWuIRqg To all Hoosiers impacted by the heavy flooding, please stay safe. Do not walk or drive through flooded areas. For those looking for more information from a federal agency, please visit:  . #ICYMI: Joe held a #DonnellyDay @KountryKitchen in Indy, where he worked alongside employees. Joe helped the @IndyChamber get an SBA designation to expand its lending efforts.pic.twitter.com/2XymzZH62o During #NationalFFAWeek, we celebrate how @NationalFFA & @IndianaFFA help young Hoosiers develop leadership skills and prepare them to be the next generation of farmers, engineers, chemists, and entrepreneurs.pic.twitter.com/SzqBMrmX3X We mourn the passing of Reverend Billy Graham and celebrate his life of faith that inspired millions. -Joe Joe voted against the McConnell-Ryan tax bill because it overwhelming benefits the very wealthiest & Wall Street instead of the middle class. This new analysis shows it: Wall Street shareholders, rather than workers, are the biggest winners with this bill.  WATCH LIVE: As Joe, Mayor Roswarski, @MayorJohnDennis, Indiana FOP VP Toby Deaton & Lafayette Chief of Police Patrick Flannelly discuss how Joe’s bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health & Wellness Act will benefit law enforcement agencies & their officers.  Joe toured @indylibrary's Center for Black Literature & Culture, which is dedicated to celebrating the heritage and triumphs of those born of African roots.pic.twitter.com/LFNLgvR7bf A new law championed by @SenDonnelly to enhance mental health services for officers: The law would allow for grants to initiate annual mental health checks and study the effectiveness of crisis hotlines. >>   (via @JobinaFortson)pic.twitter.com/T3wok3EWsY .@KountryKitchen benefited from the @IndyChamber’s Business Ownership Initiative loan program, enabling it to purchase equipment and make cosmetic improvements. Joe helped the Chamber gain official Microloan designation through @SBAGov—providing access to federal funds.pic.twitter.com/f5BtneTdwr For his latest #DonnellyDay, Joe worked alongside employees at @KountryKitchen in Indy, where he helped seat guests, take & prepare orders.pic.twitter.com/MmZeWl5Mwm – bei Kountry Kitchen Joe was joined by New Albany Mayor Jeff Gahan, New Albany Police Chief Todd Bailey, and Indiana FOP VP Toby Deaton to discuss his bipartisan Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act, which was recently signed into law.pic.twitter.com/JIgwGl1J1F Joe introduced legislation to designate the Kennedy-King park in Indy as a National Historical Site. The park was where Robert Kennedy shared the news of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination and called for a nonviolent response.   #BlackHistoryMonth WATCH: at an Armed Services Committee hearing, Joe questioned @NoradNorthcom Commander Gen. Lori Robinson & @southcomwatch Commander Adm. Kurt Tidd on strategies to combat drug trafficking.pic.twitter.com/o0WzUYM0Pt Congratulations to Hoosier native @NickGoepper on winning #silver in #freestyleskiing slopestyle at the @pyeongchang2018 #WinterOlympics! - Joe … READ: Joe and @SenToddYoung touted Indy’s tech community, top talent, & Hoosier hospitality in a letter to Amazon, urging the company to locate its HQ2 in Indy.  pic.twitter.com/E5BhuD3kU1 Indiana skiier Nick Goepper – making Hoosiers proud in @PyeongChang2018 – is competing in the Men’s Ski Slopestyle tomorrow. Good luck, Nick!  I'm pleased @CommerceGov has made recommendations to the President, and I will continue to follow this closely. –Joe … I previously urged the Administration to stand up for American steelworkers by fighting for a level playing field, cracking down on bad actors, and stopping unfairly traded steel from flooding our markets. -Joe Joe introduced bipartisan legislation to update and modernize the charter for the Indianapolis-based @NationalFFA, which would boost agriculture education. National FFA Week is next week, February 17-24!  pic.twitter.com/gOE7auM1WE This morning, Joe spoke at the @crossroadschamb about his work to promote economic growth in NWI, including the South Shore Line & Gary Airport. He also discussed his bipartisan work to combat the opioid epidemic and to reduce regulatory burdens on community banks.pic.twitter.com/EWRfLwxqOK Joe’s staff attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony of the new community health center for students, faculty, staff, and the West Terre Haute community at @smwc.pic.twitter.com/xYjUHA7WKf When American servicemembers came home from Vietnam, many of them didn't get the welcome they deserved.  Join Joe at Plainfield High School on 3/29 – National Vietnam War Veterans Day – for his Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Event.  pic.twitter.com/AlAB79DdKF Pines Village Retirement Communities and @SenDonnelly's office partnered up to bring veterans in and record their their stories for the The @librarycongress Veterans History Project!    …pic.twitter.com/T8rh3kfzmE This #BlackHistoryMonth, we celebrate African-American Hoosier veterans who've served our country. In 2015, Joe interviewed Col. James Leonard for the @librarycongress Veterans History Project. Col. Leonard served in the @USArmy for 20 years.pic.twitter.com/HLtokf3BVD REMINDER: Are you a Hoosier student interested in attending a Service Academy? The last two Academy Nights are tonight in Valparaiso and Fort Wayne. For more information, visit  .pic.twitter.com/UmFPsbYlqk Thanks to @ShopFloorNAM for visiting Indy on its #MFGTour2018 & showcasing the great manufacturing work being done in the Hoosier state. … Bipartisan legislation that Joe helped introduce and pass to protect amateur athletes from sexual abuse is now law. The bill requires amateur athletics governing bodies to immediately report sex-abuse allegations.pic.twitter.com/F0qWmJd8Uo I am horrified by the tragedy in Parkland, Florida. We stand united with the students, parents, faculty, and staff of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Thank you to all of the first responders. – Joe One reason Joe voted against the McConnell-Ryan tax bill was that it overwhelmingly benefits big corporations and the very wealthiest Americans. A new analysis found just 13% of the benefits will go back to workers.  REMINDER: Are you a Hoosier student interested in attending a Service Academy? Two Academy Nights are coming up today, Wednesday 2/14, in South Bend and Evansville. For more cities/dates and information, visit  .pic.twitter.com/7Y8iiaoblN Thank you for your service and for meeting with me today. – Joe … Joe met with Admiral Kurt Tidd, Commander of @southcomwatch, to discuss SOUTHCOM's counter-drug mission.pic.twitter.com/iYSh9IKmmF REMINDER: Joe's staff will be holding a Veterans History Project in Valparaiso this Thursday, February 15. All area veterans are encouraged to attend. Learn more here:  pic.twitter.com/R06HgJFpif One year after Abby and Libby's lives were tragically cut short, we remember them and continue to pray for their families, friends, and the Delphi community. – Joe  …pic.twitter.com/rzDNJ8K5v3 Joe and a group of Senators asked @CFPB for details on why they stopped investigating the #Equifax data breach that impacted nearly 145 million Americans.pic.twitter.com/uvJQv0ac6D WATCH: Becky Savage, a Granger mom who lost her 18- and 19-year-old sons to opioid overdoses on the same night, testified on Capitol Hill and joined Joe to raise awareness about what can be done to end this devastating epidemic.pic.twitter.com/twmWf5bh5v REMINDER: Are you a Hoosier student interested in attending a Service Academy? The first two Academy Nights are coming up this Tuesday, 2/13, in Jeffersonville and Indianapolis. For more cities/dates and information, visit  .pic.twitter.com/iue5mG5Db8 ICYMI: After Joe and @SenDeanHeller pressed #Equifax on their plans to protect servicemembers after the massive data breach, the company launched a website with guidance specifically for impacted servicemembers.  pic.twitter.com/Wf7qy06fwn ICYMI: Joe welcomed the Administration's move to implement a two-year delay to applying the #WOTUS rule. He's long pushed for rewriting the rule using commonsense input from Hoosiers who live and work on the land along these waters every day.  pic.twitter.com/LAAkV1nEUm This #BlackHistoryMonth, we celebrate African-American Hoosier veterans who've served our country. In 2015, Joe interviewed Master Sgt. Matthew Packet from Indy for the @librarycongress Veterans History Project. Master Sgt. Packett was born in Gary and is an Iraq War veteran.pic.twitter.com/y3Iys2gcgL Thank you to the Kiwanis Club of Indianapolis for helping students continue their education and congrats to the students. - Joepic.twitter.com/idPaP0svGh This is Joe’s latest call for accountability from USA Gymnastics. He helped pass legislation that requires amateur athletic orgs to report allegations of abuse, which is awaiting the president’s signature:   This committee will: have subpoena power be at least half comprised of women Senators examine the extent to which USOC & USAG were complicit in criminal or negligent activity & identify/recommend actions USOC & athletic orgs should take to protect athletes in the future. Joe is supporting a bipartisan Senate effort to establish to a Special Senate Committee to investigate the failures of the U.S. Olympic Committee and USA Gymnastics, which resulted in hundreds of young American athletes being sexually abused. Joe helped the Senate pass a bipartisan budget deal. Read his statement here:  …pic.twitter.com/jQWVQ7dNVv In 2015, Becky’s 18-year-old son Jack and 19-year-old son Nick both died from opioid overdoses on the same night. On average, 115 Americans die of opioids every single day. Joe's fighting in the Senate to combat this epidemic:   Proud to have Becky Savage from Granger in Washington to share her family’s story and advocate for a more robust response to the opioid epidemic. Her work inspires me and is saving lives. We know it’s going to take all of us working together to end the opioid epidemic. – Joepic.twitter.com/1xcONHvLBi Joe and @SenatorBurr have introduced bipartisan legislation to fix the funding formula for highway programs and ensure that states get their fair share of federal highway funds.  pic.twitter.com/wofaXM238F On March 29th - National Vietnam War Veterans Day - Joe will be hosting a 'Welcome Home' event for all Hoosier Vietnam veterans at Plainfield High School. Get more information here:  pic.twitter.com/f2WMzgcxUx Best of luck to all the athletes competing for #TeamUSA in @PyeongChang2018 @Olympics - and good luck to Indiana freestyle skier Nick Goepper, making the Hoosier state proud!   Read more about Nick here:  pic.twitter.com/REGpGj5qUv Joe’s office helped get Indy resident Christine McHugh’s Medicare benefits reinstated after miscommunication between several federal agencies. #JustAskJoepic.twitter.com/VapXh7KvlS Joe hosted coffee with constituents this morning, meeting with members from the Alliance of Indiana Rural Water, @ACMAcomposites, as well as constituents advocating for rural health programs.pic.twitter.com/tomONSaEVa Joe’s staff is hosting a Veterans History Project in Valparaiso on Thursday, 2/15, 10 AM to 12 PM CST. All area veterans are encouraged to come and share their stories of service. Hoosiers interested in volunteering to interview a veteran are also welcome.  pic.twitter.com/hASPiqO2Au Joe met with leaders from Hoosier universities to discuss higher education in Indiana. Joe thanked retiring @UEvansville President Dr. @TomKazee1 with a flag flown over the @usCapitol.pic.twitter.com/0QIptU5iC8 Joe spoke at the Catholic Social Ministry Gathering - an annual event put on by @USCCB.pic.twitter.com/suPDSJysHR Thousands of Hoosiers rely on community health centers for care. We need to make sure they can continue to access that care. – Joe … WATCH: At a recent Senate Banking hearing, Joe pressed @USTreasury Secretary Mnuchin about the importance of working towards a solution to help thousands of Hoosier retirees, including minerworkers and Teamsters, receive the pension benefits they’ve earned.pic.twitter.com/rGHayvHAuw Joe has long supported community health centers. He and a group of bipartisan Senators called on leadership to reauthorize funding for community health centers, which would help support health centers, including 19 federally qualified centers in Indiana.  pic.twitter.com/aNJOMK3Num Joe’s statement mourning the deaths of @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson and Hoosier Jeffrey Monroe:pic.twitter.com/ejMa7iIQ0w Are you a Hoosier student interested in attending a Service Academy?  Come chat with Joe's staff at Service Academy nights, where you can get more information on @NavalAcademy, @WestPoint_USMA, @AF_Academy, @USCGAcademy, and #USMMA.  MORE INFO:  pic.twitter.com/0XEl4MNrAK Joe's staff attended the Vanderburgh County Sheriff's Office Recognition Ceremony, where seven new Deputy Sheriffs were sworn in and several deputies and officers were recognized for their work.pic.twitter.com/9WqR9QYR7I Last week, thanks to Joe and @SenDeanHeller, #Equifax published specific guidance for servicemembers. … During a @SenateBanking hearing after the #Equifax data breach, Joe pressed the company about the steps Equifax would take to properly protect servicembers’ personal and financial information. … Joe helped write and advance a bipartisan regulatory relief package that would protect consumers by allowing them to freeze and unfreeze their credit in a timely manner, free of charge, and set year-long fraud alerts.   … Joe has taken a number of steps to fight for consumers following the #Equifax data breach: … Now is not the time to pull back on a full-scale probe into the #Equifax data breach. The approximately 145 million Americans who had their personal and financial data exposed deserve answers. … Great to have @NationalFFA CEO Mark Poeschl in the classroom with us at Beech Grove High School to hear from FFA program students and their teachers about their ag education and research. –Joepic.twitter.com/Q1fSdr2ql9 Joe got a lesson in agriculture from the Beech Grove High School and Beech Grove Middle School FFA program, which is one of the largest programs in IN. Joe heard from students and teachers about ag research projects they're working on and their ag-focused career opportunities.pic.twitter.com/CnguiMns1O #GoodNews: Thanks to a federal grant, 95 first responder agencies in 34 rural Hoosier counties will receive nearly 3,400 naloxone kits - as well as training for those administering the life-saving opioid overdose reversal drug.  Meet Frank Bellamy. He’s one of Indiana’s 150,000 Vietnam War Veterans. Frank was drafted by the Army in 1968 to serve in Vietnam. On March 29, 2018, Joe will host an event in Indiana to welcome home Hoosier Vietnam veterans like Frank.pic.twitter.com/qcUARQgG79 ICYMI: Legislation that Joe helped introduce to help protect amateur athletes from sexual abuse is headed to the president’s desk to be signed into law.  … Great to meet the Ramsey family from Shelbyville - Indiana's 21st Farm Family of the Year. The Ramseys grow corn, soybeans, wheat and hay. Thank you for all that you do for the ag community in your community and across Indiana. -Joepic.twitter.com/iG4unLGU85 Great to be at this year's #PurdueAg Alumni Fish Fry with so many folks who make up Indiana's amazing ag community and help feed the world. -Joepic.twitter.com/SWhRyVeQZO ICYMI: Joe released his 2017 Annual Report:  . Here are some highlights of Joe’s work on behalf of Hoosiers in 2017:pic.twitter.com/wtoT0Orbst Joe welcomed the continuation of Indiana’s HIP 2.0, following @HHSGov approval of #Medicaid waiver extension. Continuation of this program will allow Indiana to increase efforts to address the #opioid crisis.pic.twitter.com/HF6YXDwCts #ICYMI: Due to legislation Joe supported, progress is being made toward new VA clinics in Terre Haute and Indianapolis for Hoosier veterans. … 