Meet Joshua Hillman of Prattville, AL. He and his brother have Cystic Fibrosis. Joshua wanted to share his story with you and talk about how important it is to protect people living with pre-existing conditions. Listen to his story here:  pic.twitter.com/J495eGjxl8 Today we took an important step for families of civil rights cold case victims–my bipartisan Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act earned committee approval & is 1 step closer to becoming law. Let this be a reminder that justice delayed doesn't have to be justice denied.pic.twitter.com/BEez48QWkf So many remarkable song writers have been born out of the south & they deserve to have their hard work protected. I’m proud to have co-sponsored this legislation here in the Senate – congrats, @SenAlexander! … Flash Flood Watch for Pickens, Tuscaloosa, Jefferson and St. Clair County until 7:00am Thursday.   #StormTeam42 #alwx 5 years ago @senatorleahy & @mikecrapo led a bipartisan effort to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. At the end of Sept, #VAWA expires. Let's stand w/ women across America by finally making this legislation *permanent* — we need it now more than ever. Birmingham's own @dolestermiles leads the cover of @gardenandgun this month with her famous sweet potato pie -- congrats! … Happy #NationalVoterRegistrationDay! Every vote counts – Alabamians must register by October 22 to be eligible to vote on November 6:  … Fentanyl not only harms those who use it, but it also poses a serious threat to our first responders should they be exposed. This legislation is another smart step to stop illicit fentanyl from being transported across our borders and into our communities. … Ann Johnson & her husband came to DC from Madison, AL and stopped by #DonutsWithDoug last week. Ann has polycystic kidney disease. Like the other 1.9M Alabamians w/pre-existing conditions, she is worried about her coverage. I'll continue to fight for Ann and others like her.pic.twitter.com/nYmq0EhmdD Had a great time at the #GulfCoastChallenge last night—congrats to A&M and Southern on a game well played! Fun way to celebrate top-notch HBCUs through Alabama’s favorite sport.pic.twitter.com/g9heLRnHrK Thank you @SenDougJones for your kind words today. The scale of the loss and heartbreak cancer inflicts is unlike any our species has known. We’ve already lost too many, and we’ll lose too many more before this is over. We must honor them by pushing the science as fast as we can. … On this #POWMIARecognitionDay, we stand behind those who were taken prisoner by the enemy and honor those who never returned home. You will never be forgotten. #HonorThempic.twitter.com/tytWOSFgpl Thank you @SenDougJones and your Senate co-sponsors for the introduction of the Strengthening Minority Serving Institutions Act (S. 3467). This permanent investment is critical for the #Sustainability of our historic institutions and future scholars. #HBCUs #PBIs #MSIs … Tomorrow, 9/21, my team will hold events in Bham & Mobile as a part of @bidencancer’s #BidenCancerSummit. These events have speakers Dr. @mattmight – a leader in precision medicine – @ the Bham event & state Senator Vivian Figures @ our Mobile summit. Hope y’all can make it!pic.twitter.com/ZyUcIFpkfs Thanks to everyone who came out to our military academy info session last night in Bham! Tonight my team will host sessions in Huntsville and Dothan. Come on out if you’re interested in attending one!pic.twitter.com/d0T37iR9bv I’ve successfully prosecuted 38-year-old crimes. It wasn’t easy, but it was the right thing to do to get justice for the victims.   All I‘m asking for is a full, fair investigation. Let’s get to the truth, whatever it may be.  We need to get this right. There’s too much at stake. TODAY: my team is hosting informational sessions in Huntsville and Dothan for anyone interested in attending a U.S. military service academy. For more information, please visit:  …pic.twitter.com/4rqf24zjEC Wishing all those observing Yom Kippur a meaningful day of atonement and an easy fast. TODAY: my team is hosting an informational session in Birmingham for anyone interested in attending a U.S. military service academy. For more information, please visit:  …pic.twitter.com/Ai2IkP4xNB Sens. Blumenthal, Leahy, and Jones are sending a letter to McGahn asking about when he knew about the allegation and what he did about it, Blumenthal says. We need to have a full investigation of the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh— including the testimony of Mark Judge. If he won’t testify, he needs to be subpoenaed.pic.twitter.com/6fXOkujRwY Today marks 71 years of #AirForce strength in the skies. Happy Birthday to the @USAirForce. #AFBday #AF71pic.twitter.com/yN5W7HDZd8 Alabama is home to 14 outstanding HBCUs – not just the most, but the best in the nation! Today I was honored to introduce legislation to increase funding for HBCUs and other minority-serving institutions. Hear more about my bill & why this is needed:  …pic.twitter.com/PaUtoHcvar TODAY: my team is hosting informational sessions in Selma and Montgomery for anyone interested in attending a U.S. military service academy. For more information, please visit:  …pic.twitter.com/qSaoVz0gEX "We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare..." 231 years ago #OTD   #ConstitutionDaypic.twitter.com/S59r2mDIEv This was a very brave step to come forward. It is more important than ever to hit the pause button on Kavanaugh’s confirmation vote until we can fully investigate these serious and disturbing allegations. We cannot rush to move forward under this cloud. … Later this morning at the church, I'll be honoring their memory and talking about the need to come together as a community and as a country. We hear some of the same rhetoric today that was used in 1963. Words matter, folks. And we can never let something like this happen again. Addie Mae. Carole. Cynthia. Carol Denise. Today, we remember these four bright little girls who were killed at the 16th St Baptist Church 55 years ago in a bombing perpetrated by the KKK. This case and these families will always hold a special meaning for me.pic.twitter.com/4eeSvqUx41 We're fortunate to have Dr. @mattmight leading the way at @UABNews on #PrecisionMedicine. I've been so impressed by this cutting-edge initiative and I am very proud that it is based in the great state of Alabama! … Jody has served @NASA for 3+ decades and has gained the skills needed to take @NASA_Marshall to the next level. Her appointment as the 1st woman in this position is historic & will be an inspiration to young women interested in STEM. My full statement:   … .@AAPA_Seaports+@AAR_FreightRail leaders: "...policy emanating from DC—regardless of recent progress with Mexico—threatens Alabama's trade-dependent economy. Indeed, the macro-economic principle of free trade...remains under attack by select policymakers." … REMINDER: Next week, my team will be hosting informational sessions across Alabama for anyone interested in attending a U.S. military service academy. For more information, please visit:  ….pic.twitter.com/ok5COxR0LK The International Trade Commission recently halted tariffs on newsprint being imported from Canada. Sen. Doug Jones, who has been a driving force in stopping these import taxes, weighed in on the decision.   …pic.twitter.com/lcNp5i52fP pic.twitter.com/PI17GGcdMc Alabama is a trade state & the modernization of our port is key to our future. I’m proud to join ⁦@SenShelby⁩ and my colleagues in fighting for AL farmers/businesses and supporting efforts to secure new opportunities brought by a wider, deeper port. … If you can’t make it to any of the sessions, but you still have questions, you can always reach out to my offices for assistance: … Interested in attending a U.S. military service academy? My team is hosting informational sessions across Alabama next week to explain the process and answer your questions. Check out the schedule here:   … Telemedicine can be a lifeline for rural communities—efforts like these ensure Alabamians in every corner of our state get access to high-quality health care. #broadband … Space, Rockets, and a Senatorial Encounter in Huntsville, Alabama  … via @exploreplanets// Thanks for chatting with @astro_DonThomas, @SpaceCampMedia, @SenDougJones & Docent Alex McCool! 1-in-3 Alabamians under 65 have a pre-existing condition. If this lawsuit succeeds, AL would be among the states most hurt. Oral arguments start today. Pay close attention—there's too much at stake to let us backslide to a time before these protections. … Tropical Storm #Gordon will produce very heavy rainfall across our area starting this afternoon. Flash Flood Watch remains in effect through Wednesday evening. #mobwx … Meet Regina Pruitt of Hoover, AL. Born w/Cystic Fibrosis, she must keep up w/a growing number of hospital trips & medical bills while living her daily life. She wanted to share her story about living w/CF & the high drug prices she pays, even w/insurance:  pic.twitter.com/SUKuNiRd05 The Administration’s tariffs were going to cost jobs, not save them. The ITC made a crucial ruling today to protect our local newspapers and the communities that depend on them. Read my statement here:  . … Glad to be supporting @SenatorBaldwin’s bill and to continue the fight to protect people with pre-existing conditions. … Having practiced before him as a lawyer, I know him to be eminently qualified for this role. I wish him well as he continues his work to uphold the Constitution and ensure justice for all. Judge Moorer will serve the Southern District with distinction. I was proud to support his confirmation today and to congratulate him personally for his historic appointment as the first African-American to hold this seat. … 63 years since Emmett Till’s murder. May we never forget the truth about that day: that he was killed for the color of his skin. We can't change what happened, but we can choose to confront the hate and divisiveness that leads to such violence, and which continues today. … Meet Cameron Crouse of Tuscaloosa, AL. He was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes as a child and has worked hard to prevent it from impacting his busy life as a student-athlete. He’s heading to college and wants to someday find for a cure for this pre-existing condition. His story:pic.twitter.com/BmKlj6Gb0L At BTW school today, it was clear that while they may have lost a building to fire, the spirit that made them great in the first place is still there. I know they’ll build back stronger and future students like this little one will get to be a part of its history!pic.twitter.com/W1T2uliXC1 Great to be with y’all this morning! I’ve got a full day of events ahead in Montgomery today and I’m glad to kick it off with the @MGMChamber. #EggsAndIssues … Listen to her story here: … Meet Lura Denson of Birmingham, AL. She was born with a congenital heart defect. Lura wanted to explain why those with pre-existing conditions are regular people just like you and me, but have to go through so much more just to live a normal life.pic.twitter.com/MFhnnYsKkN This is great news for rural health care access - we need more programs that prepare and encourage health care professionals to work in underserved communities. … Happy Birthday to my good friend and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee counterpart, @SenatorTester! We are working hard for our nation’s veterans.pic.twitter.com/VItSftS6yO People are scared to death that they’ll lose protections for pre-existing conditions. I’m stunned at the way the Administration is saying they want to protect them, but at the same time taking actions that would roll back these protections.pic.twitter.com/v3tmpJfVAe Alabamians deserve better. Families like the Hillmans deserve to know they'll have access to affordable, quality health care. Period. … I'm proud of the work I've been able to accomplish with colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I've cosponsored over 100 bills & more than 90 of them have been bipartisan.pic.twitter.com/zjB9gmdfKm Alabama did not #expandmedicaid for political reasons. That decision has cost our state billions for rural hospitals & coverage for the most vulnerable Alabamians.pic.twitter.com/Y8lvDHDJXL At Alex City town hall, Senator Jones invites constituents to air their grievances with the "heckling pillow" from last week's Birmingham event.pic.twitter.com/sHIWP3gLFr Welcome @SenDougJones to HudsonAlpha! We’re hosting a listening session with scientists, healthcare workers and health advocates here today. Kicking things off with @RickMyers_PhDpic.twitter.com/KVAdmtPu05 "Improving access to health care for all Alabamians has been one of my top priorities since coming to Washington." - @huntsvillealcoc Washington Updatepic.twitter.com/amTdLxJ6TG U.S. Senator Doug Jones is about to take the stage for his 2018 Washington Update!  Tune in to the @whnt website and Facebook to hear his speech live! Honored to introduce Alabama native Lynda Blanchard, the nominee for Amb. to Slovenia, to the Foreign Relations Cmte today. Her leadership of @100XDevelopment's humanitarian efforts has shown she’s highly qualified & her AL roots are a clear indication of more success to come!pic.twitter.com/xGBPfZIQpO A big congrats to Jane Grey Battle and Claire Lauterbach on winning the national championship in public forum debate! It is great to see Alabama students achieving at the highest levels and making Alabama proud!   … Hey y’all, I’ll be in Alex City on Saturday morning (8/18) for my next town hall meeting. If you’re in the area, I hope you’ll stop by!pic.twitter.com/1YvkS3MqFE #SocialSecurity has ensured economic security for Americans and allowed them to age with dignity and independence. 83 years later, this legislation continues to provide a crucial safety net for 60 million Americans every month.pic.twitter.com/t0f50Q2hTW Hey folks, hope to see you at my town hall meeting in Birmingham tonight!pic.twitter.com/4Vbla5dpt5 Spent the morning with @UABNews hearing about all of their great plans to invest in the future of health care in Alabama. From educating the next generation of rural doctors to cutting-edge research, UAB is a leader in this field.pic.twitter.com/qZEkhYfzme Hey, folks! I hope you’ll come out for my next town hall meeting on Monday in Birmingham. State Rep. Juandalynn Givan will deliver welcoming remarks. Looking forward to seeing y’all there!pic.twitter.com/NmQQLaEPLu Great to be back at the Rotary Club of Birmingham to talk about the important issues we face in Alabama and across the country: health care, jobs, expanding opportunity, and securing our democratic elections.pic.twitter.com/uamK8lBBT8 – bei Harbert Center Today we celebrate 53 years since President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act, but let us not forget these rights remain at risk for many Americans. Congress should take steps to modernize and restore the VRA by passing the #VRAA. … Happy birthday @USCG! Thank you for all you do every day to protect our coasts and keep us safe. … Alabama has the highest rate of opioid prescriptions per person in the country. Today, I sat down with Alabamians who have been impacted by the opioid crisis, as well as medical professionals & advocates to talk about the ways we can work together to turn the tide on this crisis.pic.twitter.com/R9DpTrzr4l Congrats to @SenShelby and @SenatorLeahy for their successful effort to return the Senate to regular order in the appropriations process.  This bipartisan work is important for our country and you should be commended. … These are called ‘junk plans’ for a reason. They can circumvent rules that protect patients with pre-existing conditions and deny access to basic care. Americans need affordable coverage options—not cheap junk plans. … Yesterday, I had the chance to speak to Senate staff/interns about prosecuting 2 former KKK who bombed the 16th St Baptist Church. My talk wasn't just abt the perpetrators, though. It was about healing for the victims' families, who believed that justice would—someday—be done.pic.twitter.com/EBjXEyoQ4k #Medicare and #Medicaid have helped millions of seniors, children, disabled & low-income Americans access quality care. Today, we have an opportunity to expand Medicaid in Alabama & 16 other states—bringing our tax dollars back from DC and improving the health of our workforce.pic.twitter.com/zL4QbfKuhh Missed #DonutswithDoug this week? No problem! The next one is on Tuesday, JULY 31st @ 8:30 AM. Come have a donut & let’s talk about what’s going on in Alabama!  RSVP here:  …pic.twitter.com/olBhqYmu1w What a great turnout in Hoover today! Thanks to everyone who came out to spend a Saturday afternoon with me talking about issues that are important to you. Thank you to @CityofHoover @hoovermayor for hosting!pic.twitter.com/aUE8XOf6Zb REMINDER — I’ll be holding a town hall meeting in Hoover today at the Hoover Met Stadium in the Michael Jordan room. Doors open at 2:30PM. Space is limited so seats are first come, first served. Hope to see y’all there! Thanks @hyundai & @mercedesbenz for the manufacturing plant tours today! It was great to highlight how much economic opportunity you’ve brought to Alabama! We need to continue that success into the future.pic.twitter.com/D3YR23HARu Loved speaking to interns & staffers at the Senate Diversity Initiative yesterday—and what better way to celebrate #NationalInternDay than with a selfie?pic.twitter.com/I3gmwiaFN8 Hi folks, I hope to see you at my town hall meeting in Hoover this Saturday!pic.twitter.com/y2hoYZ0IH5 28 years ago TODAY, Pres. George H.W. Bush signed the Americans With Disabilities Act, which prohibits discrimination against those who have disabilities. I was proud to support & vote for #ADA. We must work together to keep this law--and all our civil rights laws--strong. #ADA28pic.twitter.com/3keClWSAPq Lynched in Mississippi at the young age of 14, Emmett Till would’ve been 77 years old today. #EmmettTillpic.twitter.com/VdNr1zaVun Folks affected by the proposed auto tariffs are looking for a silver bullet to stop them dead in their tracks --but the only silver bullet is for the President to change his mind.pic.twitter.com/TRoV5ulMAO Hi folks, this Saturday I’ll be hosting a town hall meeting in Hoover. If you’re in the area, I hope you’ll stop by!pic.twitter.com/yDPutLuNzf Congratulations to 2nd Lt. Freeman on earning her wings and making history! Thank you for your service and sacrifice on behalf of Alabama and our country. … Wonderful recognition for these @UofSouthAlabama medical students who are committed to providing health care to underserved communities in Alabama:  … Good news, folks! We have two more #DonutswithDoug coming up – Tuesday, JULY 24th & Tuesday, JULY 31st @ 8:30am. Can’t wait to see all the Alabamians visiting DC! RSVP here:  … …pic.twitter.com/quSjv7dEdY Thank you @SenDougJones for coming out today to show support for our @HondaAlabama associates. #DontTaxMyRide #autotariffspic.twitter.com/Ky6hoylcYU Great meeting with @SenDougJones today. Thank you for your leadership to put the brakes on auto tariffs & standing up for Alabama & U.S. auto workers! #TariffsAreTaxespic.twitter.com/DmfAm1jRJ3 The auto industry is a vital part of Alabama’s economy. This morning, I was proud to stand with @HereforAmerica and 100+ automakers from Alabama and other leading auto states in a bipartisan effort to protect our workers from @realdonaldtrump’s proposed tariffs.pic.twitter.com/4MxjYpkTLq Proud to stand with our auto workers! … .@NelsonMandela exemplified leadership, courage, and sacrifice.   On #MandelaDay we’re reminded that dedication to principle and the greater good can see you through, even in the darkest of times. … Over the past 30 years, the auto industry rebuilt Alabama’s economy from the ground up. @realdonaldtrump's auto tariffs threaten that success story. I’m headed to the Senate floor w/@SenAlexander to talk about the damage this will do to our states. WATCH:  . Newspapers are the lifeblood of so many Alabama communities. Today, I testified at the International Trade Commission about the negative impact that newsprint tariffs have had on these small American businesses and the communities that rely on them.pic.twitter.com/rPSbMHoIF9 Thank you @SenDougJones for joining the ACT Caucus and supporting family caregivers! #iheartcaregivers #ACTCaucus #alpoliticspic.twitter.com/ffrr7Rx44t This is great news for Huntsville! It will further boost the region’s reputation as a leader in the defense industry. Also, BAE’s expansion is a testament to the talented workforce and quality of life in north Alabama.   … Sen. Doug Jones: Tariffs threaten Alabama jobs, and our auto industry does not pose a national security threat  pic.twitter.com/dPK4OnYdh1 Yesterday I learned that an @FCC-controlled program is delaying $32+ million for Alabama schools to expand internet access. These unexplained delays are hurting AL students, so I wrote to @AjitPaiFCC to get answers.   Read my full letter here:    .@SenDougJones responds to possible new disclosure about the 1955 #EmmittTill murder case: says it will help "if we can bring any kind of healing, any kind of closure" w/ @WmBrangham @NewsHour tonight What a win for Birmingham! And a smart choice by @shipt to stick with the Magic City. … .@fema announced disaster assistance for communities impacted by the March 19-20 storms has topped $6.65M in federal disaster assistance – w/ $1.25M going to Jacksonville for debris removal. Having visited Jacksonville right after the storm, I know how much this help is needed.pic.twitter.com/hK9yzduHUl Today Mr. Beau Bowden, from the office of @SenDougJones , visited with Director @B_Hastings_EMA. The time spent with Mr. Bowden and the interest shown by Senator Jones and his staff about our current operations is greatly appreciated. Thank you for your support. @AlabamaEMApic.twitter.com/5M8e67AOUL This step will most certainly limit the number of people who get the health care they need. The ACA isn’t perfect, but cutting vital navigation services isn’t going to make it work better for Americans. … Thrilled to see these Alabamians make it back home safe and sound. … With the help of these tremendous students, I introduced a bill today that will open government records for over 100 #CivilRights cold cases. We might not solve every case, but I believe this bill will help us find some long-overdue healing and understanding of the truth. … The Administration’s proposed tariffs on imported cars, trucks, and parts threaten ~40,000 Alabama jobs—and all because this industry somehow threatens national security? That doesn’t make an ounce of sense. … pic.twitter.com/62OYdPcVJw Man, I didn't realize I was so underdressed for this year's Birmingham #tacofest...but thanks for having me as a judge and shoutout to the great Alabama taco vendors for sharing such delicious options!pic.twitter.com/g1vTm5U6DB Congratulations are in order for Heather Simpson, a Hueytown K-6 math teacher, for receiving the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics Science Teaching! … Congrats, @BhamTimes! A well-deserved recognition for an important and dedicated newspaper. … 54 years ago, President Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 into law. We must continue to work to ensure that our anti-discrimination laws are not only preserved, but strengthened so that every citizen has access to the same American Dream.pic.twitter.com/M64HJd0HJF I was deeply saddened to learn of @Alexcityoutlook’s editor Mitch Sneed’s passing last night, please read my thoughts here:pic.twitter.com/SZct57PCje What a busy day in Anniston yesterday! It was great to address @calhounchamber & take a tour of the Anniston Army Depot. Next stop, Birmingham!pic.twitter.com/S4cJKxFad3 Thanks @CDPfema for showing me around today. CDP trains emergency response teams that deploy across the country. So important to support this great facility — it benefits all Americans! … Great news for south Alabama! Increased funding for Littoral Combat Ships was included in the FY19 Defense spending bill. Watch my recent floor speech calling for more resources for our LCS program:  Hey, @APTV! Congratulations for winning TWENTY awards of excellence recently for your educational & public affairs coverage! Your work is so important for the people of Alabama. Looking forward to catching what’s on this weekend! Today, the Senate passed a #FarmBill that will help farmers, ranchers, and other rural Americans thrive. Want to know more about the Farm Bill and how it impacts you? Take a look:pic.twitter.com/J08yZi6e7f No conversation about improving veterans health care is complete without talking about mental health. Now more than ever we must support those who are battling the invisible wounds of war. #PTSD …  … There is so much going on in the news that this is barely breaking through. But Republicans are still trying to take health care away from millions of Americans with preexisting conditions. They sabotaged our health care system, causing rates to skyrocket. … Great news today for career and technical education—today we reauthorized the Perkins Act in the #HELPCommittee! CTE is so important to Alabama’s economy and our ability to build a world-class workforce. The #TuskegeeAirmen were the 1st black military aviators in the U.S. Army & flew more than 15K individual offensives during WWII. Looking forward to honoring this history-making group – including some original members – tomorrow night @ 5PM in the Capitol Visitors Center. We need to focus on the real issues that impact people’s daily lives – not on attacking one another to score points. We can only make progress through dialogues, not monologues.pic.twitter.com/XyfOMxiZUC 3 years ago, the ruling in favor of #MarriageEquality held strong significance for so many Americans - including me. I’m proud to support my son Carson & the entire LGBTQ+ community and their right to be treated fairly and with dignity.pic.twitter.com/qFsvwCNKKh Thanks to the great @nationalbeta club students from Alabama who stopped by my office today while they’re in DC for a leadership conference. There was no better way to kick off my day this morning than having a conversation with our future leaders! 5 years ago today, the Shelby County v. Holder decision gutted the Voting Rights Act, leaving states like Alabama vulnerable to voter suppression laws. We must protect voters from those who attempt to infringe on their rights as citizens of our great country. GREAT news! The amendment @BillCassidy & I introduced to require greater transparency about VA-run nursing home quality just passed in the Senate! This is a step forward to provide the care our veterans deserve and have earned. Got to sit down with @finebaum today—no word on who Alabama will start at QB against Louisville, but he did promise to tailgate with me the next time #SECNation is in Auburn or Tuscaloosa!pic.twitter.com/R27DFdwNaK REMINDER: TODAY is the @fema registration deadline to apply for federal disaster assistance following the storms of March 19-20 in Calhoun, Cullman, and Etowah counties. Go to   to register, even if you have registered w/ other disaster relief organizations! #WVTM13 Live Doppler: Tornado Warning for Blount and Cullman counties until 8:30PM #alwxpic.twitter.com/A1pjhrr8Y1 I’m thrilled that y’all enjoyed #DonutsWithDoug this week! Check out my website for new upcoming dates and get your RSVP in early!  …pic.twitter.com/JvyNiwJ25J Welcome to Bessemer, @Amazon! There’s no better place to grow your business and create good jobs than in our great state! This is just another testament to our first-rate workforce and our ability to attract new opportunities. … Today marks the 74th anniversary of the #GIBill, a landmark bill that opened doors for millions of our nation's veterans and gave them an opportunity to build a good life well beyond their time in service.pic.twitter.com/2oT1eViUlA REMINDER: The @fema registration deadline to apply for federal disaster assistance following the tornadoes and storms of March 19-20 in Calhoun, Cullman, and Etowah counties is Monday, June 25.   Go to   to register. Thanks to all of these citizen-advocates for raising awareness about Alzheimer’s. Proud to cosponsor the #BOLDAlzheimersAct and share a little bit today about how this disease has impacted my loved ones. … Read more about our proposal here:  . Vets and their families deserve transparency from VA nursing homes. That's why today I joined my colleagues @SenatorTester @SenSherrodBrown @SenGillibrand & @SenBillNelson to propose legislation requiring the VA to report its secret quality data to Congress each year. … Today, we commemorate the end of slavery in the U.S. and celebrate all that #Juneteenth means to so many people in our country. It is incumbent upon us to teach this important history to our next generation and never forget that progress didn’t stop then—it must continue. … When it comes to the search to #ENDALZ, one of the first steps is in awareness. Join me in the education process as we learn the path to public awareness and prevention. … What a great way to start off the day! Thank you to all the Alabamians who came to #DonutsWithDoug. This morning combined two of my favorite things – my constituents & donuts! Keep an eye out for the next #DonutsWithDoug & I can’t wait to see y’all at the next one.pic.twitter.com/Cl6DWX58Mm Congratulations to fellow Birminghamian @saraevansmusic who won the Service Leadership Award last week presented by @NABEF!pic.twitter.com/vtudQ5lGdx TOMORROW is the day, y’all! The very first #DonutswithDoug – Tuesday, JUNE 19th @ 8:30am. RSVP here:  ….   Can’t wait to see Alabamians here in DC!pic.twitter.com/CaJ56wfpoD True words, Dr. Ride! 35 years ago today Dr. #SallyRide became the first woman in space. A pioneer for women in science, this year we continue to see her legacy in all the ways women have & continue to break down barriers.pic.twitter.com/fjzBJkLsL7 Tearing families apart is contrary to our American values. We must stop this cruel policy, but also work toward long-term solutions that will actually address the underlying problem. Read my statement here about my support for the #KeepFamiliesTogether Act, which is a 1st step.pic.twitter.com/X0wb6djeSk Happy #FathersDay to all the dads and granddads out there! Here’s a throwback for y’all – while they may be all grown up now, my kids are with me wherever I go.pic.twitter.com/M2cIqNeOWV This #ImmigrantHeritageMonth, let us reflect upon the contributions that immigrants have made on our country from the very beginning.   Despite the many paths our ancestors took to America, we unite under a common flag and find strength in our diversity.pic.twitter.com/KIEgDNyMTz Eid Mubarak to all who are celebrating! I wish you a happy celebration to the end of your peaceful month of fasting. It’s appalling to me that someone could use the Bible to justify tearing children away from their families. This @TheJusticeDept policy is not a law—HUGE difference—and it defies our values as Americans. I’m exploring every option available to halt this policy. Calling all Alabamians! Next time you’re in DC, I hope you can stop by one of my “Donuts with Doug” events to catch up over a cup of coffee & donut. The first one is this TUESDAY, JUNE 19! RSVP here:  ….   Hope to see y’all there!pic.twitter.com/WXmuL9oxlC BIG news for Huntsville – and a testament to the great workforce and quality of life in north Alabama! … Read more about what 15 other senators and I had to say on the matter here:  … Today I asked @mickmulvaneyomb to explain why he suddenly abandoned a rule to require big companies to collect comprehensive wage data.   Why wouldn’t we want to have all the facts on the #PayGap? Learn more about flag etiquette here:  …pic.twitter.com/4w0iwSUSwu Happy birthday @USArmy! Thank you for all you do to keep our country safe!pic.twitter.com/KIHuhE3wiN The Navy’s LCS program supports 4,000 Alabama jobs every day and delivers ships that support our national defense.   We need to recognize the importance of this program for Alabama and the U.S. by increasing resources for another LCS in the Senate’s Defense bill.pic.twitter.com/V6z4a3FyPK Bipartisan @CoryBooker, @SenCapito & @SenDougJones Bill to Address Wastewater Needs of Lower Income Communities Advances through Key Senate Committee:  … A smart, commonsense bill I’m proud to cosponsor, @SenWarner’s SAME Act shuts down the excuse that it is “too late” to expand #Medicaid by ensuring matching federal funds for states regardless of when they choose to expand. The failure to act on #MedicaidExpansion has taken a toll on Alabama - hitting Alabamians hard with hospital closures spanning 10 counties already. It’s time to shed light on the true costs of refusing #MedicaidExpansion.pic.twitter.com/lhc4zQ3Pdg NEW: Legislation I introduced w/@RandPaul, @SenDougJones, @SenatorLankford to save taxpayer dollars passed committee today! Our bill directs federal agencies to keep better track of their inventory and sell or get rid of excess equipment. Read more about this commonsense legislation I introduced today here:   The Smart Choices Act would shed light on exactly how much taxpayer $$$ states have turned down by not expanding #Medicaid. I’m committed to improving health care in Alabama, and that means #MedicaidExpansion to help 200k Alabamians access care & bring our tax dollars back home.pic.twitter.com/7z7LCxytIu Making history as the oldest living American president & doing so with grace - happy birthday, @GeorgeHWBush! Glad that the Farm Bill includes a bill I joined @SenBooker & @SenCapito to introduce that will improve wastewater infrastructure in rural areas. I’m looking forward to seeing this bill pass in Congress and start helping Alabamians. [2/2] Every family deserves a safe home to live in, free from the serious & costly health risks of inadequate sewage systems. [1/2] Last month, @SenatorWicker, @SenHydeSmith, and I introduced legislation to commemorate Medgar Evers’ home as a national monument, which will help preserve his legacy for years to come. #OTD in 1963, civil rights leader Medgar Evers was murdered for being courageous enough to challenge the status quo.   In his pursuit of equality and fairness, he showed us the power each of us can have when we stand up for what we believe in – and fight for it.pic.twitter.com/CrRcg5aIaW Started off my day w/ a group of motivated students visiting D.C. w/ the @ALRuralElectric youth tour. They came prepared & quizzed me on everything from #NetNeutrality to #Medicaid! They are defining civic engagement in rural Alabama & I’m certain they have bright futures ahead.pic.twitter.com/JSaVoxTxTo The fight to #SaveTheInternet is far from over.   The Senate has already voted in favor of #NetNeutrality. It’s time for the House of Representatives to do the same. No one should feel that suicide is the only answer. If you’re thinking about harming yourself, please reach out to the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1-800-273-8255. Or visit   for help if you or someone you know needs it. Mental health challenges can impact anyone, no matter how successful they may be. That’s why it’s so important to look out for others and ourselves.  This issue is personal for many, including me. A close friend committed suicide a few years ago. .@Amazon, welcome to Bessemer! Thrilled to see that this fulfillment center will bring 1,500 jobs to Alabama. … I think it’s fair to say he’s wearing enough seersucker for the both of us. … Alabama ranks 44th in the nation when it comes to the gender pay gap. It is long past time for the #PaycheckFairnessAct to become law. Learn more about the #paygap here:  pic.twitter.com/Dq3pLtGtU8 With nearly 40,000 Alabamians employed by the auto manufacturing industry, the President’s proposed 25% auto tariff really hits home. Read more about why @SenAlexander and I are urging @SecretaryRoss to reconsider here:   An inspiration and a true measure of a good man. On #RFK50, I reflect on the ways Bobby Kennedy set an example of moral leadership and how his legacy remains strong today. His presence is still felt in our nation’s capital, especially right here in my Senate office.pic.twitter.com/ydbwsUcbDn THIS is bravery. On the 74th anniversary of #DDay, we honor the troops who fought and gave their lives so we might someday live in a peaceful world. Their sacrifices will never be forgotten. #DDay74 #GreatestGeneration … Now isn’t that a sight to see! Sipsey Wilderness is one of Alabama’s stunning contributions to our natural world – and an example of why it’s so important to preserve these lands for future generations. #WorldEnvironmentDay #PreserveOurWorldpic.twitter.com/aVj1ewlOOw I was the 51st woman to take the oath of office as a United States Senator—but we’ve had 50 different men just named Charles. And nearly half of all the women who have ever served in the United States Senate are serving right now. Congrats, @SenTinaSmith on an excellent maiden speech! You’ve set the bar high for leadership — and you’ve used your own platform to elevate other talented women. To your point, I hope someday there are just as many Senators named Tina who’ve served here as those named Charles! … A huge welcome from #TeamDoug to our new summer interns in my Washington, DC office! They tell me they’re going to teach me about Instagram…stay tuned!pic.twitter.com/ldNIaYWu3R Still waiting to hear back from the @bhambarons about my spot in the rotation after this fireball I threw out for the first pitch.pic.twitter.com/Wqgut4N1H3 Honored to spend the day with the @ACOMEDU graduates  receiving their military commissions.pic.twitter.com/POinuTHsxp The best thing we can do for younger generations is to lead by example - a core belief of the @100BlackMen non-profit organization. I was honored to be your gala’s keynote speaker last night and to support your commitment to community growth.pic.twitter.com/vMYZlgS908 Our community hospitals are part of the foundation of our local economy - keeping our workforce healthy and providing good jobs. Thank you to all the health care providers from across southern Alabama who came together today to discuss ways we can protect our rural hospitals.pic.twitter.com/pgs8MBOtxE – bei L. V. Stabler Hospital Companies like Golden Boy Foods provide good jobs here in Alabama and support our state’s manufacturing industry. On top of that, they make some pretty great peanut butter, too! Thanks for showing me around the factory today!pic.twitter.com/dVuP9KWihD Way to go Erin and Sid! Your commitment and hard work has paid off and I can’t wait to see you represent Alabama in the @ScrippsBee today! … If you feel that you are already experiencing any negative health impact from this issue, please reach out to one of these resources for help or call my Montgomery office at 334-230-0698. What a great turnout at the Lowndes County public health fair last night! In case you missed it, we talked abt how folks in the region can treat & prevent health problems as a result of failing septic systems as well as resources to maintain or build wastewater systems at home.pic.twitter.com/zdFThaZWnx Terrific evening hosting the Lowndes Health Fair with my friend @RepTerriSewell. Thanks to stakeholders & residents who came to learn & teach about how we can make Alabama healthier.pic.twitter.com/4YqzOgEESb As a @BhamBarons fan, I've attended the Rickwood Classic many times, but meeting former Birmingham Negro League ballplayers & calling the game w/ @CurtBloom4 tops them all!pic.twitter.com/ZmPGoX1P4p I’m looking forward to a productive conversation with FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel today about this issue and to hear from Alabamanians about how the repeal of these protections will impact them. 86% of Americans support net neutrality and the freedom it ensures for all of us. Without #netneutrality, small businesses, telehealth providers and regular folks suffer.pic.twitter.com/fTt14VVfXN On Wednesday night, join me and Congresswoman Sewell as we host a public health fair at the Lowndes Interpretive Center. The event will address the health consequences of failing septic systems, provide health screenings, and other helpful information. Hope to see ya’ll there!pic.twitter.com/k2xVxjMf4C Net neutrality is a vital part of a fair & free exchange of ideas on the internet. Come learn more tomorrow at @LawsonStateCC where I’ll host a discussion on #NetNeutrality with @FCC commissioner @JRosenworcel.pic.twitter.com/qmt52sUdxV What a great day for Montgomery! @Hyundai just announced a $388M investment to build a new manufacturing plant in Montgomery, bringing with it at least 50 new jobs! … May is #OlderAmericansMonth, a time to reflect on the contributions of the nearly 52 million Americans over age 65. In the @SenateAging committee, I’m working w/my colleagues to improve older Americans’ quality of life and protect vital programs like Social Security & Medicare.pic.twitter.com/FS1YQ7WC6T This Memorial Day, let us not lose sight of why we observe this day. We pause to remember those who’ve made the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of a grateful nation.pic.twitter.com/cPFgjy57hE Coastal Alabamians: please be prepared and stay safe during #Alberto. Tune in to your local news for the latest on the storm. … Congrats Coach Knight! You’re blazing a trail today so that someday soon this kind of story won’t be news. Best of luck to the Vols this fall! … More often than folks think, there are friendly moments on Capitol Hill, like this one from a Homeland Security hearing this week. Thanks @SenatorLankford for showing me the ropes when I sat in as the Ranking Member!pic.twitter.com/plcc0Hq3FG With each Alabama hospital that closes – and there have been 12 since 2011 – people lose access to health care. No Alabamian should have to fear life or death consequences because their local hospital has closed.pic.twitter.com/U5CIro3Gum Thanks @SenDeanHeller, @SenatorHeitkamp, and @SenJohnKennedy for joining me to introduce a bill today to do just that. Read more about our bipartisan Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act here:   Success for rural Alabama businesses is critical to the success of the entire Alabama economy. That’s why it’s so important to make sure they have a voice in federal policies that impact them.pic.twitter.com/qlbn15ZXkB Recent progress was encouraging, so this is certainly a disappointing setback. Both Admins should put diplomacy first, dial down the rhetoric, and work in good faith toward peace. … "People have forgotten the power behind books and the importance of opening a book and being able to read the words on a page." – Devon Frazier- Holston, I couldn't agree more.  Look forward to coming back to my hometown of Fairfield & seeing how all of that summer reading went! … Rural health and health care in general is among the most urgent challenges that Alabama faces. It is time to take a step forward – even small steps can add up to a huge difference.pic.twitter.com/s1ovpSYOdZ Our veterans deserve to receive the benefits they and their families have sacrificed so much for and earned, but too often that isn’t happening when it comes to health care. I stand with @SenatorTester and his bipartisan efforts to pass the #VAMISSIONAct here in the Senate. … Steel workers built the backbone of our country. The @steelworkers rally here on Capitol Hill this morning was energizing and reminded me of all of the hard-working Alabamians I came here to represent – and even my own days working at the US Steel plant in Fairfield! #USWRR18pic.twitter.com/JeDFshvRqh Proud to have @SenDougJones @SenBobCasey @SenSanders Rep Brenda Lewis @SenSherrodBrown @SenTinaSmith, true allies of Steelworkers, address #uswrr18 attendees before they head to Capitol Hill for lobby day.pic.twitter.com/DbG39Gfjox . @SenDougJones knows that small towns deserve 21st century health care. I’m proud to have worked with him on bipartisan legislation that would create a Rural Health Liaison at the @USDA dedicated to helping our hospitals and rural health care workers. … Health care isn’t a luxury for the few. Alabamians in every corner of our state deserve access to quality, affordable care. That’s why I’m proud to intro legislation today to improve #ruralhealth. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/M7QTdQ69OI Today, @SenDougJones introduced legislation on the Senate floor to create a Rural Health Liaison at @USDA. This position would be critical in ensuring the healthy future of rural communities and fostering a strong rural economy #RuralHealth I’m headed to the Senate floor now to talk about my first original, bipartisan legislation. Tune in to hear about how we’re working to improve rural health care:   Thanks @SenatorRounds & @SenTinaSmith for joining me in this important effort! Read more about our bill here:   Alabamians deserve access to quality health care, no matter where they live. That’s why I’m proud to introduce my first original legislation today – a bipartisan effort to better coordinate federal resources and improve rural health care.pic.twitter.com/WygkWpGbro These statistics are some of the many reasons I have joined the Senate Broadband Caucus – all Alabamians should have access to reliable internet, regardless of where they live.pic.twitter.com/Suop4LPxsU More than 350k Alabamians rely on community health centers like Capstone for access to affordable health care services regardless of income or insurance status.pic.twitter.com/BHFWaD9345 Great to visit with staff at Capstone Rural Health Clinic today to learn about the ways we can help w/ health care delivery to folks in Walker county.pic.twitter.com/S3WwGtvCyL Once again, we’re facing a tragic school shooting. I’m sickened that this is all too common. Rather than retreat to our corners on guns, we need to let first responders do their jobs and gather all the facts. They have work to do, and so do we. #SantaFe This #NationalPoliceWeek, we honor and remember the law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. We also thank the officers, and their families, who sacrifice so much to protect our communities in Alabama and across the nation every day.pic.twitter.com/0Cuv5c8Z5k Alabamians in rural communities and small towns can’t continue to lose access to health care at this pace. Hospitals can’t make ends meet. We need to fix the federal reimbursement levels so our providers can continue to serve our residents in every corner of the state. … Sixty-four years ago today, the unanimous #BrownvBoard decision affirmed that separate is not equal. We are a stronger nation today because of this landmark decision, but there's plenty more work to do to ensure we live up to our highest ideals. … Thrilled that I could help this spectacular young graduate soar to her highest potential – Congratulations, Annie Dunford! … An overwhelming majority of you support a fair and open internet—and I agree. That’s why today I’ll cast my vote to save #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/gwj0ZGa5Di I’d love to share this photo from my recent @UofAlabama #NetNeutrality forum, but unless we #SaveNetNeutrality, this is all you might see. I hope I can count you in to support a free and open internet for all. … #SaveNetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/YFzQ61bT63 What an honor to meet the legendary @Smokey_Robinson yesterday while he was here to testify on the #CLASSICSAct.pic.twitter.com/uevedyOaCb Read my full statement here on my decision not to support Gina Haspel’s confirmation as CIA Director:  …pic.twitter.com/gCS3SIJ9a5 See the conference livestream here: … I am headed to #CAPideas to have a conversation with @jbouie about how we can address the divisiveness in our country and start working together to find common ground. Proud to stand with @SenatorHeitkamp & my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to improve health care access in Alabama and across rural America. … Congratulations to the 5 students & 1 alumna from @AuburnU who received the 2018 @NSF Graduate Research Fellowship! Read more about the fellows here: … These centers provide information for those who sustained damage from the storms on March 19 & 20, operating Mon - Sat, 9am - 7pm. Services include:pic.twitter.com/la1uh5iSXj Three @AlabamaEMA Disaster Recovery Centers (DRC) are opening today in Calhoun, Cullman and Etowah counties. Today we honor the dedication and love of military spouses everywhere. Happy #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay! …  …pic.twitter.com/NAfKuey6U3 Congrats to the students of Russellville HS & Tharptown HS for their creativity and dedication in the @RocketContest – we are all rooting for Alabama to represent the U.S. this year!pic.twitter.com/EwpXSUmViO That’s right, @AIAspeaks! These driven students represent the type of leadership and innovation in this field that we Alabamians are proud to see. #TARC2018 #rocketsonthehill … A big thanks to @Toyota for donating two Corollas for @NWSCC’s Automotive Collision Repair program. I’m thrilled this was a result of a student forum I held at NWSCC and Toyota this past February. Eager to see the progress that these auto repair students will make!pic.twitter.com/BJn71Bu48g Congratulations, Zestlan Simmons, on winning Alabama Teacher of the Year! Your dedication to your students is inspiring. … Thank you @NatUrbanLeague for having me at your legislative conference this afternoon! It was a privilege to be one of the honorees for the 2018 Hiram R. Revels Award for Achievement, along with @MayorPugh50, @MayorBroome, & Mayor Dr. Karen Weaver.pic.twitter.com/uCSLt7AmMu Thank you for your service and welcome home! … I'm on the list and I’m fighting to protect #NetNeutrality because a free and open internet is crucial for our nation to remain a leader in the global economy, provide our children a quality education, and promote freedom of speech. … I can’t wait to see the wonderful effects of this funding on our state and some beautiful art, too! Congrats! #NEAarts To support a production of "Separate and Equal", by Seth A. Panitch, @UofAlabama received $10,000. To support an exhibition of sculptures by women artists, @artbhamSOE received $15,000. The Coleman Center for the Arts received over $10,000 to support an arts apprenticeship and entrepreneurship program focused on the youth in areas of rural Alabama. @AuburnU received $90,000 to study the effects that observational drawing training has on the brain and another $40,000 to provide visual arts classes in the Alabama prison system. @ALStateArts received over $760,000 to support art programs and activities throughout the state. Congratulations to the Alabama recipients of more than $939,000 in @NEAarts grant funding today! These groups are doing great work to advance:pic.twitter.com/4h8MdCxz3h Congratulations Dr. McNair! Wonderful news for the entire @TuskegeeUniv community to have a talented, trailblazing woman leading this historic institution and making history in the process. … Way to go, Austin! It’s superheroes like you that make Alabama the great state it is. … It was great to meet with leadership of the @USNavy today, who gave me my own official Navy seal! I’m proud to support the Navy and I’m grateful for what all our sailors do to keep Alabama and our nation safe.pic.twitter.com/w6fWA6kIhe Happy #TeacherAppreciationDay!pic.twitter.com/nRi9qj09BQ Even if you’re initially denied federal disaster aid—don’t give up because you have the right to an appeal. More information here from @AnnistonStar: … Congratulations Dolester! A well-deserved honor for a native Alabamian. … REMINDER: If you were impacted by the March storms in Calhoun/Cullman/Etowah counties, you can register for individual federal disaster assistance at  . Applications are due to @fema by June 25. So proud of all you’ve accomplished this year! Keep up the hard work and thanks again for letting me celebrate your graduation with you this week. … For this year's #SmallBusinessWeek I wanted to give a shoutout to Gus's Hot Dogs, a Birmingham institution. Small businesses like Gus's are the lifeblood of our communities.pic.twitter.com/EUJbr8Fw0u Joining @jeff_poor now by phone to talk about issues impacting Alabamians, including rural broadband and infrastructure. Tune in here:  . During my first four months in office, I have worked hard to take every vote on its own merits, do what I think is right, and most importantly, represent the interests of the Alabamians I serve. … Honored to visit with the outstanding staff at @ChildrensAL this morning. For more than 100 years this institution has been a leader in child medicine. Learn more about the great work they are doing for Alabama’s children:  pic.twitter.com/YmHhO0XNFW Looking forward to seeing all of the talented @stairbirmingham students again at their graduation tomorrow! These 2nd-graders have worked very hard on their reading skills this year and I'm so proud of all they've accomplished with the help of their great teachers and volunteers.pic.twitter.com/OjB9jCeQdB If you don't have internet access, you can also call: 800-621-3362. For TTY, you may call 800-462-7585. If you use 711 or Video Relay Service, you may call 800-621-3362. Did you have property damaged during the March tornadoes in Calhoun, Cullman, or Etowah counties and need disaster assistance? Make sure you register with @fema at   or download the app at  . Congratulations to Grayson Phillips of Gardendale and Katherine Huggins of Florence for being honored at the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards this week in Washington, DC. You've made Alabama VERY proud!pic.twitter.com/r2Xv5Ma9hi Thanks again @katiecouric & @goldsmithb for the thoughtful, wide-ranging discussion on your latest podcast. In case you missed it, listen here:  Spent a moving day today at @LegacyMuseum/@MemPeaceJustice. This site is a powerful recognition of the sins of the past, a reminder of how far we’ve come, and the work left to be done.pic.twitter.com/oRXKouXEjU Tomorrow is National Prescription #TakeBackDay -- bring in any unwanted/expired/unneeded medications for safe disposal at a location near you. Find your local drop-off sites here:   Proud to work on this bipartisan bill with @SenBooker and @SenCapito. It would help people in rural areas access the resources they need to build safe wastewater systems. Good news for the health and safety of AL families facing this tough situation. … This morning, I sent a letter to the Int'l Trade Commission asking to testify at its July 17 hearing on newsprint tariffs that are hurting our local community newspapers. In AL, these small papers remain at the heart of their communities and we can't afford to lose them. We have a responsibility to put pressure at the state and federal level on payday lenders who are engaging in predatory tactics. But we also need to provide low income communities with the tools to lift themselves out of poverty like raising the minimum wage. #BGOVInSite Any conversation about infrastructure has to start with broadband. For rural communities, high speed internet has the ability to change their outcomes on health care, education, and attracting job creation. #BGOVInSite Alabama did not expand Medicaid because of politics. We've got to get health care to place that is not governed by politics because our rural communities are in desperate need for coverage. #BGOVInSite We got to start changing the narrative when we talk about guns. If we can get to a place where we're having a conversation, rather than an argument, we can find common ground. #BGOVInSite On #TaxCutsandJobsAct: In the long-term, if those deficits are real and impacting our economy, I'm afraid that folks are going to try and cut domestic programs. #BGOVInSite Education as a public official is a two way street. You have to do more than tell you're constituents what you're doing, you have to listen to them and the issues they're facing. #BGOVInSite Glad to be at #BGOVInSite this morning to talk about what we're doing in the Senate and the great state of Alabama.pic.twitter.com/roJGzNDFD6 A memorial to victims of lynching opens in Alabama this week. @SenDougJones says it reflects on the mistakes of the past but sends a message of a brighter future | @WTVYNews4 @WTOKTV @GrayDCnews … Senator Doug Jones Statement on Support for Pompeo to be Secretary of State:pic.twitter.com/U7jFTWh71C Today I wrote a letter to Secretary Ross to explain the importance of our local newspapers and why we have to protect them.  … Great economic and environmental news for Greenville and Sheffield. $600k grants will help these communities safely clean up and sustainably reuse contaminated properties. … Thanks @AlabamaCRNAs for coming by today to talk about how we can expand access to care in Alabama and to combat the opioids crisis more effectively together.pic.twitter.com/LmYMgoyUiF Great companies. Thousands of jobs. Excellent pay. On-the-spot hiring. Don't miss the Automotive Hiring Fair, May 5 at Central High School! #jobs #careers #workforcedevelopment #westalabamapic.twitter.com/ggJYAN4cns Starting off today at the HELP Committee hearing on a comprehensive bipartisan bill that I’ve cosponsored to combat the opioid epidemic. Watch here:  …pic.twitter.com/CdWyregtja Thanks @katiecouric and @GoldsmithB for the great conversation today and for calling me a *young* Senator. The bar might be a little low, but I’ll take the compliment. Podcast episode coming out this Thursday - tune in!pic.twitter.com/QGZpLVyDHq Having the tools to detect threats is critical to our national security. Proud that @AuburnU is at the forefront of the effort to accomplish this important mission. … Thank you to @SenDougJones for meeting with us this week and discussing important fire/EMS issues. @CFSIUpdatepic.twitter.com/KP8mxxBEWn Glad to meet with several of our fire chiefs from Alabama today to talk about what I can do to support them as they serve our communities.pic.twitter.com/xb4UObEIGk $120 million economic investment + 746 news jobs at the new @AutocarTruck facility in Birmingham. Great news for Alabama's booming auto industry! … Another year at #1 for Alabama's First Class Pre-K program! Quality early education is vital for our children's future and our economy. … It was an honor to meet with Alabama Freedom Flight Veterans at the WWII Memorial today in Washington. On behalf of Alabama and our nation, I thank you all for your service.pic.twitter.com/hl8fXnh9eq Next week, the FCC will take the 1st steps toward ending #netneutrality -- a move that will undermine the principles of a free and open internet. Read my latest @Medium piece on the importance of saving net neutrality: … Proud to join my colleague, Senator Cassidy to introduce bipartisan, common-sense legislation that will save taxpayers millions:  … Couldn’t make it to the @BhamBarons game today, but I’m glad Louise was able to throw out the first pitch with this special young man, Austin Perine, who’s using his allowance to feed the homeless. Read more about his story here:  …pic.twitter.com/3PvT5dcbYo Wish I could be there today for the make-up game, but my better half Louise will still be there to cheer on the Barons! … Was really looking forward to throwing the first pitch tonight, but I hope to get back for another game soon! Stay safe everyone, and keep an eye out for flash flooding during the storms. … Finally, I am grateful for the capable service of the Alabama airmen who supported this mission in Syria last night. To them and their families, I share my continued appreciation for their sacrifices on behalf of all of us and to do so with the assistance of our allies.  It is my hope, as General Mattis stated last night, that Assad gets the message this time and that further action, which should be done with Congressional approval, will not be necessary. Bashar al-Assad's repeated use of chemical weapons on innocent civilians -- so many of them children -- was an atrocity and must be stopped.  I fully support the President’s actions last night to strategically target Assad’s capacity to use chemical weapons The future of our economy is dependent on having access to a free & open internet. That's why we have to work together to protect #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/1n3MygkvRB Doors are now open and I'm looking forward to talking soon with folks about #netneutrality … Great to be at UWA today talking about how we can expand high speed internet access to every region in the state. Broadband is key to building a competitive economy in the 21st century.pic.twitter.com/ZiTnajydQY This is first trip to this area since election for @SenDougJones, and it's to talk about tech improvements for rural Alabama #ALRuralTech Looking forward to talking about how we can expand rural broadband opportunities at UWA’s Rural Tech Summit today! … I hope I can count on seeing plenty of @UofAlabama students at the Ferguson Center today! Doors open at 2:30PM for our #netneutrality forum. Bring a friend and some good questions! See y'all soon. #RollTidepic.twitter.com/SfUfduAgMo Today I had a chance to talk w/CFPB's Acting Director Mick Mulvaney. I shared some serious concerns I have about the agency's willingness to protect Alabama consumers and fight back against pay discrimination. Watch here: … Talking now with the Black Women’s Health Imperative about the importance of healthcare for underserved communities … Hey @UofAlabama students! Tomorrow at 2:30 PM, doors open for a student forum I'm hosting about #netneutrality at the Ferguson Center theater. I hope I'll see y'all there! Full details here:  …. #RollTide Had a great meeting and open dialogue on equality this afternoon with members of the #GLASS Caucus. Thanks y’all for having me as a guest.pic.twitter.com/YwqlSfz69y Glad I got to meet with Dale and Aidan from @Alabama4H, who came by today to talk about the importance of 4-H programs for Alabama students. Thanks for the great conversation — and for making me stand up a bit taller in our photo together!pic.twitter.com/cNISKCbtRM – bei Russell Senate Building Thanks to the Alabama Grocers Association for stopping by my office today!pic.twitter.com/1oAepFVLBf Off to the HSGAC Committee hearing on FEMA preparedness. Watch here now as I ask about the latest on disaster response in Alabama:  … Tune in now: I'm joining my colleagues on the HELP Committee to talk about how we can combat the opioid crisis:  … Thank you @TimKaine @SenToddYoung @SenDougJones for their leadership and noting how job training & access to supports will remove barriers to employment and make a difference in people’s lives who have struggled w/ opioid addiction. #JobsPlusRecoveryAct … Tomorrow, we’ll talk about our proposal and more on combatting the opioid crisis in the Senate HELP Committee. Tune in live on Weds at 10am ET/9am CT:  … Research has shown that having consistent work improves the likelihood that addiction treatment will be successful. Through this job-training initiative, we are taking steps to help people thrive in recovery and break the dangerous cycle of addiction The opioid epidemic has devastated too many families across our country and in Alabama. That’s why I joined @timkaine and @SenToddYoung today to propose a pilot program that integrates job-training with addiction recovery.  … It's not every day you get to see Coach Saban and the entire @AlabamaFTBL team at the White House ... but somehow it feels like this does happen nearly every *year* #RollTidepic.twitter.com/zmQUoC3JPm Thank you @AmeriCorpsNCCC for sending a disaster response team to Etowah County to help with ongoing tornado recovery efforts. With so many dedicated folks pitching in, I am confident our impacted communities will rebuild stronger than before! 2/2: We have a duty to take action when women aren't compensated fairly for their work. That's why one of my first actions as Senator was to cosponsor the #PaycheckFairnessAct:  … 1/2: Women make up half of our workforce yet they only make 80 cents for every dollar their male counterparts earn across the country. In Alabama, the #paygap is even greater. Alabama women earn 74 cents on the dollar for the same work. #equalpayday It was great to stop by the @hudsonalpha Institute for Biotechnology this weekend in Huntsville to hear about how they're making a positive impact on our economy & advancing biotech research.pic.twitter.com/s7Cx1CXykx U.S. Sen. Doug Jones today announced $3.6 million in federal grant funding to replace outdated @BJCTAMAX buses. The upgrades will make public transportation more reliable, according to a statement from @SenDougJones. Congrats Jessica! You've already made Alabama proud, but we can't wait to see what you accomplish at @WestPoint_USMA and beyond. … Dr. King's influence extends to nearly every aspect of our lives today: where our children learn, where we work, and where we live. So much progress has been made in the 50 years since his death, but it's clear we've got plenty more work to do. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/YsZ2l2XpAV Fifty years after his passing this week, we must honor Dr. King’s legacy by working to ensure our nation lives up to its creed of dignity, respect, equality and justice. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/xCKCGShI4e Today, I'm honored to join @uofmemphis and @EricHolder for this celebration of Dr. King's remarkable life. Fifty years after his death, his legacy lives on in the hearts of all those who continue the fight for justice and equality. #MLK50 … Easter is a reminder of the power of redemption and renewal. We should aspire to those values as we reflect today. From my family to yours, Happy Easter to all those celebrating. Looking forward to joining @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC tomorrow morning from Birmingham. Check your local listings and tune in:  …. We have to be able to have open conversations if we are going to find common ground. Glad I had a chance to talk with @fmtalk1065 yesterday about an issue we need to take action on. … Great meeting today with Rear Admiral Thomas of the @USCG District 8 to learn about their mission and the important role they play in our national security.pic.twitter.com/cQfGprLN2M The Port of Mobile is responsible for thousands of jobs and billions in economic activity for Alabama. Making sure it’s growing is essential to keep building the economies of Mobile and our state as a whole.pic.twitter.com/5I4X7f862m We ask @SenDougJones how America can fix its problem with gun violence?  pic.twitter.com/txIxFtLdhe Great to talk to The Economist Asks podcast this week about how we move forward and find common ground to stem gun violence in America. The episode will be available tomorrow:  pic.twitter.com/vmLrI0PwmN Thanks to all 10,000 of y'all for keeping up with me on @Twitter!pic.twitter.com/7ai2Yk0Tuw For folks rebuilding in Jacksonville: please beware of scammers. Take steps to protect yourselves in the beginning: get multiple estimates, do your research, & don't make substantial payments up front. If you suspect contracting fraud, report it here:  …. Linda Brown was just a child when she helped to change the course of our nation's history. The courage shown by her & others in Brown v. Board of Education, helped end school segregation and set the stage for the Civil Rights Movement that followed. … Thank you for inviting me to join you. The Oxford PD have done an outstanding job helping those affected in the wake of the storm. … Thank you @SenDougJones for supporting investments in AL communities. We appreciate all that you did to save #CDBG and #HOME investments! … This is a good step by the Administration. Congress should also go on the record about this deadly accessory by passing legislation. … Yesterday, we heard young people raise their voices to demand action for safer communities. Let's continue that conversation by working together to find common ground and take steps we can all agree on. Here's where I believe we can start: … Spent time with folks in Jacksonville today who were hard hit by the tornado last week.  Such a resilient community — already working hard to rebuild even stronger!pic.twitter.com/wFS1BTdkFF Proud to support this agreement which provides funding for programs that will increase access to affordable health care, help our kids get a quality education, encourage job growth, and will benefit Alabamians from Decatur to Dothan.  … This is great news for Huntsville. A new, safer, and more efficient federal courthouse building is long overdue. … You can watch the video here as well: … HUD's proposed budget cuts programs that help support rural and urban communities alike. It also puts badly needed fixes for rural Alabama water infrastructure at risk. Read my full Q&A from today's Banking Committee hearing with @SecretaryCarson here:  … In the Senate’s latest spending bill, funding for HBCUs increased by 14 percent to $279.6 million for 2018.  Alabama's 15 #HBCUs are are integral to our world-class university system. Proud to say in today's omnibus spending bill we helped secure a 14% increase for both HBCUs & HB grad institutions. At the end of the day, we're all Americans who are united by a bond of shared values and love of country. Let's work together to find common ground where it exists, and begin to make our country a safer place.pic.twitter.com/CUTpoJRFKF Thanks y'all for joining me for my first speech on the Senate floor. I hope we can continue the dialogue and find common ground on this important issue. We have to have the courage to seize this moment. Let's work together to make it happen. I ask all of my colleagues to consider this question – what is our collective legacy as representatives of the American people and as the members of this hallowed institution? I believe it is to leave this body and our country better than we found it.pic.twitter.com/47GFo7gCyH We can seize this moment by changing the conversation and our country.    Let’s start a productive dialogue and work toward a comprehensive bill that includes ideas we should be able to agree on. There are already a half-dozen proposals in the Senate that have bipartisan support. I stand in that moment now.  So do you.  So does our country. I believe we have finally reached a tipping point regarding gun violence now. I wish I could turn back time and do something that would have prevented it altogether. Had I or anyone else had that moment, it might very well be one of those girls giving this speech today and not me. My career has been defined by prosecuting the killers of children. It was September 15, 1963, when a bomb placed outside the ladies lounge window of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham exploded, killing four beautiful young girls. pic.twitter.com/ZGtPDApVmU While I know that guns and gun control are difficult issues for this country, I can tell you they’re complicated for me, too. But as a Senator, a member of the legislative branch, I have many obligations. And I believe that the 1st obligation of gov't is to protect its citizens. Those two concepts are not mutually exclusive. We must acknowledge the deadly consequences that can follow when a gun is in the wrong hands, but also recognize and respect the freedom to own and enjoy guns by law-abiding citizens as guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the Constitution. In the wake of yet another mass shooting, and the rising voices of young people across the country, it is our responsibility – our duty – to have a serious discussion about guns and gun safety.  But that conversation has to be two-fold. Today, I rise to speak about an issue that has evaded broad bipartisan discussions and moderation -- an issue where folks quickly take sides and criticize anyone who disagrees.pic.twitter.com/WGRGzUDpbw I'm headed to the Senate floor now to give my first speech! You can tune in on CSPAN2 or at this link:  .pic.twitter.com/ktiGstgRhp Putting the final touches on my first Senate speech today. Join me in an hour at 1PM ET/12 PM CT:  .pic.twitter.com/Njapw2IjpD At 1PM Eastern/12PM Central today, I'll be heading to the Senate floor to give my first official speech. Tune in here:   Let’s all keep praying that no lives were lost during last night’s storm, but now it’s time to help our neighbors and friends whose homes, businesses, and schools were damaged or destroyed. … PLEASE stay away from downed power lines.   Don't drive over them. Don't pick them up. Don't walk across them. Don't approach to take a picture.  Just call us at 800-888-2726. #Safety Tornado Watch for Calhoun, Chilton, Clay, Coosa, St. Clair, Shelby and Talladega County in AL until 12:00am. INFO:   #alwx Folks in north Alabama — please stay safe during the severe weather today and check your local news for the latest updates. … Congresswoman Slaughter broke down barriers and blazed a trail throughout her three decades in Congress. My condolences to her family and the constituents she served so tirelessly. Strong public schools are the foundation for a brighter future for all of our communities. Happy #PublicSchoolsWeek!pic.twitter.com/1xuAk6ObjM Let's help our community banks and CU's focus on what they do best - making loans to Main Street, while letting federal regulators do what they do best - focus their limited resources on Wall Street. … Had a great talk with Bill Nye about continuing America’s role as the leader in space exploration and planetary science. He also promised to get me on the first flight to Mars. Louise said I could go, as long as it’s a one-way ticket.pic.twitter.com/1omGaIUQKP This is great news for the 16th St. Baptist Church, @bhamcivilrights, and many other significant Alabama historic sites. These federal funds will help preserve our civil rights history and honor the Alabamians who contributed greatly to that movement. … Finding common ground to prevent gun violence isn’t an easy task, but it's the right thing to do. I’m proud to co-sponsor @JohnCornyn & @ChrisMurphyCT bipartisan #FixNICS bill today. It's a commonsense step that is supported by 67 Senators. Let's get it done. Voting is the core of our democracy, but too often people face barriers accessing the ballot box. That’s why I’m joining @RepTerriSewell introduced legislation, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2017. Together we can #restorethevote  …pic.twitter.com/hYQKBSXKTC Absolutely heartbreaking. I'm praying for all the students and their families. … The Senate's @DHSgov authorization bill now includes my proposal for a new R&D program to help solve the shortage of threat-detecting canines. It will enhance our national security and @AuburnU is leading the way on this great work!  … Happy 106th Birthday to the @girlscouts! I'm proud that local chapters like @girlscoutssa @GirlScoutsNCA work hard to give girls in Alabama opportunities to build courage, confidence, and character. As First Lady, she was successful in securing the right to vote for Costa Rica's women. Soon, she'll turn 100 years young and is still living her life to the fullest. Happy early birthday, Henrietta! Happy #InternationalWomensDay! Today and every day, we honor the women who've broken down barriers. I was honored to meet one such woman today: Henrietta Boggs, a trailblazing Alabamian who helped lead a successful democratic revolution in Costa Rica and served as its First Lady.pic.twitter.com/8ltyb4MR8g Fifty-three years ago today, peaceful marchers in Selma were met with violence and hatred on #BloodySunday. We can never let the lessons from that day be lost on this generation. We've come a long way but we have miles to go.pic.twitter.com/jRQlnAIrA2 Thanks @SecAFOfficial for stopping by today. I'm looking forward to working with you to further strengthen Alabama's partnership with the @usairforce and to support our dedicated Airmen.pic.twitter.com/iEowJVJlMm Thanks for your great work to increase childhood nutrition — it’s the foundation for a good education and successful future for our Alabama students! … Just In: @USDOT announces $12.7 million grant for the Port of Mobile. Huge win for the Port and for South Alabama. This will serve as an engine of economic opportunity for the Mobile region!  … The privilege was all mine and you’re welcome back anytime. Thanks for all you do to keep the Anniston community safe. … Boys & Girls Clubs have advocated for our most vulnerable children for more than a century. Today we spoke about how we can work together to ensure every child in Alabama finds success.pic.twitter.com/aXcS9n69Mc Best wishes to my colleague @SenThadCochran, whose decades of service in the U.S. Senate span to when I was a young staffer working for Sen. Howell Heflin. We have no higher responsibility than to protect our children, that's why I'm co-sponsoring the bipartisan STOP School Violence Act of 2018.  … Take the message of this pilgrimage with you, otherwise it's a wasted trip. We all stand on the shoulders of Dr. King. #MLKPilgrimagepic.twitter.com/uMu088xZQa Honored to join civil rights hero Dr. Bernard Lafayette at the Coffee Shoppe on our way to the Edmund Pettus Bridge.pic.twitter.com/xY4N6MHkQe Excited to start today’s Bridge Crossing Jubilee by speaking at the Martin and Coretta King Beloved Unity Breakfastpic.twitter.com/JJwmzwieWy @SenDougJones talks w/ @DanaBashCNN about his Alabama roots and how he came to bring justice to those responsible for the #16thstreetbaptistchurch bombing. #MLKPilgrimagepic.twitter.com/Grh2P9J2st Proud to participate in this year’s @FaithNPolitics Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage. Starting today with the wreath-laying at 16th St. Baptist Church to honor the four little girls killed in the bombing.pic.twitter.com/eMrGhiLZa3 Just finished spending time with students @stairbirmingham! After seeing the incredible work they are doing firsthand, I encourage folks Birmingham to volunteer with this outstanding program:  …pic.twitter.com/M1PjM6kLBh I'm glad I'll finally get to visit with these talented 2nd graders in the @stairbirmingham program tomorrow to celebrate #ReadAcrossAmericaDay! … And it’s symbolic of Dr. King’s messages. To join the pilgrimage now as a United States Senator from Alabama -- and helping lead this delegation -- is very heartwarming to me. This weekend, I'll serve as co-host for the @FaithNPolitics Pilgrimage, which has become such an important part of the celebration of the Selma to Montgomery march. To see a number of congressional leaders coming from both parties is very, very symbolic. … Congratulations to Alabama farmers for an outstanding year! Looking forward to helping our state's largest industry continue to grow. … Thanks for inviting me to join you. Credit unions have contributed to the growth and development of strong communities both in my home state of Alabama and across our nation for generations. … Talladega College & INROADS Career Pathways Week is a perfect example of how our universities can help prepare Alabama students to succeed in the 21st century workforce. … NASA is coming to Bishop State! Click below to find out why! #bishopstate #bishop_rys18 … Alabama's HBCUs including five UNCF member institutions are a core foundation of our world-class university system. #uncfbham I want you to know that @UNCF and all of Alabama's Historically Black Colleges have an ally in the Senate.  #uncfbhampic.twitter.com/1yWy0vapbq I have always worked to have dialogues, not monologues. My advice to you, is to do the same. You can't find common ground and you can't find solutions, if you're unwillingly to engage with folks who might not agree with you. It's so exciting to see the engagement happening across Alabama & our country. We need your perspective & your enthusiasm. - AL YMCA Youth Legislature.pic.twitter.com/yl77zQb0dE Nothing better than spending an afternoon meeting with a whole room full of Alabama's future leaders at the YMCA Youth Legislature.pic.twitter.com/a3MRG3iYfz Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville is home to thousands of men and women working in national defense, federal law enforcement and, yes, even space exploration. It was fascinating to tour the base today and get a firsthand look at the innovative work they’re doing to keep us safe.pic.twitter.com/YCuzWFkjaL You have to meet with your constituents where they are — and sometimes that means you just need to take a knee. These kids are participating in a federally funded childcare program at @NWSCC that supports their parents as they’re working to earn a degree.pic.twitter.com/TwXboxhFgp The talented Airmen I met today are the heart of this operation. I’m glad I had the opportunity to see them at work and to swap stories over barbecue at lunch.pic.twitter.com/UhNL4j7CeO Touring a KC-135 was one of the highlights of my morning — even if they wouldn’t let me take it for a spin! Thanks to the base leadership for hosting me today and letting me know how I can help support its sustainability and growth in Alabama.pic.twitter.com/3UX9ud0rc1 Started my day in Birmingham with the Alabama Air Guard’s 117th Air Refueling Wing. These Airmen are working hard every day to keep our country safe.pic.twitter.com/fq9dUwaK5g When you go to Selma, make sure you get an expert like Mayor @DarrioM to show you around. Walking through town, you feel its history — and it reminds me of the work left to be done to make sure every American is treated equally and with dignity.pic.twitter.com/kWiD6Ujw0F Thanks @BishopState for welcoming me yesterday. I was so impressed by your computer app coding program, your talented students, and all the great plans you have for the future. It was great to hear how I can best support BSCC and all of our HBCUs.pic.twitter.com/Aq1DidFAsS Where economic development meets national security — it was great to get an up-close look at Austal’s ship production facility in Mobile this afternoon.pic.twitter.com/4yGHGNXJrC Getting briefed at @Austal_USA in Mobile before we head out to tour the shipyard.pic.twitter.com/yEFBxF7j9e This morning, I hit the road for a week-long tour across Alabama. Talked to a few of our great morning radio hosts on the way to Mobile!pic.twitter.com/XS2tLvSo1p Last fall, DHS alerted 21 states that their elections were targeted by hackers in 2016. Our adversaries, including Russia, will not stop trying to influence our elections. We must accept this reality and take steps to protect our 2018 elections immediately. What we should understand is that this isn't just about attempts to tamper with election equipment and alter ballots. It's about Russia's intention to manipulate public opinion, create chaos, and undermine the values that we share as Americans—to make us doubt our institutions. If you care about election integrity, this should absolutely get your attention. … I'll be visiting with folks about issues that impact our communities -- from healthcare and education to jobs and defense. Just announced my first official week-long state tour in Alabama. I'm looking forward to getting out to Mobile, Selma, Centreville, Birmingham, Muscle Shoals, Huntsville, and Montgomery next week. Follow along on Twitter! Thanks to Alabamian @RyanKinder for stopping by this week to talk about the importance of a bipartisan bill I’ve co-sponsored to protect songwriters and ensure we get more great music like this for years to come. #StandWithSongwriterspic.twitter.com/hrADGcxcNR Bipartisanship is a word that folks like to say, but it’s tough work. We're committed to making positive change & bringing more of our colleagues to the table for the tough conversations ahead. Read my full statement here:  … This resolution honors their sacrifice, their commitment to economic equality, and their often overlooked, but essential, contribution to the Civil Rights Movement. In 1968, after enduring years of poor working conditions and low pay, 1,300 African-American sanitation workers in Memphis risked their livelihoods and joined together to put an end to the discrimination they faced every day at their jobs. Right now on the Senate floor, I'm joining @SenAlexander to introduce a resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Memphis sanitation workers' strike -- an historic event in the Civil Rights Movement. This is bipartisanship at work. Together, our Common Sense Coalition has proposed a bill that will both protect DREAMers and strengthen our borders. This group gives me hope that we can continue to work together on the many more challenges we face.pic.twitter.com/esyGkDR7Pj It was great to meet with you, @DrMichaelLomax. HBCUs are a core part of our higher education system in Alabama and I look forward to working with you to make sure they have the tools to succeed. … Missed our live conversation this morning? Listen here: … Great conversation with @rachelnpr about how we can find consensus in the Senate to protect #Dreamers and strengthen our borderspic.twitter.com/12pfRyvZjP This announcement is another positive step towards restoring our natural habitats after the tremendous damage caused by the Deepwater Horizon Spill … History lesson of the day: More than a decade before New Orleans was founded, Mobile was celebrating the first #MardiGras. Happy #FatTuesday, everyone! #Alabama The women who survived Rob Porter's abuse were brave to speak up. Like others who have come forward, they've inspired women who have felt ashamed and scared to share the truth. Now, it’s on the White House to step up and show leadership in protecting victims of assault. Abusers have to be held accountable and this is a moment where the White House can send that message loud and clear. I hope they step up, but as a Congress & as a nation, we cannot look the other way. Today, victims have found their voices and I stand w/them to call for justice. Great speaking with my friend @JeffWVTM13 today about my 1st month in office & working across the aisle to pass legislation that will help Alabama.pic.twitter.com/vneBqAQzeM Thanks for stopping by, @SpaceCampCEO! I'm not sure I'd choose freeze-dried ice cream over the real thing, but I guess that's why I'm a senator and not an astronaut.pic.twitter.com/NqJwy3fuqe Proud to introduce bipartisan legislation that will help Alabama businesses, cut bureaucratic red tape and create jobs.  … The House Defense funding bill would cost major employers in Alabama 100s of millions of dollars & could lead to layoffs. By rejecting that bill today, and as a result of yesterday's Senate compromise, we can take action on the Senate's bipartisan bill, which is better for AL. Great meeting today with Chris Reynolds & Stephen Ciccone from Toyota to discuss the new Huntsville plant & how we can work together to continue growing Alabama’s booming automotive sector.pic.twitter.com/63FTnEGmgk This long-term funding agreement is important because it shows that bipartisan efforts work – and they are the only way we can move forward together to solve our biggest challenges. @mynbc15pic.twitter.com/kzgrmPDXct This is a strong, bipartisan bill that invests Alabama’s priorities like community health centers, #CHIP & our military. I encourage my colleagues in the House to pass it, so we can move forward together to address the important challenges we face.   … Community Health Center funding expired in September 2017. Congress must reauthorize it immediately to make sure these centers can continue to serve the 9 million Americans who rely on them for health care. #RedAlert4CHCspic.twitter.com/RdQE1Yfrc1 Great to meet with the AL Primary Health Care Association today to discuss the importance of extending funding for our vital community health centers. Funding expired in Sept 2017 — without it, 350k Alabamians are at risk of losing their access to care.pic.twitter.com/jUNLYMQuvY Last night, I called on Senate leadership to extend funding for our Community Health Centers. If Congress doesn't act, 350k Alabamians are at risk of losing access to health care:  …pic.twitter.com/AQrNn2UE6h We've got to do all we can do to level the playing field -- this bill is a strong step in that direction. #PaycheckFairness … Rosa Parks’ legacy lives in the progress that we’ve seen in our country. But if she was with us today, she would remind us there is still much that remains to be done. We can honor her and all those who fought for equality by continuing that work. #RosaParksDay #BlackHistoryMonth It’s been one month since I was sworn into the US Senate. Alabama — it is a privilege to serve you and to be your voice in Washington. Happy #BlackHistoryMonth!pic.twitter.com/d3q54gJjNC Louise and I are praying for all those impacted by today’s tragic train accident in Virginia. We’re thankful to hear our Alabama delegation is safe, and grateful for the first responders who are helping the injured. Thanks @almedassoc for inviting me to stop by today to talk about issues we all care deeply about — supporting our rural hospitals and expanding access to quality healthcare and telemedicine.pic.twitter.com/E27XOfF5CP It's been 5 decades since the Equal Pay Act of 1963 & women still make an average of 80 cents for every dollar earned by a man. Proud to join my colleagues to co-sponsor The Paycheck Fairness Act.pic.twitter.com/wYmE691MtJ I’m hoping and expecting that the President will deliver a presidential address, not a campaign address…I’m hoping he’s going to reach across the aisle. #SOTU … "Tone is going to be very important for him to try to reach out to Democrats and Republicans alike to try to make sure we're working together. This is not just a fight, not just a battle between one faction or another but something we can do as Americans"  -@SenDougJones on #SOTUpic.twitter.com/i7JWU6mpay Looking forward to joining @CBSThisMorning in a few minutes to talk about what I’d like to hear in tonight’s State of the Union. #SOTUpic.twitter.com/r9oL0v3xD4 Good luck to the @ASUHornetNation @aamuedu and @milescollege marching bands! I know you'll represent Alabama well at the Battle of the Bands tomorrow. #HBOB … Military spouses serve our country in their own very important way. Thank you for all you do to support our men and women in uniform as they work hard to protect all of our families. … While I may not be as musically gifted as you two, I am a big fan of good music -- so much of which comes from Alabama's proud musical tradition. Glad to join this effort to protect our songwriters and ensure plenty more great music for years to come. … .@SenDougJones explains why he voted against the government shutdown: "It was 150,000 kids in Alabama who were getting pink slips that they were about to lose their health care. I could not afford to let that happen” @abc3340 #C2Cpic.twitter.com/BzIGwtpKod It was great to meet with these Alabamians today who are committed to supporting at-risk youth through mentorship programs. Welcome to DC and keep up the great work on behalf of Alabama’s kids.pic.twitter.com/CSZXeLMWP8 Thanks for the great conversation — and the coffee!pic.twitter.com/zQilNosV14 Tune in tomorrow morning to @MorningEdition on @NPR at 7am ET / 6am CT where I’ll be talking about the way forward after the shutdown and how Senate moderates are working together to find common ground. See you in the morning, @NPRinskeep. The Senate still needs to pass a long-term funding plan that addresses the many critical issues facing our nation, but I'm pleased to announce we were able to rise above partisan politics and find consensus:pic.twitter.com/5Bycn3xKi0 Headed to more bipartisan talks this morning with @timkaine and @JeffFlake. We’re working to find common ground and end the #shutdown immediately.pic.twitter.com/7lZo1Iibm9 I've participated in discussions w/ colleagues from both sides that have focused on finding a bipartisan path forward to keep the gov't operating. I'm encouraged by the comments made by @SenateMajLdr acknowledging our efforts & the broad interest in finding common ground Today I called on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to hold a vote on a measure to ensure U.S. military Service-members and their families will continue to be paid during the federal government shutdown:pic.twitter.com/S5KFMQAE6W Around the world and here at home, our military and their families continue to serve during the #shutdown. @SenateMajLdr should stop blocking @clairecmc’s bill -which I cosponsored - that ensures they will still get paid for their sacrifices on our behalf. A functioning American government isn’t negotiable. We need to find common ground to end this shutdown immediately. I’ll be working every day until we get the gov’t running again, so we can get back to the important work our constituents expect us to do. "Because of CHIP and the many families in Alabama and around our country that would be put in jeopardy by a government shutdown, I felt compelled to vote yes." -Senator Jones statement on the federal government shutdown.pic.twitter.com/a9YJhVJG9G I couldn’t agree more, @SenateMajLdr. Kids aren’t a political bargaining chip. But the rest of my message was that Congress should have renewed CHIP months ago. … “In Alabama like many rural states, our rural health care is disappearing.  We need to work together to address immediate health care needs for people in those communities.” … Sen. Jones questions witnesses about the role of pharmaceutical companies in the nation’s opioid crisis during his first Committee on Homeland Security & Government Accountability hearing.pic.twitter.com/WsdC41Soio Louise & I are praying for the family and friends of long-time State Representative George Bandy, who passed away this morning. We are grateful for the legacy he built as he served the communities of Lee and Russell, and our state, with honor and integrity for more than 20 years. … Today I signed on to protect #NetNeutrality. It's the right thing to do for Alabama consumers & our small businesses.pic.twitter.com/Ggtoat8rh2 “We have a responsibility to continue fighting for the American dream, Dr. King’s dream … to ensure that we live up to the ideas of equality & justice … it means that children growing up in every community should have the same opportunities to succeed.”   More than 150k Alabama children depend on #CHIP. Let's do right by them and pass the Keep Kids' Insurance Dependable and Secure Act. … "The challenge should not just be on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr Day. The challenge is working everyday to ensure every Alabamian & every American has an equal opportunity for success." - 2018 MLK Wreath Laying Ceremony at Kelly Ingram Parkpic.twitter.com/eXm5I90X1d "We must use this moment to do more than just remember those who came before us. To truly honor their legacies, we must continue to do as Dr. King would do, and reject hatred, violence and fear. We need to listen and learn from one another." - Senator Jones "Together, we have a responsibility to continue fighting for the American Dream and to honor the legacy of those who came before us by working to ensure Alabama, and our nation, live up to the ideas of equality and justice that we hold so dear." - Senator Jones "For more than three decades, these breakfasts have served as an opportunity for people to come together to remember the sacrifices made by so many in the ongoing struggle for equality and opportunity." - Senator Jones Senator Jones joins the city of Birmingham for the 32nd annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Unity Breakfastpic.twitter.com/k53GyGNFDo Didn't have much luck this morning but it was great seeing sunrise over the ridge in Bibb County.pic.twitter.com/HRSeKctmeO Senator Jones is live on @WBRCgoodday discussing his 1st co-sponsored bill which funds #CHIP & protects healthcare for 150k Alabama kids.pic.twitter.com/4lizqwSDss #TuneIn to the Senator on @WIAT42 w/ Art Franklin as they discuss his support of #CHIP legislation & the importance of the Toyota/Mazda plant for Alabama.pic.twitter.com/upDZvnUPAb I've said all along to that my top priority was to protect the children who depend on #CHIP. Today I'm proud to announce the 1st bill I'll co-sponsor does just that:pic.twitter.com/PX8RXVdTT3 Today's announcement that Toyota/Mazda will invest $1.4B to create 4k new jobs sends a message to companies everywhere that Alabama is open for businesspic.twitter.com/f5rggnbrgI Today marks one week since @SenTinaSmith and I were sworn in as United States Senators. I’m excited to work with her and all of my Senate colleagues to find common ground and move our country forward. Don't want to offend the cat constituency, but Senator Jones is a dog person: … Welcome to the HELP Committee, @SenTinaSmith and @SenDougJones. Looking forward to working with you to help combat the opioid crisis and ensure the health and well-being of all our people. Welcome to the Committee, @SenDougJones! We’re thrilled to have you on the dais. … Big news for Alabama: Senator Doug Jones has been appointed to the Senate Committees on Banking, HELP, Homeland Security, and Agingpic.twitter.com/C3CLPTDBQl Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on a historic 17th national championship title. We'd like to officially invite you to our office for a tour of the Capitol when you come to the White House. … #RollTide … Not in sweet home Alabama but it sure feels like it. Thanks @alalumnidc and Willie's Brew & Quepic.twitter.com/HCrhJ4RSBh Had to be in Washington for Senate business, but tonight's all about @AlabamaFTBL! #RollTide #NationalChampionshippic.twitter.com/FK2yaK8INi More than 150,000 children in Alabama are at risk of losing their access to health insurance. It's time for Congress to work together to #ExtendCHIP … "It is time to come together and rebuild the trust we need to find common ground and expand opportunity for all." - Senator Doug Jonespic.twitter.com/rJ0rq4GvkR Shout out to @Outdoor_Alabama for providing the beautiful photo of Bayou la Batre, Alabama Hello Twitter! Welcome to the official account for Senator Doug Jones. Follow us to see the latest.pic.twitter.com/mwTIunRIHK 