Senators Dick Durbin and Tammy Duckworth presented a letter with 1,433 signatures in support of Dr. Christine Blasey Ford.  The signatures are from men and women who grew up in the same areas as Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford.  Trump just made clear that he’d rather cover his eyes + cower to his base than find out if his SCOTUS nominee has sexually assaulted women. Sickening though not entirely surprising words from a man who himself has admitted to predatory behavior… … This report shows exactly why we need to do everything we can to protect the health of the #GreatLakes and the thousands of jobs it supports. … This behavior is absolutely horrifying. There MUST be an immediate FBI investigation into Judge Kavanaugh's conduct & Mark Judge MUST be subpoenaed to testify before the Senate if necessary. I thank Julie for her courage & urge ppl to treat her with the respect she deserves. … Just joined @SenatorDurbin to show our support for and solidarity with Dr. Christine Blasey Ford. You can watch here:  … The #GlobalGagRule hurts women and girls in developing countries around the world, negatively impacts their health, restricts economic opportunities and prevents many from ever achieving full equality. We can and should be a global leader on this. #WCD2018 Incarcerated individuals who stay in touch w/ loved ones are more likely to be productive members of society after they're released. That's why I intro'ed legislation to lower exorbitant prison call rates, which are ripping off families. Thanks @BobWoodson for highlighting this: … That is a HIGHLY irresponsible response to serious allegations of sexual misconduct. We are considering a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. It's critical that Ms. Ramirez's allegations are investigated by the FBI & I thank her for the courage she has shown by coming fwd. … Heartbroken reading through these #WhyIDidntReport stories. To each survivor out there: you deserve better. You deserve to be heard. And I promise that I’m gonna keep fighting for you, today and every other day, too. Thanks for having me on to discuss the challenges working parents face & why it's so important to create a national family leave policy, ensure every American has access to affordable childcare services & require airports to provide nursing moms w/ clean, private lactation rooms. … This is EXACTLY why Dr. Ford didn't want to come forward. She’s been subjected to death threats, had to re-locate her family & now the President is attacking her. This is NOT how to establish a culture in which people feel comfortable sharing their #MeToo stories It’s b/c of disgusting attacks like this that many victims of sexual trauma don't feel comfortable coming fwd. Sadly, I expect nothing more from a man who has been accused of sexual assault by multiple women & admitted to engaging in predatory behavior:  … … My colleagues & I wrote to Donald Trump this week reminding him of his obligation to serve all American citizens. Instead of sending callous tweets that are beneath the dignity of his office, he should focus on how to speed up the recovery: … 1 yr ago, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico & the US Virgin Islands. Parts of Puerto Rico have not recovered & many families are still living in makeshift shelters, but Donald Trump is spending his time denying the reality that nearly 3,000 Americans died. We’ve GOT to find ways for every mom-to-be & new mom to access good, affordable health care so that no other woman dies a preventable death on what should be the most special day of her life. My piece for @FortuneMagazine on how we can—and must—do better: … B/c I’ve seen the stats: America is the ONLY developed nation whose rate of women dying from pregnancy-related causes is still rising, with 60% of these deaths deemed preventable. Meanwhile, the numbers for women of color are somehow even worse. That’s heartbreaking—and shameful. When I gave birth to Maile this past April, I became the first Senator to have a child while serving in office. But through my nine months of pregnancy—and my time in labor—I wasn’t thinking about making history. I was thinking about staying healthy. (thread) During WWII, 13,000+ brave Chinese-Americans volunteered to protect their fellow Americans. They faced outright discrimination and their heroism was largely ignored.   I’m glad the Senate unanimously passed our bill to award these Veterans a Congressional Gold Medal. … The opioid epidemic has taken far too many lives. In 2017, we lost more than 72,000 sons & daughters. This bipartisan legislation is a much-needed step that will help combat this devastating epidemic & help curb opioid addiction before it starts. … We learned in the military that victims of sexual trauma don't feel safe to report what happened if they are unable to do it anonymously without fear of retaliation. We must respect & listen to Dr. Ford, not attack her credibility because she wanted to maintain her privacy. We should not ridicule victims of sexual assault, but support & listen. Dr. Ford has shown a lot of courage by coming forward. The Senate needs to set an example by taking these allegations very seriously, not sweeping them under the rug.   "I hope that she gets a fair hearing and that we give her a chance to really talk about and tell her story." - Sen. Tammy Duckworth says she is "encouraged" that Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's accuser will testify in a public hearing.  pic.twitter.com/cF4xI78mNc "This is the United States Senate. If we don't take this seriously, then who will in the rest of this country? We have to set an example for the rest of the nation that we will not dismiss a victim's claims." —@SenDuckworth on #MTPDaily about allegations against Judge Kavanaugh IL students: Are you interested in attending one of our nation’s service academies? You have until Sept. 28th to submit your completed applications to my office! Learn more here: … These allegations are disturbing and deserve to be investigated before Kavanaugh’s nomination moves forward. The Senate Judiciary Cmte must delay Thursday’s scheduled vote on his confirmation. Thank you, Dr. Ford, for bravely coming forward to share your story. … Despite facing outright discrimination, this brave group of Veterans volunteered to risk their lives to protect their fellow Americans during WWII.  I’m proud my colleagues from both sides of the aisle have chosen to honor their unwavering commitment. I’m excited the Senate has unanimously approved a bipartisan bill I introduced with @maziehirono to recognize the sacrifices made by more than 13,000 Chinese-American WWII Veterans by authorizing Congress to award them a Congressional Gold Medal. Over 1.5 million Illinois children 12 and under would qualify for this program, which would cost no more than $34 per week for Illinois families. Let’s pass this bill and make affordable #ChildCare4All a reality for all Americans. One year ago today, I was proud to join @PattyMurray in introducing the Child Care for Working Families Act – legislation that would help keep working parents in the workforce by increasing access to quality, affordable child care. #ChildCare4Allpic.twitter.com/8SYQsXmKoo Congratulations @DrLeanaWen, @PPFA’s first AAPI President. I look forward to working with you to protect reproductive rights and ensure every woman can access quality health care. … Talked to @voguemagazine about how I earned my wheelchair, the odd jobs I worked as a teenager to help put food on the table, and how lucky I am to be a mother and a US Senator. You can read it here: … “It doesn’t matter if I am tired. I am going to show up every day and fight. If that means I have to crawl to get a vote, I am going to do it.” —@SenDuckworth  With students heading back to school, @RepCohen & I are introducing commonsense legislation to make school buses safer & ensure every school bus has seat belts + latest automatic braking technology. Nothing is more important than protecting our children  … … For over a decade, CICIG has demonstrated results in Guatemala. Human rights abuses & public corruption take time to root out, and I’m extremely concerned by these efforts to defang a respected, UN-backed body working in the interest of Guatemala's people. … As the school year begins, let’s not forget the teachers throughout Illinois and across our nation who reach into their own wallets to help make sure their students are prepared to succeed. … US Sen. Tammy Duckworth tours Metra’s 47th Street facility, where it rehabs cars and locomotives. This is inside a car shell — it’s floor is being replaced ⁦@SenDuckworth⁩ ⁦@Metra⁩pic.twitter.com/t7Gs003xSd I was proud to join @AmeriCorps members today to discuss the importance of service and help pack groceries for Veterans in need at the @ChicagoVAMC food pantry … This year and every year, let us all honor the memories of those who died by continuing our work to ensure the legacy of 9/11 exemplifies the resilience of the American people and our ability to help one another through service. Seventeen years after the horrific terrorist attacks of  #September11th, 2001, we remember those lost that day. I’ve reviewed Brett Kavanaugh’s record - his rulings have repeatedly favored Big Oil over our farmers and the renewable fuels they produce. I wrote to the @qctimes on why Illinois farmers deserve better: … Great to see Girl Scouts launching 30 badges to help provide even more opportunities for girls to lead through environmental advocacy, space, science, robotics & more … If u or someone u know is thinking of suicide, don’t hesitate to reach out to the Suicide Prevention Lifeline at (800) 273-8255 for confidential support 24/7. Veterans can reach the Veterans Crisis Line by pressing 1 or visiting   #WorldSuicidePreventionDay I asked Brett Kavanaugh if he think it's ok to fire someone just because of their sexual orientation.  He refused to say no.pic.twitter.com/lOoVkjfdY3 Throughout his career, Judge Kavanaugh has consistently ruled against the disability community. I have no doubt he will make it harder for us to fight discrimination and access quality health care and education if confirmed to the Supreme Court.  … #SCOTUS L'Shana Tovah and happy new year to all celebrating Rosh Hashanah!pic.twitter.com/JSJBe7B03e Proud to have my staff join @AldermanHarris at her annual back to school parade and jamboree today. It’s important to support and encourage our youth as they start the new school yearpic.twitter.com/j1cj8IGzXc I enjoyed speaking with students from Lake Forest and Lake Bluff yesterday. They were full of questions about the Capitol and the most pressing issues facing our nation.pic.twitter.com/Xx8ehdKXBA So glad to meet with the @ILFarmBureau yesterday and have a great discussion on how to support Illinois farmers by protecting the RFS and crop insurance.pic.twitter.com/V8r2Qmyj5H Duh... cc Brett Kavanaugh … I spoke with @gretamjohnsen of @NerdettePodcast about the difficulties I’ve faced as a working mom, my obsession with extreme couponing and why we need more women in Congress. Listen here: … Jocelyn Bell Burnell's work led to the discovery of pulsars in 1967, but her male supervisor won the Nobel Prize for the breakthrough. A half-century later, the scientific field recognizes another hidden figure.  pic.twitter.com/YhlFnpDWqt I spoke out about Judge Kavanaugh’s troubling record when it comes to the rights of Americans with disabilities in TIME this week—take a look here: … Thank you @Tuesdaywithliz for testifying in defense of freedom for Americans with disabilities. I share your alarm about Judge Kavanaugh’s record of dismissing the right of individuals w/intellectual disabilities to have their voices heard when it comes to health care decisions … So while Scott Pruitt was trying to block data&analysis from informing EPA's rulemaking, he was also drastically increasing the amount of taxpayer $ wasted on his unnecessary personal security detail w/o conducting any threat assessments #draintheswamp … We cannot go back to the days when women were criminalized for making decisions about their own bodies, insurance companies could deny you health care, or when being a mother was a pre-existing condition. This fight is so important for many of us whose future hangs in the balance Today I joined my colleagues to discuss #WhatsAtStake if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed. Roe v Wade could be overturned, which could prevent women like me from having children through IVF. The ACA could be struck down, which would hurt those of us w/ pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/LGWpGilmP5 That contradicts science and provides a DANGEROUS indication of how he would vote if he is confirmed to the Supreme Court #WhatsAtStake … I know there’s a lot of breaking news, but don’t let this fly under the radar: Trump is still imprisoning children they so cruelly ripped away from their parents in violation of court orders - and now they’re trying to circumvent 20 years of child welfare & treatment standards. … I’m about to join @PattyMurray & @SenTinaSmith & women from across the country to discuss #WhatsAtStake for women’s health with the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. You can watch online here: … ...in a failed attempt to stop the EPA from protecting the air we breathe  … Every American should read Judge Kavanaugh’s dissent in EPA v. EME Homer City Generation that advanced his extreme interpretation of the Clean Air Act (an interpretation the Supreme Court later reversed)... Every American should read Judge Kavanaugh’s dissent in Garza v. Hargan that advanced his extreme view (and thankfully losing view) that the Federal Government can force a child to have a baby  … ...and control what content you may see:  … Every American should read Judge Kavanaugh’s dissent in U.S. Telecom Association v. FCC that advanced his extreme (and incorrect) view that #NetNeutrality violates the First Amendment rights of your broadband provider to discriminate against consumers... Americans do not have to guess what type of Justice Judge #Kavanaugh might turn out to be in the future – they can simply read his own words to reveal an extreme jurist who will threaten internet freedom, threaten women’s freedoms and endanger public health 1/ Thank you, @fred_guttenberg, for courageously honoring your daughter Jaime by fighting to protect all of our children from gun violence. … One year ago today, President Trump announced he was ending the #DACA program. With the stroke of a pen, he could fix it and give #Dreamers the future they deserve in the only country they call home. #SaveDACApic.twitter.com/sCY74IZRvg And the Trump Administration is HIDING hundreds of thousands  more from the American people. This is not transparency. #WhatsAtStake … Here's why @JudiciaryDems are asking to adjourn the hearing: 93% of the records from Kavanaugh’s tenure in the White House as counsel and staff secretary are being withheld from the Senate and 96% of the records are being withheld from the public. #WhatsAtStake On this & every #LaborDay, we celebrate & honor the countless brave American workers who fought & sacrificed to increase wages, improve workplace conditions, protect the middle class, push back on workplace discrimination & secure benefits like FMLA & the right to organize If there’s nothing disqualifying about Kavanaugh’s time as a Bush WH staffer, WHY are they hiding his records?? … I will forever treasure the privilege of working with him in the Senate, even if it was only for a short time. I hope the heights he reached & the life he led can be a lesson to us all about the power of perseverance and the ability of every American to overcome any challenge. Today, I said my final goodbye to an American hero, U.S. Senator John McCain, as he laid in state at the U.S. Capitol. John’s perseverance through years of torture and solitary confinement taught those of us recovering warriors at Walter Reed that we too could overcome anything. I’m going to keep working to end the hunger epidemic and help make sure that no other parent has to collect change from telephone booths to feed their kids. The FSA was a huge step in the right direction & families like mine were better equipped to survive b/c of it. But we still haven’t solved this issue. Even now there are 40m+ Americans who still struggle with hunger, including 25% of the Veterans who served in Afghanistan & Iraq. No child should have to wake up unsure if they’ll be able to eat that day. No parent should have to stay up at night wondering how they’ll possibly be able to both put food on the table and pay the heating bill. I remember anxiously waiting for my dad to tell us whether he’d found enough spare change left in public phone booths for me and my brother to be able to afford the 25 cent school lunch the next day. To this day, I remember going to the grocery store with my parents and counting out the last five $1 food stamps to buy as much white bread and bologna as possible—then praying that we’d have enough to last the week. I know what it’s like to have to struggle for every bite of food. After my dad lost his job when I was a teenager, food stamps helped keep me, my brother and my parents from going to bed hungry—and for that I’m forever grateful. 54 years today, LBJ signed the #FoodStampAct into law, helping change the lives of families down and out on their luck who’d previously been forced to choose between paying rent and paying for groceries. 1/ It was so great to meet you yesterday, Kristin! … I’m proud to join Senator @PattyMurray and 42 of our colleagues in speaking out against U.S. Department of Education Secretary DeVos’ reported plan to use taxpayer dollars to arm teachers … Introducing more guns into schools and classrooms is likely to lead to more, not less, violence … Americans deserve an opportunity to know critical information about a nominee for a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land, a position where he could reshape their life & potentially weaken our constitutional rights. I wrote to @senjudiciary asking for relevant records from Kavanaugh’s time as a Bush WH staffer to be publicly shared: … Judge Kavanaugh appears to have participated in a dark chapter of our nation’s history during the Bush Admin’s use of torture and cruel, inhumane treatment of prisoners – and he misled the Senate about it when he testified UNDER OATH in 2006. And it’s one reason why I’m proud to support @SenKamalaHarris’ Maternal CARE Act, which invests in implicit bias training for medical professionals & integrated health care services to pregnant and new mothers. #ListentoBlackWomen #BlackMaternalMortality … When black mothers try to receive care, their symptoms and pains are ignored by our health care system too often.   That’s one reason why black women in the U.S. are 3 to 4 times more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than white women. #BlackMaternalMortalitypic.twitter.com/RhCDPtG0fU This unseemly pay-to-play arrangement raises serious conflict-of-interest q's & may be a violation of lobbying disclosure laws. I wrote to the Dept of Energy to get more information on their contacts with Cohen & how this loan application is being handled: … Before he pleaded guilty to multiple felonies, former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen reportedly lobbied the Trump Admin to approve a $5 BILLION loan for a major Trump donor’s project. That donor also reportedly agreed to pay Cohen $10 mil if he was successful  Michael Cohen in more trouble? @SenDuckworth intensifies scrutiny of former Trump lawyer's alleged "pay-to-play arrangement" with nuclear plant developer who wants DOE to approve his $5 billion loan guarantee application. … Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his historic “I Have a Dream” speech 55 years ago today in 1963.   Let’s honor his legacy by working to expand voting rights, reform our criminal justice system, combat poverty, and deliver economic justice. … Kavanaugh’s distorted view of the 1st Amendment & #NetNeutrality is dangerously anti-consumer & would turn back the clock on protecting consumers from predatory actions by cable companies. It’s no secret that people of color in underserved communities are disproportionally impacted by gun violence in Chicago - which is unacceptable. From employment opportunities to trauma care, these communities need investments … This will make it easier for hard-working students from every corner of the state to attend Illinois’ flagship university.  I’m glad @Illinois_Alma has taken action to help keep more of these students in our state. … I joined @allinwithchris to talk about one of my personal heroes, @SenJohnMcCain, and how he always put his country first and ahead of his own personal interests. Watch here:pic.twitter.com/wuxfBluCGs Sen. Tammy Duckworth remembers her colleague and one of her "personal heroes," Senator John McCain.  I'll be joining @allinwithchris around 8:40 pm ET/7:40 pm CT to discuss the legacy of Senator John McCain, a true American hero.pic.twitter.com/gNBKcJlL5q I joined @NPR today to share the story of when I first met Senator John McCain at Walter Reed Medical Center, where I was recovering after being severely wounded in Iraq. You can listen here → … Beautiful, moving words from late @SenJohnMcCain: "Do not despair of our present difficulties. We believe always in the promise and greatness of America, because nothing is inevitable here. Americans never quit. We never surrender. We never hide from history. We make history." … This is good—and another reminder that we’re only in this position because the Trump Administration decided to allow blueprints for undetectable, untraceable printable firearms to be published in the first place. … A citizenship question like this would make immigrant communities less likely to respond, leading to harmful reductions in federal resources and Congressional representation. … This is just so sad. My heart goes out to the loved ones, families and friends of the victims. … 98 years ago, women were finally given the right to vote. On #WomensEqualityDay, let’s celebrate the successes of our predecessors and continue to push for full equality of all women … I hope the heights he reached and the life he led can be a lesson to us all about the power of perseverance and the ability of every American to overcome any challenge and make our country a better place. I will forever treasure the privilege of working with John McCain in the Senate—even if it was only for a short time—and I will be forever grateful for the sacrifices he made in service to the greatest country the world has ever known. His integrity and commitment to putting country above all else as an elected official is an example I have tried to embrace during the comparatively short time I have had the honor of holding political office. He joked that he and I both flew into a missile and that didn’t take much skill. It’s what you do afterwards that matters. His unyielding optimism showed me there was a way to continue serving my country and to advance the core values of the nation that we both fought to protect. His refusal to give up in the face of adversity inspired me when I was a mission-less helicopter pilot with no legs recovering at Walter Reed. In fact, I met him there for the first time when he visited us Wounded Warriors. Throughout his life – as a Naval Aviator, a Prisoner of War who endured years of torture, a Congressman, and a six-term Senator – John repeatedly showed how anything is possible when armed with determination, a deep sense of patriotism and an unbreakable will. My heart is heavy today as I join countless Americans across our country in mourning the loss of one of our nation’s greatest leaders and statesmen, one of my personal heroes, @SenJohnMcCain. … Thinking of and sending my best wishes to American Hero John McCain and his family today. … Big gate expansion at @fly2ohare could get big U.S. help under @SenDuckworth plan to begin extending low-interest TIFIA funding to airport projects.  W GOP cosonsporship from @SenDavidPurude and others, it's got a shot.  The Dept of Interior hired a high school friend of Ryan Zinke's w/ no relevant experience to oversee the grant process & unsurprisingly, it’s causing serious problems. Important climate research seems to be blocked because it doesn't fit w/ Trump's agenda … This is why I introduced the Energy Jobs For Our Heroes Act, which will assist servicemembers transitioning back to civilian life by helping them find good-paying jobs in the clean, renewable energy sector, one of our nation’s fastest-growing industries … Proud to see Illinois as one of the leaders in the clean energy industry in the Midwest with 119,377 jobs, according to @CleanEnergyTrst's report  I’m proud that my staff was able to join @RepRobinKelly  in helping bring federal agencies and municipalities together at our workshop today. We need to improve access to federal grants that support critical infrastructure projects, disaster relief efforts and other investmentspic.twitter.com/k3q0nYfsjN This is a sad day for our country and a sobering reminder that we need to come together as a nation to focus on protecting the Special Counsel’s independent investigation for the good of our country and the truth. POTUS was essentially named as an unindicted co-conspirator by his long-time personal attorney & fixer in Federal Court yesterday. The crimes Mr. Cohen pled guilty to are serious and may have swung a close election by depriving the American people of critical information. … Here’s a story about what it took for me to appear on MSNBC this morning for five minutes to talk about my front-page story in the NYT. Or: Why it is so hard for working moms to have it all. (Thread) By comparison, the Clean Power Plan would have PREVENTED 1,500 to 3,600 premature deaths each year by 2030. I am proud that Illinois is leading our nation in reducing carbon pollution and will fight to save the lives of Illinois families who deserve to breathe safe and clean air. By the Trump Administration’s own analysis, 1,400 Americans will die prematurely and 48,000 will contract new asthma cases every year because of their decision yesterday to undo the Clean Power Plan. Read for yourself here:  … We are currently experiencing record droughts, wildfires, floods and natural disasters across the country and around the world. We need to be taking urgent action to address the effects of climate change. Simply put, this is yet another bad idea: … I’m a mother. I’m an American with disabilities. I’m a woman of color. But I’m also a fighter, and I’m going to pour my heart into stopping the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh – a judge who’s already used his power to make it harder for women to access the care they need.pic.twitter.com/VKwCB48cVM I’ve reviewed Kavanaugh’s record – it’s clear he won’t protect the Affordable Care Act, no matter the impact on women who rely on it. We cannot go back to the old days when women of color were charged more for insurance. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/d15ubamZL4 Confirming Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court would have devastating impacts for women’s health, especially for women of color.   I joined @maziehirono, @gillibrandny and advocates today to speak out on #WhatsAtStake.pic.twitter.com/26ATaApfH4 .@SenDuckworth lays out #WhatsAtStake with Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court: I am a mother, an American with disabilities, a woman of color, but I am also a fighter.pic.twitter.com/SVYlumtbzQ I'm about to speak about #WhatsAtStake if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, tune in here:  … Saddened to learn of another American casualty in Iraq. We must always support our troops in harm’s way. They deserve our gratitude and appreciation for sacrificing and putting themselves at risk to keep us safe. … pic.twitter.com/xayi48smKw Yet another person who served this country in uniform, with honor, attacked by a man who refused to do so and continually shows that he has none. … Even worse, it appears Trump VA officials violated gvt transparency laws & civil service protections, inappropriately shared sensitive information w/ Trump’s friends who may have had conflicts-of-interest,  & they may have misused taxpayer funds to travel to Mar-a-Lago The revelations that several of Donald Trump's wealthy friends improperly dictated policy & personnel decisions at VA & used the department to advance their personal and business interests are alarming … I joined @npratc to talk about balancing the demands of being a mother and a Senator and why we need stronger family leave policies to support working parents in this country. You can listen here → … This week, I joined every Senate Democrat in urging the Trump Administration to reverse course because when our troops are deployed in harm’s way, they shouldn’t have to worry about whether financial scammers are targeting them or their families back home: … Servicemembers are disproportionately targeted by predatory lenders & it has a direct impact on our military readiness & mission capability. The Trump Administration is abandoning its duty to protect servicemembers & their families from financial scams & predatory loans. … I also requested a Federal antitrust investigation into Mylan’s anti-competitive EpiPen4Schools program. … In 2016, I confronted Mylan, which owns the rights to EpiPen, over its anti-competitive practices and outrageous. A generic EpiPen will significantly lower costs and add much needed competition to the marketplace. … This is great news for families in Illinois and throughout the country who should never have to fear for their child’s life because they can’t afford life-saving medicine  … With the 2020 Census fast approaching, I joined @SenKamalaHarris and @SenatorCarper in introducing legislation to ensure the approximately 10 million Americans who identify as LGBTQ are properly counted and represented in Census data collection efforts. The LGBTQ community has long suffered from inadequate resources and underrepresentation, in part due to the Census not collecting data on sexual orientation or gender identity. There’s an easy way to do that: The House is 2 signatures away from passing a discharge petition to force a vote on legislation that’d protect #Dreamers from deportation. Those who claim to care about these young Americans should prove it by signing their names. #ProtectDreamers Six years ago today, #DACA changed the lives of nearly 800,000 young immigrants who were American in every way but on paper. Dreamers embody the best of America—and now it’s on each of us to defend them from the President’s heartless attacks. Each day they are apart, separated parents & children suffer even more trauma. This cruel & inhumane policy never should have existed. The Trump Administration needs to reunite these families & end the crisis they created #FamiliesBelongTogether … WATCH: Based on what he’s written and said, it’s clear Judge Kavanaugh is skeptical about Roe, putting women’s constitutional rights at risk. That’s #WhatsAtStake via @CSPANpic.twitter.com/ZUipdKjgpN Ever since Michael Reese Hospital closed its doors in 1991, Chicago’s South Side had not had an adult level 1 trauma center until just a few months ago. Last week, I was able to tour the new @UChicagoMed Adult Trauma Center and learn about its impact in the communitypic.twitter.com/UPQIqdc2BM This is EXACTLY why my colleagues & I filed a lawsuit to ensure Trump is not violating the Constitution's anti-corruption Emoluments Clause … Donald Trump made $40 million last year from the Trump Hotel, where foreign gvts are spending large sums of $, creating significant conflicts-of-interest. It should never be a question if POTUS is doing what's best for himself or for the American people. … It was great to tour America’s Central Port last week and discuss how I can help support job creation and economic development in Granite City and throughout the Metro Eastpic.twitter.com/jCgMD2kufV Staff from my Chicago office joined @SenatorDurbin and his staff today at @C2CChicago to pack donated items for students in need who are headed back to schoolpic.twitter.com/D9erAHQibG .@DeptVetAffairs’ mission is too important to be hijacked by a select few who seek private gain from those who have borne the battle. This is unacceptable. I wrote to VA Secretary Robert Wilkie urging him to immediately cut ties with these wealthy friends of Donald Trump who are improperly influencing policy & personnel decisions at VA despite having little relevant experience  … … Enough is enough. Congress must take action to stop Big Pharma from prioritizing their bottom line over American lives and make sure that every single community in Illinois and across our nation has access to the resources necessary to treat this preventable addiction. In the 13 months since my last visit to a @ChestnutHealth treatment facility, the opioid epidemic has taken the lives of more than 40,000 Americans – with our Veterans being more than twice as likely to be killed by an overdose.pic.twitter.com/vjlAnafquO And by slaves, who had America foisted on them … My staff and I look forward to better serving the Metro East community and helping Illinoisans—and any Veteran—with their issues with federal agencies and benefits like Social Security, Medicare, Veterans benefits, small business development and more. Today I was proud to open a constituent service office and meet with constituents in Belleville, Illinois.pic.twitter.com/Bruk7I0em6 These comments from Laura Ingraham aren't just racist, they're wrong & shouldn't have been aired by @FoxNews. This country was built by immigrants who worked hard to give their families better lives & our diversity makes our nation stronger. … Small businesses are the real backbone of our economy and I was proud to join @RepRobinKelly yesterday in hosting a small business workshop at @OliveHarvey_CCC  for local business owners and entrepreneurspic.twitter.com/6VE2vmiT83 I visited the Farm on Ogden yesterday – a community garden focused on increasing access to fresh, healthy produce and promoting sustainability in the Lawndale neighborhoodpic.twitter.com/09z6cbD4gZ The need to take action that will protect our children and keep our communities safe from gun violence has never been more clear or more urgent. It’s time to act In addition to improving gun safety, resources and job opportunities, we must do a better job of providing treatment in communities that need trauma care—not just the kind of trauma that leaves scars, but the kind that stays with you for a lifetime I joined @RepBobbyRush yesterday to call for the passage of the Blair Holt Firearm Licensing bill to stop the flow of guns into Illinois from neighboring states with weak firearm lawspic.twitter.com/mKfF53iWuE This past weekend we saw 12 people lose their lives to senseless gun violence in Chicago, with more than 74 people shot. Our own streets shouldn’t be more deadly than war zones. When will enough be enough? … We’re 219 days into 2018, but the average Black woman in America just finally caught up to what the average Caucasian male earned in 2017. That’s 219 days too late—and it’s unacceptable. We should all work to make the #WageGap a thing of the past. #BlackWomensEqualPayDay In the absence of clear leadership and sound judgment in the White House, I’ll keep working to strengthen government oversight and create comprehensive immigration reform that is just, fair and humane to help ensure another preventable crisis like this never happens again It’s clear we need more transparency and accountability in facilities housing children separated from their families – a cruel, inhumane policy that shouldn’t have existed in the first place After the apparent stonewalling of my oversight efforts by @HHSgov, I was finally allowed to visit Heartland Alliance’s Casa Guadalupe shelter yesterday … I’ll continue working to bolster cutting edge research programs at community colleges and universities across Illinois so that every student has the opportunity to contribute to impactful projects like those at RFU I toured @RFUniversity yesterday to discuss University research projects and the ongoing Innovation and Research Park project. The Park will connect students and graduates with biomedical companies throughout Lake County, boost economic development and create jobspic.twitter.com/e66QtfPoDw Every naval recruit passes through boot camp at @navstaglakes in IL as they train to become a Sailor. Proud to tour the base & meet with the leadership. I’ll do everything I can to ensure they have the resources they need to serve our country It’s time to pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act to help restore the #VRA’s critical civil and voting rights protections and ensure all Americans have the same access to the ballot box The #VotingRightsAct, landmark legislation that became law 53 years ago today, has done so much to advance voting rights in this country. Unfortunately, those rights have been weakened by the Supreme Court’s Shelby County v Holder decision and discriminatory voter ID laws @SenSherrodBrown and I asked @HUDgov, @HHSGov and @EPA for answers and updates on their strategy. We need to know what's being done: … Despite the Trump Administration’s promise set an aggressive timeline and deliver a strategy to protect children from lead poisoning, they’ve failed to do so and are leaving children at risk. It’s unclear what real progress – if any – they’re making on this Yet another positive step to stop the Trump Administration’s outright awful treatment of young people who were brought to this country by their parents and did nothing wrong … My staff had such a great time meeting with Illinoisans from the Quad Cities region at our new constituent service office grand opening in Rock Island on Wednesday. We are so honored to be able to serve this incredible community!pic.twitter.com/Km9155GXxw Why did @DeptofDefense use a long-disgraced SCOTUS ruling allowing internment camps & curfews for Japanese-Americans during WWII in order to justify current policy? I wrote to Sec Mattis expressing alarm → … As someone who fought to defend this nation, I’ve seen the price we pay for our dangerous dependence on foreign oil. We must encourage American-made renewable fuel, which is why I joined @SenKamalaHarris & @SenFeinstein in intro-ing a resolution backing current emission standards This is a gift to the largest oil companies that will force families to spend more $ on gas, lead to an increase in carbon pollution & make our country more dependent on foreign oil … .@SenDuckworth says President Trump should stop tweeting statements that contradict the advice of military leaders.pic.twitter.com/C40XapMRNS "They outright misled these parents, they ripped nursing babies from their mother's arms—completely against any of the values of our country," says @SenDuckworth, on the Trump administration's family separation policy. Coming up this morning at 11: We're catching up with @SenDuckworth.  Tune in:   As we prepare to debate the FAA, I’m committed to protecting America’s position as the global leader in air safety by continuing to make improvements that save lives and opposing misguided efforts to reduce safety of passengers and pilots alike I was honored to speak with @WeAreAlpa this morning about improving air safety for pilots and passengerspic.twitter.com/JLxsX2xOW2 This ruling is a victory for Chicago & communities across IL that rely on federal $ to fight crime & reduce gun violence. Forcing local law enforcement to needlessly tear families apart compromises public safety, fostering mistrust between police & communities they protect. … I look forward to working with @SenJohnHoeven and my colleagues to bring the Passenger Rail Crew Protection Act to the Senate floor—we're all entitled to work in a safe environment free from violence, harassment and intimidation … I'm proud the Senate Commerce Committee passed my bipartisan legislation today to better protect rail crewmembers and improve public safety. No one in America should experience what Amtrak Conductor Michael Case endured while he was just doing his job … Thank you to Michael Carrigan, President of the @ILAFLCIO, for coming to speak with my interns & @SenatorDurbin’s interns about workers’ rights, organizing and his hopes for the future of the labor movement.pic.twitter.com/XAUdrXXTH1 Maybe instead of seeking permission from the NRA, you should speak w/your handpicked Secretary of State—who not only allowed this to happen, but also gave $40,000 of taxpayer $ to the company that sued to publish dangerous 3D printable firearm designs  … … .@HHSGov's apparent stonewalling of Congressional oversight efforts at facilities housing separated children in our home state is unacceptable. What are they hiding? … I was proud to stand with the @ACLU on Friday and call on the Trump Administration to reunite *all* separated families after it missed the second court-mandated deadline for reunificationpic.twitter.com/gujq8YHzNF So proud to see impressive Illinoisans like Emmeline doing their part to help reunite families that were needlessly and cruelly torn apart by the Trump Administration … With every day that goes by, separated parents and children suffer even more trauma. It’s long past time for Trump to reunite these families and end the crisis he created #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/pKCCqJdpW9 When Trump and Congressional Republicans tried roll back the #ADA by passing #HR620, I was proud to lead my Democratic colleagues in opposition to this bill that would reward businesses who still haven’t complied with the #ADA – 28 years later On the 28th Anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act being signed into law, we must commit to never again take this law – which has done so much to advance disability rights - for granted #ADA28 @HUDgov must enact policies that will prevent this preventable crisis from ever happening again @SenatorDurbin and I also urge the HUD Office of the Inspector General to complete its investigation into wrongdoing by Alexander County Housing Authority officials as soon as possible and make its findings public The findings in the Inspector General report underscore what we’ve already known – HUD and the Alexander County Housing Authority failed the people of Cairo, IL There is no question that the residents of Elmwood and McBride suffered through decades of neglect, inadequate oversight and outright discrimination … Most of those deaths are preventable&every woman trying to start a family deserves to get the care she needs. This #BumpDay, let's focus on improving #maternalhealth across our nation&around the globe. @SenatorHeitkamp's Maternal Health Accountability Act is a good place to start I’m lucky to be a mother to two beautiful daughters, but I know there’s a lot of work we have to do to care for all moms, babies & soon-to-be-moms. Every day, about 2 women in America die from pregnancy or childbirth (black women are 3.5x more likely to pass away)... As Trump and the GOP continue their efforts to curtail the ADA and disability rights, it’s critical that Congress listens to the disability community as they advocate for and against legislation impacting their lives #ADA28 I was honored to speak at today’s @amprog Disability Justice Initiative event. When funding for hunger programs is slashed, Americans with disabilities go hungry first. When health care coverage is taken away, Americans with disabilities suffer first #ADA28pic.twitter.com/AJ5aCw5t3M Trump’s recent executive orders intentionally undermine the rights of Federal employees to fair representation, which harms the ability to recruit and retain top talent while opening the door to retaliation against federal whistleblowers We must strengthen, not weaken, the rights of Federal employees – hard-working Americans who safeguard our national security, perform lifesaving medical procedures, deliver Veterans benefits and so much more Glad to be able to speak with some bright future leaders from the ACLU Summer Advocacy Institute yesterday. I enjoyed hearing about their efforts to defend civil rights and push for immigrants to be treated fairlypic.twitter.com/ZRg4gtq2tx WATCH: I’m speaking with @RebeccaCokley at the launch of @amprog’s Disability Justice Initiative on the need to protect the ADA and continue pushing for equality and disability rights  … #ADA28 I was honored to thank some of these hard-working Americans at @NCILAdvocacy’s rally today. We must continue to protect the hard-fought progress we have achieved while also working towards a world where our community is valued equally and can participate fully When the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Affordable Care Act came under attack, the disabled community was instrumental in helping to defeat bills that would’ve threatened their health and independencepic.twitter.com/Fduzaima9Q By cutting off #TitleX funding for health centers where family planning info is provided, Trump is continuing to make it harder for low income Americans to access critic health care services, such as wellness exams, health screenings, birth control and STD testing #NoGagRulepic.twitter.com/MDNKX6rwng 50 years ago, the @SpecialOlympics began in Chicago and has been giving people with disabilities the opportunity to showcase their athletic abilities, live an active, healthy life and raise awareness ever since #SpecialOlympics50 … I met with @SafeRoadsNow last week to discuss the future of autonomous vehicles, including measures we can take to help ensure safety and improve efficiencypic.twitter.com/2FPPEzpTQC I was honored to meet with @AAPD summer interns last week—it’s great to see this group of impressive young people with disabilities engaged in our governmentpic.twitter.com/WPXhUz2Smw These humane and commonsense bills should be the standard for expectant mothers in Illinois and around the country I applaud the Illinois legislature for acting on this issue at the state level by passing a bill to keep pregnant women out of jail while awaiting trial for nonviolent offenses … I’m proud to join @PattyMurray & 20 Senators in calling for an end to this egregious policy. Our legislation will help ensure all women are treated humanely and set new standards for the treatment of pregnant and young women in detention … The Trump Administration’s practice of shackling and detaining pregnant women must stop immediately. This policy puts mothers and their infants at risk while also denying these women the essential maternal care they deserve All workers deserve a fair, livable wage that recognizes the value and difficulty of their labor—including those doing dangerous work hanging hundreds of feet in the air to wash windows in Chicago … Chicago to disburse $2 million to wheelchair accessible taxicabs expanding accessible rides! Today 5 free taxi medallions were awarded to cabbies showing exemplary service to people w/disabilities. @ChicagoBACP @CHIDisabilities @ChicagosMayorpic.twitter.com/5zKA5m9zv2 …he’s also keeping DNI Coats in the dark about inviting Putin into the White House this fall. I’ve been shocked by his behavior so many times this week Don’t let this get lost in the news about all the ways Donald Trump is putting Russia first: not only did he fail to tell *his own* Director of National Intelligence that he was inviting the Russian Foreign Minister into the Oval Office for a secret meeting last year… … Gun violence is a public health epidemic that consistently claims 30,000+ lives every year. By blocking @CDCgov from researching potential ways to reduce this sort of needless violence, Congressional GOP put the NRA ahead of the American people once again … That might make Donald Trump want him on the #SupremeCourt, but it doesn’t make me confident that he’ll be independent in the face of a President who is under investigation and doing whatever he can to undermine the investigation … Perhaps most troubling, after helping lead an investigation into President Clinton, he wrote that President should not be investigated—much less prosecuted—while in office. Seriously. You can read his “do as I say not as I do” article right here:  … There are already cases in the system that threaten to rip these critical protections away from my constituents (such as Texas v. US). I’m gravely concerned that he may hold radical beliefs about what is necessary and proper to protect the health of hard-working American families Judge Kavanaugh appears to be believe that it violates the Constitution to protect every American from being denied health insurance because of a pre-existing condition Members of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen stopped by my office last week – we reviewed ways to make rail transportation safer and more reliablepic.twitter.com/jS3pvHM9Yp Last week, I discussed the importance of investing in K-12 and Career and Technical education for the 21st century and the critical need for more federal dollars for our public schools with superintendents from across Illinoispic.twitter.com/RGOqJZa61d Kavanaugh put air quality at risk for 1/2 of USA risk by blocking pollution restrictions in such an extreme way that even conservative #SCOTUS Justices reversed him in a 6-2 ruling, suggesting he'd put his own policy views ahead of the statute’s plain text  … If confirmed, I am hopeful Ms. Neumayr will choose science over polluter interests and pocketbooks and join me in this fight to eliminate lead contamination once and for all Today, I shared my concerns with Ms. Neumayr about the Trump Administration’s erosion of important policies and its failure to take swift action to strengthen the Safe Drinking Water Actpic.twitter.com/bHW1HSNkln It is critical that members of the Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ) share my commitment to modernizing the Lead and Copper Rule and helping ensure clean drinking water for all American families and children I’m troubled that Judge Kavanaugh invented judicial justifications to protect military contractors from accountability, even though NO Federal law or judicial precedent required such a ruling. Read here:  … #JudicialActivismForTheWealthyAndPowerful Judge Kavanaugh joined a ruling that private defense contractors who abused US detainees are protected from lawsuits filed under state laws. Judge #MerrickGarland was right in his dissent to this ruling When families send their children to school, they shouldn't have to worry abt drinking water being contaminated w/toxins. That’s why I introduced legislation w @SenBooker to help fix this public health crisis by ensuring lead testing in every single school … According to a disturbing new report, only 43% of school districts tested for lead in their drinking water in 2017. Of those that did, 37% reported elevated lead levels … After months of @SenatorDurbin and me sounding the alarm on a proposed merger that would provide questionable public benefit, pose a threat to localism and diversity as well as reduce competition in Illinois, this is a positive step from the FCC that underscores our concerns … If you accepted the intelligence community’s conclusion you’d know that.   The intelligence community didn’t conclude “it could be other people.” They concluded it WAS Russia:  …pic.twitter.com/qveLAkTK6B This would have been good to tell Vladimir Putin yesterday…   …but I don’t believe you because you said immediately after that it “could be other people also.”   No, it couldn’t. … My Downstate Director and fellow Veteran, Randy, participated in the 100th Annual @ALDeptIL Convention in Springfield last week. Thank you to all the members of the American Legion who continue to serve after wearing the uniformpic.twitter.com/NKrwKPhI4V "Morally repugnant": Homeland Security advisory council members resign over immigration policies  His argument disregards Supreme Court precedent and would enable the Executive Branch to act outside of international norms, putting our troops in greater danger overseas  … In 2010, Judge Kavanaugh concluded that courts should ignore international law (like the #GenevaConventions) *and* seemed to disagree that federal law shouldn’t authorize breaches of int'l law when it comes to treatment of detainees I’m proud to join @SenMarkey in introducing the CLEARR Act that will help ensure every family in America – no matter where they live – has access to clean and safe drinking water … When families send their children to school or turn on their faucet at home, they should not have to worry about their drinking water being contaminated with a dangerous neurotoxin like lead Republicans in Congress cannot continue to turn a blind eye towards the very real possibility that Vladimir Putin has compromised our commander in chief and turned him, perhaps without his knowledge, into a Russian asset Donald Trump is wrong. There can be no moral equivalence drawn between the United States of America and Putin’s Russia. Today’s events are yet another example of Donald Trump’s feckless ‘leadership’ on the world stage ...flight MH-17 killing nearly 300 innocent souls & interfered in America’s elections as well as those of our allies. Russia poisons innocent civilians around the globe and props up a brutal dictator who gasses his own people in Syria When given the chance to condemn Russia’s actions, Donald Trump refused again & again. He instead suggested a false moral equivalence between America & Russia, a nation that invaded & annexed a portion of a sovereign country against international law, shot down... Just days after the indictments of 12 Russian military officials for their attacks on our country during the 2016 election, Trump is not only willing to let Vladimir Putin off the hook, he actually holds America responsible for allowing the attacks to happen This is a man who wants to work closely with our fiercest adversaries and believes our allies in the European Union are our foes, but refuses to believe the consensus of his entire intelligence community about Russian interference in the election and its continued threat It's difficult to overstate the damage done by Donald Trump’s shocking & disgraceful show of weakness on the world stage. The strong global alliances & global belief in American leadership that he has taken just days to tear down over the last wk will take generations to rebuild … I'd like to thank @chicityclerk for speaking with @SenatorDurbin and my interns about the importance of civic engagement. We can all do our part to give backpic.twitter.com/gBB4XE9N5H Fortunately, a majority of the DC Circuit rejected Judge Kavanaugh’s dangerous view that threatens internet freedom for all Americans:  … In his USTA v. FCC & USA dissent, Kavanaugh argued an extreme view that wrongly claimed #NetNeutrality violates the First Amendment rights of corporations to discriminate against consumers and control what content they may access on the internet Kavanaugh would have granted more employers the ability to deny women access to no-copay birth control coverage, effectively placing a woman’s boss between her and her health care provider   When the D.C. Circuit ruled in Priests for Life v. @HHSGov that the Obama Admin’s accommodation for religious employers did not violate those employers’ rights, Kavanaugh dissented, arguing that the accommodation for religious nonprofits did not go far enough He delivered a speech *last year* arguing that late Justice Rehnquist’s dissenting opinion in the Roe case was right … Though some are trying to convince Americans that Judge Kavanaugh will support precedent & hasn’t definitively ruled on #RoevWade, make no mistake: he opposes it His opinion would have allowed the government to use delay tactics to prevent women and girls from controlling what happens to their own body. Or, in other words, he drafted a (losing) legal argument that would have forced a child to have a baby  … He disagreed with, and wrote a dissent against, a court ruling that the punishment for entering this country illegally cannot be “forcing a child to have a baby” I’m spending a lot of time reviewing Judge Kavanaugh’s rulings to see if he has the temperament and wisdom—and whether he has shown the independence needed of our next #SupremeCourt Justice. Very disappointed by what I’m seeing: Patriotic Americans have defended our democracy against foreign adversaries—and won—since our founding. We can do so again if we all put country ahead of party as we confront Russian aggression in this new generation and on this new battleground Donald Trump must immediately cancel his planned summit with Vladimir #Putin until #Russia demonstrates its willingness to come back into the community of nations that respect the rule of law, legal norms and democratic institutions We must bring to bear the full force of U.S. sanctions against #Russia as well as consider their expansion against broader sectors of the Russian economy Today’s indictments and Russia’s actions transcend political party and should trouble all Americans and democracies around the world. Russia must be held accountable for their outrageous, unprecedented attacks on our nation These indictments could not be clearer. American democracy was the target of a careful, systematic and intentional attack aimed at undermining the bedrock of our democracy: free and open elections without foreign interference … W/the nominee to be HUD Inspector General, Rae Oliver Davis. We discussed the importance of independence&ongoing communication to protect families. I'm hopeful that, if confirmed, she'll work w/me to ensure all public housing agencies remain accountable to the families they servepic.twitter.com/krcFArbZcY The current state of the Alexander Co. Housing Authority in Southern IL, which was taken into receivership by @HUDgov yrs ago, leaves hundreds of Illinoisans’ lives in turmoil&w unclear futures. The need for greater oversight of this agency is clear&I'm glad I was able to meet... Proud to work with @SenatorDurbin and @RepRobinKelly in seeking answers about increasing rates of maternal mortality. Many of these deaths are preventable — it's unacceptable and heartbreaking. … Passing the #FAMILYAct and ensuring access to #PaidFamilyLeave would make both American families and the American economy stronger Our nation’s lack of #PaidFamilyLeave has long been a barrier for women entering and staying in the workforce - 61% of whom list family responsibilities as their reason for not working Hardworking ppl deserve the #FAMILYAct – the only #PaidFamilyLeave proposal that covers every working American w/o excluding medical leave or military caregiver leave,&it doesn’t speed up Social Security’s insolvency like a proposal some colleagues support … Any family leave proposal that cuts social security benefits or excludes family and military caregiving is not #RealPaidLeave Millions of men and women across the country don’t have access to #PaidFamilyLeave, meaning they could be forced to choose between taking care of a child or loved one and losing their paycheck, or even their job We cannot allow President Trump to pursue his goal of, in his own words, overturning #RoevWade. We need to make sure that the next #SCOTUS Justice will protect the Constitutional rights of all women & protect the ability of families like mine to have children If #RoevWade is overturned, the protections it provides to women who use assistive reproductive technologies like IVF to start and grow their families--women like me--could disappear #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/erIChjk8P2 The stakes for this #SupremeCourt nomination could not be any higher. Whoever replaces Justice Kennedy will play a critical role in the lives of workers, Americans with pre-existing conditions & all Americans for generations to come #WhatsAtStake … I'm in the Capitol with @PattyMurray, @SenFeinstein, @SenWarren and @SenTinaSmith--we're about to talk about #WhatsAtStake if Judge Kavanaugh is able to overturn #RoevWade in the #SupremeCourt. Tune in here:  Nope. Women should never “expect” sexual harassment as a condition of working *anywhere* — not at Fox News, not in the military, not anywhere … I was honored to meet Thomas yesterday, an extraordinary young constituent of @SenGaryPeters whose @MakeAWish was to become a Senator for a Day. I was inspired by his passion for public service and knowledge of the issues.pic.twitter.com/yzvSklWbsL I thanked him for his service to our country & for his commitment to maintaining VA’s mission as the principle coordinator of care. We must do everything we can to ensure #Veterans can access the benefits they've earne&that VA continues to provide quality care for our Vets Ever since I recovered at Walter Reed, I’ve made fighting for & protecting Veterans & Veteran families my life’s work. I’m glad I was able to meet w @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Nominee Wilkie today to discuss how we can work together to support our nation’s heroes.pic.twitter.com/QcO5LhyRyA *SO* joyful that all of the Wild Boar team members are safe after #ThailandCaveRescue and appreciate of the efforts and sacrifices of everyone involved—proud to know an Illinoisan was critical to achieving this miraculous outcome!  … If Trump succeeds, it won’t only affect people like me who could be prevented from having children through IVF; the impacts will be felt by everyone. Whoever replaces Justice Kennedy will play a critical role in the lives of all women and every single American #SCOTUSpick We can’t ignore the reality that Donald Trump wants to take us back to a time when insurers could refuse coverage to ppl w/ pre-existing conditions or that he promised to only nominate Justices who would put the government back in between women and their doctors #SCOTUSpick The newfound urgency to fill Justice Kennedy’s #SCOTUS seat from many of the same people who refused to even consider President Obama’s nominee is transparent opportunism that represents everything Americans hate most about politics today. This is yet another sign that under Donald Trump’s presidency, America has lost its way on the global stage and—once again—it comes at the expense of mothers and their children. Breastfeeding plays a critical role in children’s development & helps reduce the risk of diseases for children & mothers alike. It's shocking to see the Trump Admin take the opposite position & put the interests of big corporations ahead of public health experts & families … Kathryn Hayes Harris' mom, Eurma, dedicated her life to improving the Carbondale community. That legacy lives on through the Eurma C. Hayes Community Center, named in her honor, where one of our offices is located. Thanks for stopping by, Kathryn!pic.twitter.com/yc58stb8Z8 Congrats to Martin Oberman on his nomination to the U.S. Surface Transportation Board … Hundreds of my colleagues & I called on @realDonaldTrump to fire Pruitt months ago. The fact that Trump allowed Pruitt to continue to lead the EPA & waste taxpayer money despite knowing all of this shows just how empty his promises to drain the swamp were How did this take so long?! Scott Pruitt abused the public trust by using his government position to finance his lavish lifestyle. He is the subject of 13+ independent investigations, retaliated against EPA staff who questioned his spending habits & likely violated ethics rules … On this July 4th, I enjoy reading Abigail Adam’s famous “...remember the ladies letter.” I like that it mentions women’s rights & that it shows women too were supporters of independence. She even ends her letter promising to send recipes for gunpowder!  … Happy July 4th! As you celebrate, please remember to let your neighbors who are combat Veterans know if you plan to set off fireworks. For some, it could affect their Post Traumatic Stress. Vet Crisis Hotline: 800-273-8255, press 1 … I hope everyone has a safe, happy, fun and relaxing Fourth of July! #IndependenceDay #FourthOfJuly We must be a better country than one that rips thousands of children away from their parents & locks them in cages. The Trump Admin needs to reunite these children w/ their parents immediately. We are requesting regular updates from @HHSGov & @DHSgov to make sure that happens … The Trump Admin seems to have no plan to reunite these families despite a federal court order to do so. They're acting like this is a political game to be won. That’s why I've joined countless Americans to protest this inhumane policy & urge Trump to reunite those he's torn apart As a mother, I can’t even begin to imagine being torn away from my two incredible girls or the pain and fear they would feel. This is something no mother should ever experience and it is antithetical to our nation’s core values to ignore their literal cries for help. … Senator Tammy Duckworth on Why The Children Separated at The Border Still Need You  pic.twitter.com/DgwXOs4VoG On #CNNSOTU @SenDuckworth tells @jaketapper about the Administration and separated families: "I don't think they even really know where all these children are and who they belong to."  I'll be on @CNNSotu this morning at 8:10am CT to discuss how important the #SupremeCourt is to all Americans and why #FamiliesBelongsTogether. I hope you'll tune in! Coming up about 8:10 am #Chicago time @SenDuckworth on #CNN... her first live Sunday show since being elected to the Senate. Topics #SCOTUS, #immigration maybe coming back to work after having baby in April. Good Morning! Today on #CNNSOTU w/ @JakeTapper: @SenatorCollins, @SenDuckworth, @RepBarragan, @DavidJUrban, @K_JeanPierre, @amandacarpenter & the Cartoonion! Tune in on @CNN, @cnni, &  !pic.twitter.com/odeGwPIxOH I’m proud of all the Americans who are making their voices heard in Illinois & across the country today, and I’m glad my staff was able to be with many of them in Springfield #FamiliesBelongTogether. We have to be better than a nation that rips infants from their mothers’ arms & we can’t give up until the Trump administration reunites the countless families they’ve torn apartpic.twitter.com/bHbMaRUdXa I’m lucky to be the mom of 2 incredible little girls & I can’t even begin to imagine what it would be like to have them ripped from my arms & the pain & fear they would feel. The Trump Administration needs to immediately reunite the families they’ve torn apart. We are a better country than one that rips children away from their parents & locks them in cages. I am so proud of the women who came to the Capitol to make their voices heard & stand up for American values. … Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.), with infant, just rolled into the middle of the immigration-policy protest at Hart and got a rock-star reception.   “What would it be like to have my breast-feeding child ripped away from me? This is deeply personal as a mother.”pic.twitter.com/5aiSvZtoUE My staff was honored to present congratulatory letters to Commander Edward Peters and Auxiliary Commander Evelyn Couture at the Disabled American Veterans Annual Convention. Thank you to the DAV for all that you do!pic.twitter.com/zPOJmU652T This story shows the tremendous impact that one person can have in helping to meet critical needs in local communities. That’s why I’ll keep doing everything in my power to expand national service opportunities and ensure every American has the opportunity to give back I’m proud to represent a state filled with community members like Mr. A – a former principal from Benton, Illinois, who has painted 704 classrooms and 381 playground maps since his retirement  It's a moral failure that the GOP Congress continues failing to do anything about it as people continue dying because of their inaction. The needless, preventable shooting deaths in Annapolis today are unacceptable, and my heart goes out to the victims and their loved ones. Needless, preventable shootings are unacceptable everywhere. This is personal for me. Trump, @DHSgov & @HHSGov need to ensure children whom they’ve separated from their families are treated fairly & they must develop & implement a plan—IMMEDIATELY—to reunite the families they’ve torn apart Proud to join women protesting Trump’s policy of separating families. I'm lucky to be the mom of 2 incredible little girls & I can’t even begin to imagine being torn away from them or the pain and fear they would feel if they were ripped from my arms #WomenDisobeypic.twitter.com/WShvatJMkY Young Chicagoans and Parkland students are teaming up to end gun violence and showing courage where adults have failed. I’m so proud to see Diamondlee & other young Americans speak up & fight for change  There are enough firearms in America for every man, woman and child to own one and still have 67 million firearms left over  Ready to vote in support of the Farm Bill. Forgot her  onesie in Illinois so this is what Maile will be wearingpic.twitter.com/b88yneZQgu W/just 4 months until the American people make their voices heard, & w/everything from women’s reproductive rights to voting rights to worker’s rights to getting money out of politics on the line, there’s simply no need to—or defense of—rushing this process. It’s too important The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. #Kennedypic.twitter.com/TAgp0yzPeX My statement on today's anti-union #SCOTUS ruling that will hurt working Americans →  pic.twitter.com/71AEu28kdr "I've been able to do more than I ever thought I was capable of not because I was smarter, stronger, or faster than anyone else — it's how I've responded to hardship and failure that's defined me." Read @SenDuckworth's story:   #InStyleBadassWomenpic.twitter.com/xp8ihyvJNZ The America that I know & am proud to have served in uniform is a nation that welcomes immigrants & refugees & defends the human rights of all people, no matter their religion, ethnicity or nationality. History will harshly judge today’s #SCOTUS ruling  .@SenDuckworth on #SCOTUS -  “This decision on Donald Trump’s ill-conceived & misguided travel ban does not reflect the American ideals that I love & fought to defend. The America that I know is not a nation that slams its doors on children &families fleeing barbarism or terror." Many years ago, I testified on Capitol Hill on behalf of #TitleIX, to help girls and women advance in their sport. Today, on the 46th anniversary of its passage, I’m thankful to all those who have fought tirelessly for equality. The work continues. #TitleIXat46 #equality Veterans are uniquely qualified to succeed in cutting-edge industries. Tonight, w/ @SenCoryGardner & @SenDuckworth, secured amendment to lay the groundwork for legislation to provide vets the training to transition to emerging energy, cyber & AI economies. … The Peoria Ag Lab has helped the world for 78 years. Learn more about the important research and scientific breakthroughs at this Central Illinois gem →  A government official is claiming he has more email accounts than sent emails. The only thing Scott Pruitt isn’t hiding is his disgraceful contempt for taxpayers .@EPA wants you to believe that in his first 10 months in office, @EPAScottPruitt—who used FOUR government email accounts to conduct business—only sent ONE (1!) email to someone outside the EPA  New release: AWEA statement on Energy Jobs for our Heroes Act   … #windworkspic.twitter.com/OQlg4FPBp5 This is horrifying. Drugging kids without parental consent or in high dosages doesn’t truly address or remedy the trauma they’ve experienced—and are still experiencing—in these detention centers. They must be reunited with their families immediately  We must do our part in Congress to end this violence by passing common sense gun legislation and finally stop this crisis It is simply not acceptable that we continue to allow people to be mowed down in their homes, their schools, their places of worship or even when they’re out having a good time on a weekend But GOP leaders in Congress have refused to act as more and more mass shootings have taken more and more innocent lives #Enough Since the House sit in, we’ve introduced bill after bill in Congress to finally address this epidemic—including bills to expand background checks & ban assault weapons—& the American people have spoken loud & clear through protests like #MarchForOurLives On this day two years ago, I joined dozens of my colleagues at a sit in on the House Floor to protest Congress’ failure to address gun violencepic.twitter.com/0KMSOIMdgB This is a man who hears the cries of children and calls it fake news … Withdrawing from the Human Rights Council 1 day after it criticized Trump’s inhumane policy of tearing thousands of families apart only causes further damage to our country’s standing & sends another signal that we are abandoning the values that made America the envy of the world Our country used to be the world’s conscience, promoting human rights across the globe. Under Donald Trump, we have embraced dictators who have murdered their own ppl, elevated officials who engaged in torture & are intentionally inflicting trauma on families seeking asylum The UN Human Rights Council is far from perfect but withdrawing from it does not make the world a better place. It only reduces our ability to affect change & improve the conditions of ppl living under oppressive regimes  Glad my staff was able to attend the 97th VFW State Convention in Springfield last week to meet with members & discuss mission, benefits and service to Veterans and their communitiespic.twitter.com/8VmIdHmHEr Talk is cheap. If @StateDept Secretary Pompeo & the rest of the Trump administration actually cared about helping refugees, they wouldn’t refuse #SyrianRefugees fleeing violence abroad or have spent the last several weeks tearing apart families who are seeking asylum in America … This #WorldRefugeeDay, as we continue to grapple with a global refugee crisis, we should remember to never retreat from the values we hold dear by turning our backs on those who flee to America searching for safety and a better life for themselves and their families A quick guide to the Trump administration’s ever-changing, contradictory and false excuses/outright lies for ripping innocent children away from their parents and then holding them hostage: This administration’s actions are distressing and awful, but the world is watching how we, as a people, respond to the thousands of terrified, innocent children wondering if they’ll ever see their parents again. We can’t give up. That’s the reality. There’s only one person who can end this horror with a single call, and that’s Donald Trump. He can blame whoever he wants, but the fact that he won’t make that call should tell you all you need to know about his true priorities Facts are important. Reality is reality. The reality is that the Trump administration is choosing to rip children & infants away from their parents and then holding them hostage. They may think it's a political winner or a game, but they're playing with innocent children's lives Pay attention when you hear this, because it’s the Trump administration admitting that the reason they’re doing this is because they want to send a message. And if they have to commit child abuse on several thousand innocent souls to send that message, they’re ok with that Excuse 6: “It would be a tough deterrent.” Someone might want to tell @SecNielsen that AG Sessions and WH Chief of Staff Kelly believe this, because she said it wasn’t yesterday. This is probably the most accurate, though inhumane, excuse I’ve heard Excuse 5: “You have to take the children away,” – Trump himself. Um… No. Just no. Excuse 4.1, defending turning away asylum-seekers: "We are not turning them away. We are saying...we do not have the resources at this particular moment in time." THEN MAYBE STOP WASTING RESOURCES TEARING FAMILIES APART AND IMPRISONING TERRIFIED CHILDREN! Excuse 4: “If you are seeking asylum, go to a port of entry. You do not need to break the law of the United States to seek asylum.” Not only cruel & heartless, it's also not an option for many asylum-seekers who are being turned away from ports of entry:  Excuse 3: “We do not have a policy of separating families at the border.” If only wishing made it so, then they wouldn't need excuses 1 or 2? 3 days before @SecNielsen lied about this, AG Sessions admitted this policy exists in a speech:  Excuse 2: “#CHANGETHELAWS” We want to, but even if we do it doesn’t excuse the immoral & inhumane way the Trump administration is treating kids. If Congress acts today, this administration will still be responsible for the inexcusable child abuse that’s taken place in recent wks Excuse 1: “The Democrats have to change their law.” Even if it were true that such a law existed (it isn't & it doesn't) or that Dems wrote it (also a lie), Trump’s party still controls both chambers in Congress—and therefore controls what votes take place A quick guide to the Trump administration’s ever-changing, contradictory and false excuses/outright lies for ripping innocent children away from their parents and then holding them hostage: Today, we celebrate #Juneteenth2018 & the abolition of slavery in America. We’ve come far as a nation in advancing civil rights, but we have much further to go to ensure every American—no matter their race or ethnicity—receives full justice & equality There should never be a situation where the American people question if a Cabinet Secretary is acting in his family’s best interests or in the best interests of the public This is very troubling. Before he was confirmed, Wilbur Ross committed to divest many of his assets & recuse himself from any issue that could affect his fortune … #Juneteenthpic.twitter.com/fsba6qbMGI Taxpayer-funded federal grants should be awarded on merit, not politics. This is good news & @Interior should do the same thing & stop withholding funding from orgs that advance the public interest  Imagine if it were your child screaming. We can’t let Trump and his administration continue this inhumane policy #KeepFamilesTogether This is heartbreaking. As a mother, I can’t fathom being torn away from my two incredible little girls—it's even worse to think about the pain and fear they would feel if they were ripped from my arms  .@SecNielsen is STILL lying about separating families & traumatizing children. I find that offensive … "I was sent to a camp at just five years old — but even then, they didn't separate children from families" - @GeorgeTakei recalls his experience in 1941 and compares it with current White House policy.  pic.twitter.com/7k03Dzk3mB DHS Secretary Nielsen denies separation amounts to 'child abuse'  …pic.twitter.com/Yl81yPsLbW There is nothing strong about tearing families apart—it is inhumane, it is morally bankrupt and it goes against the values of this country Donald Trump, Attorney General Sessions and Secretary Nielsen are making a conscious and completely unnecessary decision to rip children from their families under the guise of "strong law enforcement" and lying to the American people about it Separating families to inflict trauma on children and parents seeking asylum in America is wrong, plain and simple. No one is forcing the Trump Administration’s hand here From a Rockford resident in @rrstar: “We can’t imagine the trauma this is causing to these kids and parents. Imagine if this were your children or grandchildren”  Sometimes truth transcends party. … Hey @realDonaldTrump - Remember how you won my Congressional District in 2016? Well, since Friday, 96% of the calls and emails we've gotten about your #FamilySeparation policy are against you.  This is YOUR policy and YOU can end it with a phone call. … .@SecNielsen is lying. Period. … Wishing a happy #FathersDay to fathers across Americawhose love and support helps their loved ones learn and flourish, including my wonderful husband, Bryan Even if one is willing to completely disregard the American value that everyone is innocent until proven guilty, it's simply unconscionable to defend the Trump administration's inhumane policy of separating innocent children and infants from their parents … You know that whole Revolution my ancestors fought in? The one led by the father of the USA, George Washington? It's the reason why we don’t have to stand when you tell us to and why we call you “Mr. President” not “Dear Leader” or “Your Majesty.” Sorry if that’s disappointing. It turns out that brutally oppressed people standing up in fear could be a side-effect of their dictator shooting a relative with an anti-aircraft gun. It’s probably not the best idea for you to mistake that for “respect,” and I wouldn’t recommend trying it here. … If GOP leaders refuse to ‘take on’ immigration, discharge petition=only way Congress can protect #Dreamers from deportation. It needs just 2 more GOP signers. There are more than 2 House GOPers who claim to support #DACA & Dreamers but haven’t signed. Why? … Cairo, Illinois, has faced decades of challenges – many of them preventable – that have led to its economic decline. I haven’t forgotten about Cairo and will keep pushing to help these residents. … Senators move to block Pres. Trump from removing U.S. troops in South Korea  pic.twitter.com/t7HORhsKIp This not normal. It’s not strong law enforcement. The only accurate description is that it’s inhumane. … All summer long, @USDA’s Summer Food Service Program is providing Illinoisans under the age of 18 & who meet eligibility guidelines with free, healthy summer meals. Find the nearest site at   … Unilaterally ending our military’s involvement on the Korean Peninsula would hand Kim Jong Un a significant victory & put our allies in the region at risk .@ChrisMurphyCT & I just intro’ed an amendment to prevent Donald Trump from withdrawing U.S. troops from South Korea unless it is in our national security interest & wouldn’t undermine the security of our allies U.S. troops are not bargaining chips to be offered up in an off-handed manner. The Kim regime is as dangerous today as they were 6 months ago & they have done nothing to demonstrate that the threat they pose has lessened … I agree, Journey. The time IS now. We need to take action as a nation to stop gun violence in all forms. Keep speaking up, sharing your knowledge with others and making your community—and country—a better place Journey Jamison, just 16 years old, has already saved the life of a gun violence victim thanks to medical training. It is tragic that she was in a situation at such a young age where her skills were needed, but her composure and bravery is inspiring … My staff was on hand and happy to help Illinoisans in Mt. Vernon last week with issues they have with federal agencies as well as help ensure they receive the federal benefits they are entitled topic.twitter.com/mKsZbC8yAT Children attend school to learn, not to train for combat. Are we as a nation willing to accept this as normal? Or will we take action so our children can learn without fearing for their lives?  Maximum pressure is wasted when we settle for minimal results. My full statement on the #TrumpKimSummit →  pic.twitter.com/0AoAxkXY3G Thank you, @SAKimFoxx & IL AG Lisa Madigan, for taking the time last week to speak to @SenatorDurbin’s & my interns & share your knowledge with the next generation of leaderspic.twitter.com/6TWsj4vbni Taxpayer-funded federal grants should be awarded on merit, not politics. @SecretaryZinke’s decision to hire a childhood friend with no relevant experience to oversee the grant review process raises serious ethical questions that DOI needs to address →  .@Interior @SecretaryZinke appears to be politicizing the federal grant process and improperly withholding federal funding from organizations that advance the public interest—and it’s causing real life consequences … Disgusted with AG Sessions' horrific new policy that betrays our nation’s values. Shutting America’s door in the faces of immigrant women fleeing rape and violent abuse is disgraceful  We need to do everything in our power to support Americans who are working tirelessly day in and day out just to make ends meet, not burden them with outrageous housing costs The fact that @HUDgov was even considering a plan that would force low-income working Americans—including families with children—to pay around 20% more in rent each year is shameful … On 9/11, I was the American Ambassador to #NATO. The first person to suggest NATO invoke Article 5 to defend the U.S. was Canadian Ambassador David Wright. Canadian forces have fought and died with us in Afghanistan. They are still there with us.  Eternally grateful.  #Canada … Trump’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect today. Remember that the fight isn’t over—keep raising your voices & urging your representatives in the House to vote to restore net neutrality & #SaveTheInternetpic.twitter.com/FVPUo47CX0 I’m proud to have worked with @SenatorDurbin to create a bipartisan, pragmatic approach to find highly qualified nominees like Rowland & get results for the people of Illinois Mary Rowland, nominee to serve as a District Judge for the Northern District of IL, has the qualifications, integrity & judgment necessary to serve with distinction  Details matter here and, when it comes to Kim Jong Un, could very well be the difference between life and death for millions of human souls in the region. My full statement here →  He must not sell out our South Korean and Japanese allies or undermine our own national security interests in search of a dramatic television moment consisting of more style than substance Ahead of the summit between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un in Singapore, I urge Trump to remain clear-eyed about north Korea’s long history of violating previous denuclearization promises Best of luck to @SIUC’s Rachel Piacentini and Gabrielle Escudero as they get ready to compete in the 2018 Air Race Classic!  It was great to meet Kayla McKeon & talk with her about the important work she’s doing to advocate for Americans with Down Syndrome and those are differently abled. Keep up the incredible work, Kayla!  Alzheimer’s disease is painful for both those living with the disease and their loved ones. #AlzheimersAwarenessMonth is a time to raise awareness for #Alzheimers & other dementias & continue our work to finally #EndAlzheimerspic.twitter.com/DGq7xEc6Nj When women are empowered to contribute, we all benefit. We’re seeing it more and more here in the Senate. And I’m proud to be part of that. Watch highlights from my first Senate floor speech here:pic.twitter.com/2wdl3NjOpj Yesterday, I joined 39 of my Senate colleagues in calling on the Trump administration to stop traumatizing children & end their inhumane policy of separating innocent kids from families who are seeking asylum in the US →  Separating families to inflict trauma on children and parents seeking safety and freedom in America is wrong. It is cruel. It must stop  Scott Pruitt's next scandal will involve sending his *spins wheel* Chief of Staff to *spins wheel* Oslo to purchase *spins wheel* hotel comforters trimmed with reindeer fur  ATTENTION: Ms. Justina Fugh, @EPA Senior Counsel for Ethics   … … Today, we remember those who fought and gave their lives on the beaches of Normandy 74 years ago. Despite the odds and despite their fear, Allied Soldiers marched forward with courage and fought inch by inch for the values we hold dear #DDay74pic.twitter.com/g4ebMmvSON This is why @SenatorCarper & I introduced the EPA Special Hiring Authority Transparency Act to shed light on @EPAScottPruitt actions & require him (& future Administrators) to disclose & justify appointments made under SDWA  Congress entrusts every @EPA Administrator with broad hiring authority under the Safe Drinking Water Act to ensure EPA may efficiently hire experts/professionals if their skills will help better protect human health & safeguard our environment It should have been obvious, but the @EPA Administrator wasn't granted special hiring authority so they could spend taxpayer $ on massive pay raises for aides who waste public resources looking into buying Chick-fil-A's and old hotel mattresses … This #PrideMonth we celebrate the contributions of the #LGBTQ community & continue the fight for progress & equality for all Americans, no matter their sexual orientation or gender identitypic.twitter.com/xae5JaV1I7 Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley, for fighting for children who have been separated from their parents. This is a heartless & inhumane practice, & the Trump administration’s lack of transparency is deeply troubling … Thank you @JohnBKing for this important perspective. It’s inspiring to see young people working together to lift each other’s voices—especially the voices of Americans whose stories have been ignored—and lead where adults have failed  Every American has a right to equal protection under the law. #SCOTUS undermined this principle by narrowly ruling in favor of discrimination … Hadiya Pendleton should’ve been celebrating her 21st birthday today. The best way we can honor Hadiya’s memory—& the memories of the thousands of gun violence victims across the country—is by taking action to end the bloodshed & stop gun violence  Elbowing children in the stomach. Lifting a child by the neck. Kicking a child in the ribs.  Documents examined by University of Chicago law students allege abuse of immigrant children in custody of U.S. Customs and Border Protection  pic.twitter.com/cji1E170gK I’m so proud to see Chicago @fwparker students come to DC & fight for change. I hope their courage & determination will inspire others to act to end gun violencepic.twitter.com/uqvTSCf4Ze I spoke with @deray about the #MarchForOurLives & why we need to make sure all victims of gun violence have their stories heard, from Chicago to Parkland to Santa Fe … There is legislation Congress could act on now that would help address gun violence, including expanding background checks, banning assault weapons and closing a loophole that allows firearms to be fired at the rate of automatic weapons—time for Congress to act & pass these bills I'm proud to see my staff #WearOrange & work each and every week to find solutions to stopping the gun violence epidemicpic.twitter.com/9Z9FCRYMfY Today, we #WearOrange for National Gun Violence Awareness Day to remember those who have lost their lives to gun violence & demand action to stop this tragic epidemicpic.twitter.com/Ubu3vvMb71 Glad to see Illinois lawmakers ratify the #ERA & affirm that women should receive the same rights & protections under the law as men →  Separating kids from their families is inhumane. Proud to join @SenTinaSmith & colleagues in intro’ing a bill to protect the safety of kids who are left vulnerable after their parents have been arrested or detained by immigration authorities … My staff was happy and able to help our Veterans at the @ChicagoVAMC's Veterans Benefits Fair.pic.twitter.com/phFDxoDisK This #MemorialDay, we remember the brave men& women who gave their lives to protect the freedoms we cherish. We must never forget their service and sacrifice& we must do all we can to honor their courage by upholding our duty to support our Veterans, servicemembers&their familiespic.twitter.com/NSpMBucKeL Every American—no matter their gender identity—deserves to feel safe and respected, including when they’re at work. There’s more we have to do to achieve that goal, but this legislation is a move in the right direction This bill is a reflection of the long-overdue change we’re seeing in American society & a rejection of inappropriate behavior that may have been tolerated just a few years ago but was never acceptable I’m proud to have worked with my colleagues on a bipartisan bill to reform Congressional rules to hold bad actors accountable & protect Congressional staff  It’s an honor to serve alongside you, @maziehirono! … ... including those who choose to #TakeAKnee to express outrage at the glaring disparity in how Americans of different races are treated One day, our nation’s flag will drape my coffin, just as it did my Dad’s and will my husband’s and brother’s. I will always stand on these legs for the flag and anthem, but it was ALSO my honor to defend people’s right to free speech...pic.twitter.com/oYVARtH8o6 My staff was on hand today and happy to help our Veterans at the @ChicagoVAMC’s 8th Annual Memorial Day Veterans Hiring and Resource Fairpic.twitter.com/QfGWginCou All moms should have access to clean, safe breastfeeding spaces, whether they travel by plane, train or automobile. My #FAMAct would ensure moms have access to breastfeeding facilities in large & mid-size airports, too →  Two working moms didn’t have access to breastfeeding facilities when traveling in Amtrak train stations, so they took action →  Congratulations to Munashe on being accepted into law school. His work as an intern in my Springfield office speaks for itself, and I wish him a bright future!  I am proud to work alongside my friend @RepDanKildee to make drinking water safe for families in Illinois, #Flint & the nation. Rather than blocking public access, @EPAScottPruitt should support our bill to strengthen the #SDWA Lead & Copper Rule →   … I implore those who remain serving in our career foreign service and national security ranks to do everything in their power to convince the President to re-engage in diplomacy while maintaining our firm alliances with South Korea and Japan These are not the results of a skilled negotiator. They leave us no closer to peaceful denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula & keep us on the brink of renewed conflict in nKorea, which wld be catastrophic & put the lives of countless civilians & American servicemembers at risk Trump and his administration’s erratic behavior, rhetorical missteps and strategic naiveté in recent weeks once again lay bare that the Trump's self-proclaimed "negotiation" skills are just a mirage … #DACA renewals are still possible, but to fully protect #Dreamers from Trump & his Administration’s attacks, I urge my colleagues in Congress to work together & take permanent, comprehensive legislative action & pass the bipartisan #DREAMAct #HereToStay #DACA recipients can find out if they’re able to renew their #DACA today! For info on how to renew, visit @USCIS #HereToStay →  Women who are about to give birth and have been charged with nonviolent offenses shouldn’t have to wait for trial in jail. Glad to see the Illinois legislature pass this humane and commonsense bill to give expecting moms other options →  The simple truth is that Donald Trump and his administration don’t understand what is at stake when they attack women’s healthcare. I will keep fighting in the Senate to ensure no woman is denied affordable healthcare or reliable information about her healthcare options I needed to get basic health care to work, and I trusted my doctors to give me the best & most accurate healthcare advice possible When I was working my way through college as a waitress with the help of student loans and Pell Grants, I relied on @PPFA for personal health care services—just like millions of patients do today—because it was all I could afford on a student’s budget I know what’s at stake when Planned Parenthood and affordable, accessible women’s health care is attacked because I’ve been there This latest attack from the Trump Administration on women’s health is shameful, and its sole aim is to limit women’s—especially women of color’s—healthcare options  .@EPA headquarters is not Scott Pruitt’s personal first class cabin – EPA belongs to the public & he should personally apologize for his forcible removal of an @AP reporter and refusal to allow @CNN & @EENewsUpdates to cover #PFAS summit this morning  Our children—the American people—deserve better than this sort of cowardice in the face of so much preventable violence I’m doing everything in my power to pass commonsense reforms, but the unwillingness of Republicans in Congress to act and end the cycle of gun violence is an absolute moral failure When my daughters are old enough and I send them to school, I hope they won't face dangers in their classrooms like I did on the battlefield It is sickening that more kids have lost their lives in schools this year than servicemembers who willingly risk theirs in combat zones  All who live in Illinois know it's an incredibly diverse state full of fascinating history & culture. This article from @ChicagoMag highlighting our state is worth a read—looks like they found some great gems around Illinois!  My bill, the #PROVEAct, would push back against attempts to chip away at voting rights & continue the fight to expand voting rights by enabling citizens who are 16 and older to preregister to be added to voter rolls when they turn 18 →  pic.twitter.com/nGtVRCyiQR On this day in 1993, the National Voter Registration Act was signed into law to expand Americans' access to voter registration opportunities. 25 years after this historic bill was signed into law, we are seeing attacks on voting rights across the country It’s no #RoyalWedding, but I’ll take it, @WashingtonPost!  This #InfrastructureWeek, I want to highlight some of the IL transportation & infrastructure workers who work hard to build & maintain our states’ bridges, waterways, roads and highways. Thank you for all the work you do!pic.twitter.com/n2XEACYCJD Calling all @ChiPubSchools students: my office & @SenatorDurbin’s office are hosting an All Academies Day tomorrow from 9am-12pm CT at @JonesCollegeHS. Come learn how you can go to college at a US Military Academy without debt and be guaranteed a job after graduationpic.twitter.com/vyYlmiNS2z My #FAMAct, which passed the House last month, would ensure breastfeeding moms traveling thru large- & medium-sized airports have accessible & clean lactation rooms to express breastmilk in—something studies have shown is healthy for moms & babies →  Earlier this year, I intro'd a resolution recognizing Women's Health Research day to underscore the need to increase awareness of sex- & gender-based biomedical research →  This #NationalWomensHealthWeek, make sure to prioritize taking care of yourself and your health! I’m proud to be working in the Senate to advocate for women’s health issues, like my resolution to raise awareness for endometriosis →  Interviewer: “Was there a part of you that was like, ‘This could not happen at my school?’”  Santa Fe High School student: “No. It’s been happening everywhere. I’ve always felt it would eventually happen here, too.”pic.twitter.com/MPxVScd3QE Heartbreaking news from outside Houston. My thoughts are with the victims and their loved ones. No child should ever go to school fearing for their very lives #EnoughIsEnough  .@realDonaldTrump, would you speak that way about your ancestors? Let me tell you something: When you attack immigrants, you're attacking me. You're attacking my grandfather who crossed the Rio Grande to pursue the American Dream. RT to tell Pres. Trump you stand with immigrants! … As the daughter of an immigrant mother, I know firsthand how hard immigrants work & how they make our country a better place. It’s despicable to try & dehumanize those who come to America seeking a better life for themselves & their families … Disappointed in the confirmation of Gina Haspel to be CIA Director. Her confirmation sends a terrible message to the rest of the world that we have turned our backs on promoting human rights around the globe. My full statement here →  pic.twitter.com/7bc10sX4Lk Great turnout at my Mobile Office Hours in Mattoon and Effingham today! Glad my staff was able to help Illinoisans with federal issues, including Veterans Affairs, Social Security, Medicare and other federal benefitspic.twitter.com/0doaEaORsS The young girl who sparked #BrownVBoard, Linda Brown, passed away in March. Today, we remember her courage and follow the trail she and her father blazed pushing for civil rights →  The fight isn’t over to ensure every American, no matter their race or ethnicity, receives equality and justice both in and out of the classroom #BrownVBoardpic.twitter.com/7TMxXfwARA While we commemorate #BrownVBoard, we must also remember that the dream of providing an equal educational opportunity for all children is still unfulfilled 64 years later, & wide disparities in resources still exist between schools and districts in many places It is hard to overstate the importance of #BrownVBoard. A quality education isn’t a luxury, it’s a necessity. And until #BrownVBoard, it was a necessity that was denied to generations of Americans under the guise of “separate but equal” 1/4 of all rail traffic in the US—that’s 1,300 trains a day—passes through Chicago. The strength of America’s transportation systems depends on the strength of Illinois's transportation systems, & it's well past time for an upgrade  Remember this week to thank our country’s transportation workers who work hard every day to maintain & improve our nation’s roads, highways, bridges, waterways & more #InfrastructureWeek It’s #InfrastructureWeek! One of the best things we can do for our state & country is invest in transportation & infrastructurepic.twitter.com/PncKxXxGKv I’m proud to be working with @SenJohnHoeven on this bipartisan legislation that will help better protect rail crewmembers and improve public safety →  No one in America should experience what Amtrak Conductor Michael Case endured while just doing his job. We are all entitled to work in a safe environment, one that is free from violence, harassment and intimidation … This fight isn’t over—we need every American, from consumers to small business owners, to continue speaking up and urging their Representatives and Donald Trump to support this resolution and end their misguided efforts to roll back #NetNeutrality protections Ensuring that everyone has access to a level playing field online—which enables our small businesses to stay competitive and protects startups from being crushed by big corporations before they even get off the ground—is common sense Today, the voices of the American people were heard, and the Senate passed @SenMarkey’s bill to restore #NetNeutrality  BREAKING: The Senate just voted to restore #NetNeutrality! We won.   To all of those who kept fighting and didn’t get discouraged: you did this. You raised your voices and we heard you. Thank you.   Now the fight continues. On to the House! Heading to vote to save #NetNeutrality on the Senate floor with Maile #WorkingMom How would you explain the repeal of Net Neutrality? We did it with the Whopper. Watch the video below:pic.twitter.com/9EWjtbenv8 Today is the day to save #netneutrality. Here's why you should care:  pic.twitter.com/m4b2ZD1CJu Wishing all who are observing #Ramadan a peaceful and blessed monthpic.twitter.com/zBhOb9Rg4a If DoD isn't publishing data because it doesn't fit a political narrative, they're failing to let science inform their understanding of how environmental changes may threaten the ability to train our forces, the safety of our facilities & service members & our military readiness Why did @DeptofDefense revise a January 2018 vulnerability assessment by removing references to climate change and key findings on the risks from sea level rise? @SenBrianSchatz, @SenatorDurbin & I are working with our colleagues to get answers →  The Senate must defeat Haspel’s nomination & send a message to the rest of the world about the American values I fought to defend & our nation’s commitment to condemning torture & promoting human rights around the globe The torture program not only compromised our nation’s values, it helped recruit terrorists and put a much larger target on the backs of U.S. troops and diplomats working in the world’s most dangerous places Torture is illegal, immoral and it does not work. As @SenJohnMcCain frequently says, torture is not about our enemies—it’s about us. We are a nation of laws and believe that all people, no matter how hateful or harmful, are entitled to human dignity Haspel’s defenders suggest “she was just following orders” in directing the destruction of evidence of torture. That defense wouldn’t have protected me on the battlefield if the orders were illegal, and it shouldn’t protect a nominee to be CIA director Haspel did not simply participate in torture—she supported brutal interrogations, ran a CIA black site in Thailand where at least 1 detainee was waterboarded & then attempted to obstruct justice by eliminating evidence of this torture Read my @ChicagoTribune op-ed on why Trump’s @CIA director nominee Gina Haspel’s reprehensible actions should disqualify her from becoming the next CIA director →  This morning, @RepSchneider, @janschakowsky & my staff helped Illinoisans learn more about federal grants & resources available to local governments & community organizationspic.twitter.com/Lf0u5IRanJ I hope this #MothersDay spurs us as a nation to get with the times & act on the policies moms & all parents need to support their families, including equal pay & paid family leave Thank you to every mom who is working tirelessly day in and day out to balance the different challenges in life while always giving their families unconditional love, support and encouragementpic.twitter.com/NCm3gX7hvf Infrastructure Week is still really going well, I see … Every day across America, teachers do incredible things for their students. Last year, bravery & quick-thinking from a teacher at Mattoon High School in IL saved students’ lives #TeacherAppreciationWeek  #Haspel promised not to allow any CIA employee to resume torturing detainees. Does her promise also apply to employees of private contractors being paid by CIA (with your tax dollars)? Fear may be an accurate explanation for CIA torture, but it must never excuse or exonerate those who violated American values and principles by torturing individuals in U.S. custody #TortureIsDisqualifying #Haspel may not have created the CIA program that led to our country torturing detainees, but she disqualified herself from leading the agency by participating in it, failing to oppose torture and attempting to cover up the brutality #TortureIsDisqualifying Torture is NOT tough. Torture is wrong. It endangers American servicemembers and betrays our nation’s values. Torture destroys what makes America truly great: a devotion to the rule of law and respect for human dignity and freedom #TortureIsDisqualifying … Why the warning sign? Why all the red?  We're down to the wire on saving #NetNeutrality. @SenateDems are forcing a vote to make sure the Internet stays free and open, and the countdown clock starts today.pic.twitter.com/62LECByStL Today @SenateDems filed a discharge petition to force a vote on @SenMarkey's resolution to restore #NetNeutrality rules. We just need #OneMoreVote to ensure the resolution passes #SaveTheInternetpic.twitter.com/nxqAka6ZH7 Check out my op-Ed in @thehill #ThinkBabiesandAct #StrollingThunder Sen. Duckworth’s victory can mean big things for families, if Congress acts … Thanks to @kzinsser & all who showed support for #StrollingThunder today! Ensuring that all children in America receive the care & resources they need to lead happy, healthy & safe lives doesn’t just build a better life for our children, it builds a better future for our country He changed this student’s life, and acts of selfless kindness like that are repeated in classrooms all across this country every single day. I hope you take time today to thank the teachers in your life who have encouraged you, mentored you and had a positive impact on your lifepic.twitter.com/CrnKnupKSL I didn’t understand then why he made us stay after school redoing work so many times each week, but I do now. The kids he kept late were all poor kids like me. He was feeding us—and doing it with his public school teacher’s salary “Aw, kids, I’m so sorry that I kept you here so late for extra work. Here’s $10, go to Taco Bell, it’s 2 for 99 cents—get something to eat before you go home.” As 16-yr-olds who thought we knew everything, we loved him but thought he was incompetent because he always kept us late It didn’t always though. Luckily for me, sometimes my English teacher would keep a bunch of us after school—then after a while he’d reach into his own pocketbook and say something like: When I was in high school, my dad lost his job & my family had to rely on food stamps. I still remember going to the grocery store and counting out the last five brown $1 food stamps to get some baloney & white bread, praying it would last through the week I wouldn’t be where I am today if it weren’t for my teachers. This #TeacherAppreciationDay, I want to share a story about one public school teacher (and yearbook advisor) who made a difference in my life My statement on Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the #IranDeal →  pic.twitter.com/TEZAV49bhp Schools are supposed to be places of learning where students feel safe and respected. That is clearly not the case here. Not only is denying bathroom breaks to girls who are menstruating dehumanizing and humiliating, but it poses a very serious threat to their health … Forcibly separating young children from their parents who are fleeing persecution is cruel. I stand with @AmerAcadPeds and @AAPPres today in calling for an end to this terrible practice #ProtectFamilies. The Senate rules change was a move forward, but there are millions of working families who aren’t able to push through updates in their workplace leave policies—we need better leave policies & affordable, accessible childcare services for all Americans  The first 10 ducklings out for a swim. #FeatherFriday #DistrictDucklingspic.twitter.com/ROfhHZGbRu Proud to see a Schaumburg small business owner received @SBAgov's Small Business Person of the Year award →   Small businesses power the engine of our nation's economy. #ShopSmall to celebrate #SmallBusinessWeek and support local businessespic.twitter.com/x54WaF7HDv Add this to the list of reasons why Scott Pruitt needs to resign immediately … Last May, @maziehirono & I introduced a bipartisan bill to honor the contributions & sacrifices of Chinese-American Veterans who served during World War II. I hope our colleagues will join us this #APAHM in supporting this legislation →  #APAHM is a time to take pride in the contributions of the #AAPI community throughout our nation’s history & of the continued contributions of our children & our children’s childrenpic.twitter.com/copqBm4QKU I wrote to @FBI Director Wray last August calling for a criminal investigation into Carl Icahn’s potential violations of federal law & fraudulent activity →  I agree—the Trump Admin’s bailing out of billionaire Carl Icahn betrays American farmers, especially considering Icahn likely violated federal anti-corruption law by trying to use his position as Trump's Special Advisor to change the #RFS … We have the signatures. On May 9th, we officially file the petition to force a vote on the Senate floor to save #NetNeutrality.   #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/BvxnTjGwx5 If this helps allow the state to better handle the public health crisis at IVH Quincy, then that’s a good thing—but the fact remains the Governor has failed at every step of the way and our Veterans deserve much better. … It's not "tough to watch" incredible @Paralympics athletes compete and showcase their talents, it's inspiring. These brave athletes overcome a lot to get to the finish line RT: … .@SenDuckworth wants clarity on pay, benefits issues for guardsmen deployed to southern U.S. border … Our next Sec. of State should be someone who can effectively represent American values to the rest of the world, rebuild the strength & morale of our diplomatic corps & help restore our standing on the world stage. Pompeo will not be that Sec. of State →  pic.twitter.com/dXv6wh59yD Maile got some firsthand experience today at the Capitol for #TakeYourChildToWorkDay. She was so excited to be deputized as the newest Junior Capitol Police Officer!pic.twitter.com/QLA302ehu5 My statement on Ronny Jackson's withdrawal from consideration to be the Secretary of Veterans Affairs →  pic.twitter.com/n3EIWMpDAL While this is encouraging news for #Dreamers, let’s not forget that President Trump chose to create this crisis and put these children at risk. We must pass a permanent, bipartisan solution to protect them from deportation … Glad my staff was available to help Illinoisans in Quincy and Macomb today at our mobile office hourspic.twitter.com/TXSBAPaCeV I urge Governor Rauner to withdraw Illinois from the flawed Interstate Voter Registration Crosscheck Program, a program that disenfranchises Illinois voters, weakens voter registration accuracy and wastes taxpayer dollars  Today, on the anniversary of the Kennedy Serve America Act & during #NationalVolunteerWeek, I wanted to share some highlights from my & my staff’s volunteering efforts & remind every American there are countless ways to give back through acts of service in their communitiespic.twitter.com/UFf9BpSPPl National service is an issue that is near&dear to my heart&to my staff’s hearts, too. That’s why I intro'd the 21st Century American Service Act in 2016, which would expand service opportunities to ensure all young people who want to serve their community have the chance to do so On this day 9 years ago the Kennedy Serve America Act, which reauthorized & expanded @Americorps, was signed into law by President Obama. One of the best things we can do for our country is give back through national service—either in or out of uniform If Trump truly wants to help keep our streets safe & support community safety efforts, he should start by ensuring Chicago & other cities receive grant funding to fight crime & gun violence I’m glad to see the 7th Circuit upheld this injunction—it’s unacceptable for the DOJ to pressure communities to fall in line with Trump’s unjust anti-immigrant policies by threatening to withhold key grant funding for law enforcement  I agree, @HuffPost!  Yesterday’s rule change may only apply to the Senate, but I hope it can serve as a message that working families across America deserve family-friendly workplace policies Happy & honored to introduce Maile Pearl to my colleagues on the Senate floor while doing my job & serving the people of Illinoispic.twitter.com/clj9lrPouy I may have to vote today, so Maile’s outfit is prepped. I made sure she has a jacket so she doesn’t violate the Senate floor dress code (which requires blazers). I’m not sure what the policy is on duckling onesies, but I think we’re readypic.twitter.com/SsNHEuSVnY Family-friendly workplace policies aren’t just a women’s issue, they are a common-sense economic issue By ensuring that no Senator will be prevented from performing their constitutional responsibilities simply because they have a young child, the Senate is leading by example & sending the important message that working parents everywhere deserve family-friendly workplace policies I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, particularly Senator Klobuchar, @RoyBlunt & @SenatorDurbin, for helping bring the Senate into the 21st Century by recognizing that sometimes new parents also have responsibilities at work →  pic.twitter.com/XR55Dt8XKL My thoughts are with the loved ones of the passenger who lost her life on Southwest flight 1380. I’m also in awe of (but not surprised by) Veteran Fighter Pilot Tammie Jo Shults—our military pilots are the best of the best  It is abundantly clear that Scott Pruitt has abused the public trust by using his government position to finance his lavish lifestyle & likely violated ethics rules. He must resign or be fired immediately→  pic.twitter.com/jk2R2jZ36D It must be asked: why is Donald Trump unwilling to get tough on Russia when they’re enabling Assad's repeated use of chemical weapons?  Thank you for sharing your experience, Claire. Those of us with disabilities are made stronger because of, not in spite of, the challenges we face, and no one should ever feel limited due to a disability … I’m proud to advocate for helping families keep in touch with incarcerated loved ones by making phone calls more accessible →  Your story reminds us how important it is for our nation to help families with incarcerated loved ones stay in touch while they repay their debts to society, which has been proven to reduce recidivism rates Congratulations on your admission to @Harvard, Olivia! Your overcoming the hardships you have faced is truly inspiring, and I know you’ll keep making your family, your hometown and your state proud  Encouraged to see Illinois lead by example by working to provide women with clean, safe lactation rooms in circuit courts around the state →  Thank you @MClyburnFCC for 9 years of outstanding service at @FCC, from fighting for #NetNeutrality to working to close the digital divide to supporting my bill to reduce recidivism by helping families stay in touch with incarcerated loved ones  Ensuring advisors put their client’s interests first, and not their own, is common sense. We should strengthen this key consumer protection, not weaken it even further Not only do these “advisors” get free vacations for preying on their clients, but they’re now trying to lobby @SEC_News to weaken the Fiduciary Rule, which ensures retirement advisors provide recommendations that are in their client’s best interests Financial advisors that scam their clients, who are simply trying to plan for their retirement, shouldn’t be rewarded with free vacations, but that’s exactly what happens at some financial firms  Windfall from tax cuts isn’t going to workers: Savings are flowing to company stockholders, trickle to hourly workers.  pic.twitter.com/88raXEdhlZ Being a parent and balancing family and work life isn’t easy. It’s time to modernize our family leave policies for the 21st century. Read my interview with @guardian about family leave policies here →  This is appalling. Every expecting mother and their baby deserves to feel safe and should receive the best treatment possible. We can not let this disparity in death rates—which is driven by racial inequalities—continue any longer  .@SenDuckworth, @DrHeardGarris from Chicago, Illinois, has a message for the young people speaking out to #EndGunViolence, and a message for you: As long as children continue to be injured and killed by guns, pediatricians will continue to speak out to keep them safe.pic.twitter.com/qqWj5V2WTb Glad to speak with @WhatToExpect about how being a mom has shaped my work in Congress, what inspires me & what having children has taught me →  "I'm one of the lucky ones": Barrington survivor, a Jew from Denmark, tells of his concentration camp time #HolocaustRemembranceDay @BurtConstable  This #YomHaShoah, we commemorate the 6,000,000 Jewish lives that were lost in the horrors of the Holocaust. We must never forget those who perished, and we must listen to and learn from those who survived this tragedy .@SenDuckworth just welcomed her baby daughter, Maile Pearl. Read the senator’s Moneyish op-ed on why America needs to overhaul its paid family leave.  I never set out to be the first in anything, and with a lot of these "firsts," it really makes me wonder how it's taken so long. Read more from my interview with @ELLEmagazine about why I ran for office →  .@SenDuckworth reflects on the hardships that have defined her in a #NoteToSelf: "You will re-emerge."  Watch:  pic.twitter.com/36ibAmboiz It’s time we closed the gender pay gap & made sure every American is able to earn a fair wage for their work. I’m a proud cosponsor of the #PaycheckFairnessAct, which would make the pay gap a thing of the past →   In 2018, on average women still only earn 80 cents to every dollar earned by their white male colleagues, and that figure is even less for many women of color #EqualPayDaypic.twitter.com/vuNsXqQpxg In life, perfection isn’t what matters. It’s how you respond to hardship and failure that defines you. I read a note to my younger self on @CBSThisMorning—watch herepic.twitter.com/nlYUyKbF4X Working moms get the job done … We’re also so grateful for the love and support of our friends and family, as well as our wonderful medical teams for everything they’ve done to help us in our decades-long journey to complete our family. Pearl Bowlsbey Johnson was Bryan’s great Aunt, an Army Officer & a nurse who served during the Second World War. He spent many summer months with her while growing up, we feel her presence still and are grateful for her service to our nation during the most challenging of times. Bryan, Abigail and I couldn’t be happier to welcome little Maile Pearl as the newest addition to our family and we’re deeply honored that our good friend Senator Akaka was able to bless her name for us—his help in naming both of our daughters means he will always be with us. … The U.N. Security Council must step in to ensure these barbaric acts are not swept under the rug. Those who remain silent or help enable the use of chemical weapons against innocent civilians have blood on their hands & must be held accountable. There must be an immediate cessation of hostilities in order to allow for humanitarian relief & the evacuation of innocent civilians These disheartening reports confirm that the Assad regime, along with its allies, are emboldened to continue what the entire world knows is an atrocious and inhumane campaign of attacks against innocent men, women and children. … So very, very sad to hear of @SenatorAkaka's passing. He was a true hero from service in WWII & as a staunch defender of Native Hawaiians & #Veterans during decades of public service. All who knew him were blessed to have been in his presence. My love to Auntie Millie&his familypic.twitter.com/UPVPgWPWFn Trump’s attack on thousands of immigrants who are here legally (and their families) & who contribute to our society every day & make our nation stronger & more competitive is devastating: “Thousands of Indian Women Find Their American Dreams in Jeopardy”  Cairo & Thebes, IL, residents have been neglected by HUD & forced to cope w/unacceptable living conditions for too long. These hardworking Illinoisans can’t afford to wait any longer for help finding a new way forward  I'm deeply alarmed that the Trump Administration is attempting to politicize the National Guard&using deployments to advance a political messaging agenda detached from real operational requirements. U.S. military&Fed law enforcement deserve better from their Commander in Chief … People from every corner of the country are speaking up, demanding justice and saying "enough is enough." The fight for civil rights continues, and even in the face of adversity, the American people will march on until Dr. King's dream is realized. #MLK50Forward When Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was taken from us fifty years ago, we lost a guiding light in the fight for equality. But today, we see the passion for freedom he ignited among his fellow Americans burning as bright as ever.pic.twitter.com/xy48k2STeb 43 senators sign onto @SenDuckworth's letter opposing #HB620 bill gutting the Americans with Disabilities Act. Disability rights advocates call it a "huge win" in the fight to protect the #ADA : … My new bill, the Federal Travel Transparency Act, would increase transparency for the Trump Administration—& any future administration—by making the air travel activities of cabinet secretaries & agency leaders open to the public →  It’s @EPA Administrator Pruitt’s job to protect our public health and environment, not spend tens of thousands of taxpayer dollars jet setting around the country That a $100,000 per month contract for use of a private jet was even discussed as a travel option for Pruitt shows why all cabinet officials should be required by law to disclose how they spend your tax dollars on their travel … The @SpecialOlympics turns 50 this year. Did you know it has roots in Southern Illinois? via @TheSouthern  I’ve never questioned my decision to oppose Scott Pruitt’s nomination to lead EPA. I knew Pruitt would fail to protect my constituents’ public health, but even I would not have predicted the level of contempt and disregard this former AG would have for basic ethical standards Scott Pruitt, Administrator of “Do as I Say, Not as I Do”  Last fall, @SenatorDurbin & I joined 12 of our Senate colleagues in sending a letter to the @FCC calling for an open investigation into the objectivity of the FCC’s review of the merger of Sinclair Broadcasting & Tribune Media →  An impartial & un-biased news media is absolutely critical to a healthy democracy, & Sinclair’s “must-run” segments are clearly neither. Every American should be concerned about who owns their local TV stations & whether their station is airing facts or opinion They got the script wrong. It should read, “Sinclair’s use of local TV stations around the country to push political propaganda is dangerous to our democracy" … Illinois’s own @Fermilab Director Nigel Lockyer talks with @BBCWorld about the upcoming @DUNEScience project, the Higgs boson & unlocking the mysteries of particle physics  Thanks to your calls, visits, emails, and tweets, 43 Senators signed-on to @SenDuckworth's letter opposing #HR620. These Senators have pledged to vote against any bill that would weaken the #ADA. #StopHR620 #HandsOffMyADA  … Wishing everyone celebrating today a very happy #Easter!pic.twitter.com/04QSJFkNJe To all celebrating #Pesach this evening, I wish you and your loved ones a happy Passover #ChagSameachpic.twitter.com/LwsOvLwtw9 It’s deeply disturbing how a few partisan political appointees in the Trump Administration are so focused on advancing a dangerous plan to privatize @DeptVetAffairs that they are willing to disregard our nation’s Veterans to do it … If the big banks are still big, Wall Street bonuses are back to pre-crisis levels, median household income is only up 5.3% & inequality has grown, have we really learned anything since the 2008 Financial Crisis? If we haven’t learned anything, how will we prevent a future crisis? … The stories and daily trauma of students from the South Side of Chicago deserve just as much attention as the tragic mass shootings … On today’s @PodSaveThePpl, I spoke with @SenDuckworth re: gun control, net neutrality and more. And there’s a round-up of the news with @MsPackyetti, @samswey, & @ClintSmithIII. Listen here: … Great to join @deray on @PodSaveThePpl to talk about gun safety, #NetNeutrality, paid family leave, the best piece of advice I’ve ever received & more. Listen here → … We're also proud of @SenDuckworth who signed the letter urging @CFPBDirector to keep payday protections safe. The group believes @CFPB's role is as a watchdog for American consumers & to make "our financial markets safe, fair, & transparent" Thank you, Senator! #StopTheDebtTrap … My statement on Trump's firing of @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Shulkinpic.twitter.com/CY9uFFD2Dd You don’t truly support our Veterans if you’re not willing to acknowledge and support them through the ugly havoc war can wreak on their lives Many Veterans who suffer from PTSD struggle with addiction and land in legal jeopardy. It’s easy to pay lip service to supporting our troops and Veterans until they come home with complicated and often invisible wounds that they will carry for the rest of their lives Thanks for noticing, @RedState, but you’re wrong. I actually have two legs. They’re made of titanium, and they don’t buckle.pic.twitter.com/uj2aIO0Ahr Donald Trump doesn’t need more hawkish advisors around him who avoided fighting for our nation in war but are eager to send our sons and daughters into danger now … This is the equivalent of Trump & the GOP putting their fingers in their ears and shouting. The 2020 Census, which the Constitution says must count every single person in America (not just citizens), will be less accurate thanks to this baseless & political intimidation tactic … Airline industry workers across the country should be able to organize & fight for their rights  Linda Brown was just a girl when she changed the course of history. Thanks to her bravery, generations of Americans have grown up in a country that knows ‘separate but equal’ is inherently unequal. Let’s remember her courage as we continue the march for equality & justice for all … My full statement on Bolton’s appointment as National Security Advisor →  Mr. Bolton’s disastrous record during the Bush Administration is all the proof anyone should need that he lacks the judgment necessary to serve as National Security Advisor Presidents need intelligent people around them to debate tough issues & give strategic advice on complex #NatSec challenges. John Bolton’s appointment to NSA is yet another example of Trump choosing chaos over steady & consistent leadership our nation deserves … I was proud to join so many young people at the #MarchForOurLives saying #EnoughIsEnough. I wasn’t just there for (& with) my daughter, but also to remember everyone we’ve lost to needless gun violence & protect all our children. The bills are already written & deserve a votepic.twitter.com/aPjW3SwOZf But Donald Trump’s decision tonight would not only prevent qualified servicemembers from protecting this country at a time when we can’t afford to turn anyone away, it also goes against our nation’s values of inclusion and equality. It is blatantly discriminatory. If someone is brave enough to be willing to put their life on the line for this country and they are capable of doing the job our military needs—regardless of gender identity, sexual orientation or race—we shouldn’t stop them. When my Blackhawk helicopter was shot down in Iraq, it didn’t matter to me if the troops risking their lives to help save me were gay, straight, transgender or anything else; all that mattered to me was that they were American GIs. … I didn’t literally risk life and limb serving in our military because I’m a Democrat—I risked everything for my country and my fellow Americans because I’m an American … Our nation owes a debt of gratitude to Americans willing to risk their lives while serving in our Armed Forces. Miguel's deportation—after he was failed by his government time & again—would be a shocking betrayal of someone who served his country during wartime You have the authority to exercise discretion in making sure Miguel’s appeals are properly adjudicated, & you have a responsibility to make sure that @DHSgov is careful to plan a removal that appropriately notifies his family & protects Miguel's safety if he is removed .@DHSgov @SecNielsen: you have the power to prevent @USArmy Veteran Miguel Perez from being deported TODAY. I urge you to personally review his case before forcing his deportation through without giving him time to even say goodbye to his loved onespic.twitter.com/4yngubPCK2 Let’s go, Ramblers, you got this! Rooting for you all to continue this magical run #OnwardLU As the sponsor of the Senate’s #CCAMPIS Reauthorization bill, I'm proud to have championed & secured funding for on-campus child care for student parents  Proud to join @SenatorDurbin and 22 of our Senate colleagues in calling on @DHSgov to answer to recent reports that they are separating refugee parents & their children at the U.S. Border →  My statement on my support of a bipartisan effort to direct President Trump to remove unauthorized U.S. troops from hostilities in Yemen →  pic.twitter.com/wAY3k9jtnR Proud to introduce two highly-qualified nominees for the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals, Michael Y. Scudder, Jr. and U.S. District Judge Amy St. Eve, at a Senate Judiciary Cmte hearing today. I know they will serve their fellow Americans wellpic.twitter.com/7F3NFysBs9 An American president does not lead the Free World by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections. And by doing so with Vladimir Putin, President Trump insulted every Russian citizen who was denied the right to vote in a free and fair election.  … .@SenDuckworth's new legislation supports veterans and veteran families reduce unemployment by improving access to child care services for those participating in workforce and job training programs.   …pic.twitter.com/e1sRT2gLdH Sen. Tammy Duckworth on being 1st senator to give birth while in office: 'It hurts our country to not have universal family leave'  pic.twitter.com/5XgsdAP6Z4 Veterans should have the support and resources they need to smoothly transition back into civilian life. Yesterday, I joined @SenDuckworth and others in introducing a bill to help ensure that veterans can access child care as they seek employment. The brave men and women who have worn the uniform of this great nation shouldn’t be forced to choose between taking care of their child and finding a job. Read more about my bill to help Vets here →  Relieved to hear this mom & her daughter—who fled to the US because they feared for their lives—have been reunited. We need answers from @DHSgov on why this happened in the first place & what they'll do to stop this cruel & inhumane policy  For #WomensHistoryMonth we are celebrating women making a difference today. Here's to @SenDuckworth!pic.twitter.com/AWXwdFXnoc Huge congrats to @LoyolaChicago Ramblers on another exciting victory! Here’s to busting Sister Jean’s bracket in the Sweet 16! “H.R. 620 will just make it easier for recalcitrant business owners to avoid the nuisance (read, expense) of providing equal access.” Important read from @architectmag on why #HR620 is so dangerous #SaveTheADA … Very sad news about a trailblazing woman I was honored to serve with in the House. My thoughts are with her family, friends and loved ones  Nope. Racism is not ok. … Congrats to @LoyolaChicago on the exciting last-second win! You’re making Illinois proud Happy birthday to #NotoriousRBG! Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is an inspiration to people across America for her spirit, dedication to doing the right thing & service to her nationpic.twitter.com/UWsnOKjmqW From Stephen Hawking, one of humanity’s most brilliant minds and brightest stars: “I want to show that people need not be limited by physical handicaps as long as they are not disabled in spirit.”  pic.twitter.com/peIMBy6EsD It doesn’t matter how old you are—every American has a voice. It’s inspiring to see young Illinoisans say #enough is enough & fight for what they believe in  Trump denies Russian involvement in murder. Tillerson admits it, is fired. Hmm.  …pic.twitter.com/KivdHOi7ko Supporting torture should disqualify people from having the privilege of serving the American people in government ever again, but apparently Donald Trump thinks it merits promotion. I couldn’t disagree more Who we confirm for these posts will send a message to the rest of the world on America’s commitment, or lack thereof, to condemning torture & promoting human rights Trump’s new nominee to be Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, has not expressed any moral opposition to torture. His nominee to be @CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has done much worse (incl directly supervising the torture of detainees & helping destroy video evidence of those abuses) Rather than taking serious steps to ensure stability or fill our diplomatic corps, once again Donald Trump has chosen chaos over the kind of leadership the American people desperately need and deserve It’s troubling that Donald Trump’s reaction to Tillerson’s support of a close American ally facing threats from Russia was to fire him … Happy #GirlScoutDay! Proud to be a #GirlScout & thankful for all the lessons and skills @GirlScouts taught me. I think my old uniform could use a few more badges!pic.twitter.com/bhylZercP7 The Trump WH’s handling of this entire incident has been shameful & shows what happens when our country’s immigration policies are driven by fear and hate. This child shouldn’t have to wait another day to see her mom again, & the Administration should reunite them immediately This is a move in the right direction, but there is still a little 7yr old girl sitting in a Chicago detention center, scared & wondering whether she’ll ever see her mom again … Appreciate @AjitPaiFCC’s commitment to working with me to pass legislation to address predatory inmate calling rates. I look forward to working with him to advance our bipartisan Inmate Calling Technical Corrections Act  For families of the incarcerated, talk is not cheap. Staying in touch is expensive, with a single call costing what most of us spend on a monthly unlimited plan. Kudos @SenDuckworth @senrobportman @CoryBooker @BrianSchatz for leading the way to make prison phone rates more fair. Applaud today's bipartisan intro of #phonejustice bill from @SenDuckworth @SenRobPortman @SenBooker @SenBrianSchatz. My statement:pic.twitter.com/qMgvKevn06 My statement on President Trump’s announcement that he plans to meet with Kim Jong Un in May →  pic.twitter.com/yKWwVKtFJV This #InternationalWomensDay, it’s time we got with the times and updated our family and parental leave policies for the 21st century @Moneyish  Thank you to the countless women across the world who are working hard to make a difference. As we celebrate #InternationalWomensDay, remember to keep marching & striving for changepic.twitter.com/urlNz4Sqpb Our bipartisan bill ensures that prison phone call rates are fair so family members can more easily afford to stay in touch w/incarcerated loved ones, which will lower recidivism rates & give rehabilitated offenders a chance to succeed Today, @senrobportman @CoryBooker @SenBrianSchatz & I introduced the Inmate Calling Technical Corrections Act to strengthen the nation’s criminal justice system, reduce recidivism & ultimately save taxpayer dollars →  Illinois Veterans at the IVH Quincy can’t afford to wait—we need a concrete plan from Governor Rauner now … It’s also clear that the long-vacant US Ambassador to South Korea post needs to be filled so we can ensure our efforts in the region are coordinated & that we develop a coherent policy & strategy This promising development isn't without risk, but it's the best opening we’ve had in years. The US must be prepared to seize this opportunity, which will require tight coordination across gov't & with our allies This represents a significant diplomatic opportunity, and we must be prepared to take advantage of this window … President Trump must stop playing politics with #Dreamers' lives & blocking bipartisan solutions & instead start working in good faith with Congress to help #Dreamers Last year, President Trump created a crisis & put #Dreamers at risk by rescinding #DACA. 6 months later & Pres Trump’s actions are still harming #Dreamers & their loved ones "Our servicemembers shouldn’t be forced to rely on food stamps to feed themselves – but at the very least, we must ensure that those who need food stamps have access to them” -- @SenDuckworth … Go, Olivia! Inspiring story from @bellevillenewsd: What do these Mascoutah state bowling champions have in common? Their wheelchairs  What do I want future history textbooks to say about women’s activism in 2018? That 2018 was the year women said enough was enough, showed up, made their voices heard and changed the course of history  Rolling back Americans with disabilities’ civil rights because some businesses—who have had nearly 30 years to comply with the #ADA—don’t want to make their facilities fully accessible for all is unjust and disgraceful. We must #StopHR620 … Russia attacked our nation, stole voter files from Illinois, and meddled in our election—and the President has done nothing. With the 2018 elections coming up, it’s vital that we secure our voting systems from foreign interference  After serving in the military, Senior Airman & @Illinois_Alma grad student Terri Ann Daniels continues serving her country through community service & advocating for her fellow Vets  Those countries who refuse the adoption and adherence to more stringent ceasefires will have blood on their hands and should be held accountable A ceasefire without loopholes must take effect immediately and international convoys must be allowed access to deliver urgently needed humanitarian aid and to help facilitate the evacuation of its residents The adoption of a ceasefire riddled w/loopholes in Syria over the weekend represents a failure of moral leadership at the UN Security Council. This resolution has only enabled Assad&his allies to continue their barbaric attacks on innocent men, women&kids  Thank you, @USGLC, for inviting me to join! America has long served as leader of the free world, not only because of our strong military, but also because of our values, culture and economy … Make no mistake—opponents of organized labor are well-funded and relentless in advancing union-busting campaigns. We must work together and challenge these growing dangers to America’s middle-class #SCOTUS is considering #JanusvAFSCME, a case that could force unions to offer benefits to people who don't want them while making it harder for those who do want benefits to get them Union jobs provide our Servicemembers and Vets w/ the economic opportunities they’ve earned, help working moms & dads put food on the table, & power the engine of our economy: our middle class Pragmatic, bipartisan solutions on gun reform do exist—the bills are already written. Republican leaders in Congress have the power right now to bring up legislation to protect not just our kids but all Americans from gun violence  pic.twitter.com/V4gdz74aZE This is a difficult read that paints a tragic picture of the dangers weapons like AR-15s pose to our children … 27 million people across the world are suffering from modern slavery right now. Enough is enough—we need to end slavery #EndItMovement … It’s 2018, but #AAPI women still are paid less on average than their male colleagues. Every woman in America should get equal pay for equal work—we need #AAPIEqualPay now … ICYMI: I spoke with @Politico’s #WomenRule podcast about the challenges working mothers across the country face every day & why we need more family-friendly policies … Torture is wrong. It betrays our values, undermines the rule of law & violates our Constitution. Howard Nielson, who helped author the Torture Memos, is unfit to serve a lifetime appointment as a federal judge, & the Senate should reject his nomination  We need to ensure our state’s leaders—including our Governor—follow through on their plans to implement a viable long-term solution for Legionella so that every Veteran whose life is entrusted to the state of Illinois is in a safe facility Within hours of my visit to the Quincy VA Home yesterday, another Vet was diagnosed with a case of Legionnaires’ Disease. Our Veterans—and their families—deserve the very best, and what keeps happening here in Quincy is entirely unacceptablepic.twitter.com/lW1tiVU2ci Discussed identity theft and the vulnerability of military Active Duty and Veterans with @FTC Commissioner Nominees Rohit Chopra and Joseph Simons this week—both are excellent candidates and highly qualified to join the FTCpic.twitter.com/0WepaCf5QE I am proud of my Chinese-Thai heritage, and I look forward to celebrating many more contributions from the Asian American community in the years ahead On the Lunar New Year today, the year of the dog begins, and we honor the many ways Asian Americans have helped strengthen our economy and enrich our culture for generations My statement on Special Counsel Mueller’s indictments of Russians for interfering in 2016 electionspic.twitter.com/iipi0rSKNk .@EPAScottPruitt claims he wants to lead a “war on lead,” but how does he plan to do so when he & the White House are busy trying to slash critical funding for programs that reduce lead poisoning?  With 3 new cases of Legionnaires’ disease at the Quincy IL Vets Home, it's clear that Gov Rauner needs to act now to end this crisis & ensure that Vets who have served & sacrificed for our country receive the care & respect they have earned  “I want to fight for this country. I’m willing to die for it. Do the right thing.” It’s unjust & irresponsible to let #Dreamers who are willing to risk their lives for this country remain in limbo without #DACA. We need to act now to help these #Dreamers  Even though the President and his administration did everything they could to prevent the Senate from passing any bipartisan deal today, we cannot give up. I encourage my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to continue to work together to solve this manufactured crisis Both of these bills, while far from perfect, would have lifted the inhumane threat of deportation that countless #Dreamers face because of President Trump and allowed Dreamers to continue to contribute to our country, the only one many of them have ever known I’m disappointed that despite the best efforts of many Senators from both parties, the Senate failed to pass a bipartisan compromise on immigration today  Every American deserves to know whether lobbyists are advocating for the American people’s interests or the interests of a foreign government. Time to update #FARA →  Thanks to the bipartisan coalition of 192 House Members who tried to defeat #HR620 today. I will fight tooth and nail in the Senate to keep this bill from advancing, and I call on my Senate colleagues to join me What clearer sign do Members of Congress need to know that #HR620 is wrong for our country? Is brave Americans with disabilities being dragged out of the House gallery while fighting for their rights not enough? … Thank you for your powerful words, @repjohnlewis. You are a true hero for defending the civil rights of all Americans #DisabilityRightsAreCivilRights … That’s why I STRONGLY urge all of my colleagues in the House to recognize that #DisabilityRightsAreCivilRights by voting NO on #HR620 If you don't live with a disability, you might not think of #ADA violations as significant at 1st glance, but I assure you they're significant for those of us who do live with disabilities I understand that not everyone thinks about these things because for most of my adult life I didn’t either. But the truth is that everyone is just one bad day away from needing accessible options the #ADA requires to help them get around Being unable to independently enter a movie theater, store, hotel or restaurant is not only humiliating, it limits the freedom to pursue certain jobs, access necessary services & enjoy basic conveniences that most Americans don’t think twice about Supporters of #HR620 don’t deny that they’re violating the law—they just resent being sued for “minor” #ADA infractions. But an incline that is “only” a few degrees too steep, or an entrance that is “only” a few inches high, can determine if I’m able to access an area w/out help THREAD on #HR620 ↓  Ever since I lost my legs when an RPG tore thru the cockpit of my Blackhawk I was flying over Iraq, getting around has been difficult—even w/the #ADA, I can’t always enter public spaces & have to spend a lot of time planning how to get frm 1 place to the next Yet another tragic, needless school shooting in Florida today. My heart goes out to all the families impacted. There’s so much more we can do to prevent this kind of violence, and we simply have to do better. Representatives from community colleges across Illinois visited D.C. yesterday to underscore the need to make college more affordable for students & highlight other key education issuespic.twitter.com/btSc0ong1a I agree, @SenDuckworth. I urge the House to defeat H.R. 620, which undermines the Americans with Disabilities Act. #DisabilityRightsAreCivilRights & I join you in the fight to #StopHR620. #HandsOffMyADA … .@Servicewomen CEO Lydia Watts & I agree—we must work to ensure those who serve in our nation’s military receive the opportunities, protections, benefits & respect they’ve earned through their service, men and women alikepic.twitter.com/7SvVelPTk6 The opioid epidemic is affecting people across the country. @CADCA & I discussed substance abuse prevention & treatment & how we can combat the opioid epidemic last weekpic.twitter.com/XL9xSV9uYY On Thursday, @SenDuckworth and I will welcome Illinoisans to Washington, D.C for coffee, donuts, and a conversation about our work in the Senate. If you’re in town, we hope you can join us. Contact my office at 202-224-2152 for details. This offensive and dangerous bill would make Americans living with disabilities second-class citizens again. We can’t let that happen  US businesses have had almost 30 years to make their facilities accessible for all. It’s astounding that they’re instead investing their time and resources on a propaganda campaign to convince Congress to sanction discrimination I strongly urge my colleagues in the House to reject this bill when it comes to the floor this Thursday #DisabilityRightsAreCivilRights Even as advocates for Americans living w/disabilities protested & were arrested during the hearing tonight, the House Rules Committee just advanced a bill that would gut ADA protections for people with disabilities #StopHR620 There is still more we must do to fulfill our commitment to our Veterans & ensure that when they come home after serving they have access to the care, resources & tools they earned & deserve ICYMI: yesterday was the 3rd anniversary of the Clay Hunt SAV Act, which I helped introduce to reduce Veteran suicide & improve @DeptVetAffairs mental health services  Heartbreaking news from the Thompson Center in Chicago. My deepest condolences to the family of the officer killed, and my heartfelt thanks to the first responders who fought to save his life  Happy #GalentinesDay to all the women of the U.S. Senate!pic.twitter.com/24in3nsIju Olympic gold medalist @chloekimsnow is the daughter of an immigrant father who came to America determined to make a better life for his family. Their story is the story of immigration in America. My Senate colleagues should keep it in mind this week.pic.twitter.com/cpzwxqrhYL My statement on President Trump's infrastructure proposal →  pic.twitter.com/OXClJzpFE2 The Senate can act TODAY & help give #Dreamers a path to become citizens of the only nation they call home. We’re ready to get this done.pic.twitter.com/aV3urMSlL6 Mr. Perez deserves the opportunity to stay in the country he was raised in and whose citizens he defended. His parents and children are U.S. citizens, and his removal would have a serious adverse impact on the health of this combat Vet & that of his family What has happened to Miguel Perez—who earned the right to become a U.S. citizen by serving in the military—should never have happened in the first place, but I’m going to try everything in my power to prevent this disgraceful treatment of a Veteran  Glad to speak with @hereandnow about President Trump’s military parade, why we need better family leave policies & more … Olympics diplomacy or not, north Korea is still a threat. We—as Americans and citizens of the world—can't afford to allow a brief image of camaraderie eclipse the very real threat of war from north Korea  #BlackHistoryMonth is a time to celebrate a community whose incredible accomplishments have pushed this country forward and made us a better and stronger nationpic.twitter.com/MzPI6rTkDf I urge Illinoisans to take precautions ahead of severe winter storms in NW IL & follow @NWSChicago & @ReadyIllinois for info on how prepare for & stay safe during severe storms Our bill supports innovative partnerships between colleges & businesses that work to prepare students for jobs in high-skill industries like manufacturing, health care, clean energy & tech →  Proud to join @SenTinaSmith, @SenFeinstein & Senator Kaine in introducing the #CC2C Act—a bill to make education more affordable for students & help close the achievement gappic.twitter.com/UJ37KxCg6v Congratulations to all the Illinoisans competing at the PyeongChang Winter Olympics. I can’t wait to cheer you on!  Our troops in danger overseas don’t need a show of bravado, they need steady leadership, long-term funding and resources so they can stay safe while protecting and defending our nation This parade would not only waste millions of taxpayer dollars, it would also cost our military precious time and resources  I’m speaking on the Senate floor about #FMLA25 and why we need to modernize our family and parental leave policies. Watch here →   What’s one change that could help women AND men at work? Universal paid family leave! I spoke with @qz about paid family leave, my advice on how to succeed and more →  Welcome to #HowWellWin: a year-long exploration of the fight for gender equality from @QuartzatWork. Today, look out for The Visionaries: Provocative interviews with 50 of the world’s most-qualified and ambitious women across every industry.pic.twitter.com/I0YCQgeDr0 Daniel Wright Middle School (Lincolnshire, IL) will be returning to the National Finals of the NSB this April – congrats! #NSB2018 @District103  … 25 years ago, the Family & Medical Leave Act was signed into law. Today, the US is 1 of 2 countries in the world that doesn't offer paid maternity leave, & it still doesn't offer paid parental or family leave, either. Time for that to change #FMLA25  Thankfully, there are better quotes from better Republican Presidents. Here’s one from Theodore Roosevelt—a Republican who earned the applause he received—that Trump might want to considerpic.twitter.com/WAhvB23zGJ We don't live in a dictatorship or a monarchy. I swore an oath—in the military and in the Senate—to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, not to mindlessly cater to the whims of Cadet Bone Spurs and clap when he demands I clap … In case Trump doesn't have a Constitution handy, I went ahead and found the definition of treason from Article 3 for him:pic.twitter.com/q30gzNzjLG When paychecks are up $1.50 / week but retirement accounts disappear because the stock market crashes, is that something to celebrate?   … Last November, I asked Ms White to explain why she thought #RFS raised food prices (it didn’t) and why she claimed that ethanol production “literally” takes food out of the mouths of millions (it doesn’t). Her response? She admitted she was wrong—something we both agreed onpic.twitter.com/ldjw4JYtlk It’s abundantly clear that Kathleen Hartnett White—a climate change denier & critic of #RFS—is in no way qualified to lead the Council on Environmental Quality. Withdrawing her nomination is the right thing to do for the CEQ & the country →  There is nothing American about tearing families apart – & given his own family history, surely Vice President Pence would agreepic.twitter.com/w9JWNlYkp6 Family reunification recognizes that what makes a family American is a shared commitment to the values of freedom and equality that are enshrined in the Constitution, not where the family is frompic.twitter.com/BIDZY4CzBN This is not how effective Presidents help Americans recover from natural disasters.  We need our commander-in-chief to change course, try to forge bipartisan agreements on issues like immigration, and present the American people with a more positive and inclusive message that moves us forward as a nation. Tonight, President Trump failed on each of these counts. He made little mention of smaller communities that he promised to help rebuild during his campaign. He failed to propose an infrastructure plan&focused only on public-private partnerships, which would force new tolls&taxes on middle-class families&fall seriously short of needs. &I hoped he'd propose a bipartisan plan to lift the threat of deportation Dreamers face b/c of him. Instead, he engaged in more reckless rhetoric that divides instead of unites—&that already caused countless diplomatic crises&brought us2the brink of nuclear war w/ #northKorea. I hoped he would present a serious infrastructure plan that makes the investments we desperately need to rebuild our crumbling roads, tunnels and bridges. I hoped he would offer a plan to rebuild rural communities that have been left behind like Cairo, Illinois. With the world watching, I hoped Donald Trump would finally remember some of the promises he made to the American people and display the leadership needed to unify this nation. By the way—does the President know there are people from Muslim-majority countries with similar stories—and a similar yearning for freedom—as Seong-ho? If so, maybe now would be a good time to reconsider his racist #MuslimBan? And why did he sign a Presidential Proclamation that blocks people like Seong-ho from coming here. The proclamation literally says: “The entry into the United States of nationals of North Korea as immigrants and nonimmigrants is hereby suspended.” … What I’m confused by is why the Trump administration would hold up this testament when his “merit-based” immigration proposal would prevent people like Ji Seong-ho from coming to our country. I agree with Trump’s assessment of Seong-ho—and was honored to meet with him while in Korea last month—he is truly a testament to the human spirit and any country would be honored to call him a citizen. Trump just recognized north Korean defector Ji Seong-ho in his #SOTU as "a testament to the yearning of every human sould to live in freedom." … Tonight, I’m proud to show my support at #SOTU for 2 very important causes: a #TimesUp pin in solidarity w/every American fighting to end sexual harassment in the workplace, & a purple ribbon to raise awareness for those affected by the devastating opioid epidemicpic.twitter.com/FmPq6LQ8v9 In the words of Dr. Thomas, the Cairo community doesn’t need a hand out – they need a helping hand. We're both hoping President Trump will remember his campaign promise to help forgotten communities like Cairo in the #SOTU tonight I am honored to be joined by Dr. Lisa Thomas, principal of Cairo Junior / Senior High School, for #SOTU. Dr. Thomas is an inspiring voice for the people of Cairo & has a powerful message about Cairo & communities like it across the countrypic.twitter.com/NdapwXaVmD And my final question for @EPAScottPruitt: did you find Morocco, a country in North Africa, to be a “sh*thole” country, as President Trump eloquently put it? Administrator Pruitt’s response speaks for itselfpic.twitter.com/yFJoSZgFWU Traveling to another country to promote natural gas sales sounds more like a job for the Energy Secretary or someone running for governor of Oklahoma. My Q for @EPAScottPruitt: what does the sale of natural gas have to do w/the @EPA? He was unable to give me a straight answerpic.twitter.com/1m4bIIRKiX .@EPAScottPruitt recently spent tens of thousands of taxpayer dollars traveling to Morocco to promote US sales of natural gas, but natural gas is under the jurisdiction of @ENERGY, not @EPA Today at an EPW Cmte hearing, I asked @EPAScottPruitt several simple yes or no questions about preventing lead and, in Pruitt’s own words, his “war on lead”. He was unable to give me a straight answerpic.twitter.com/rUhfvEMREP We’re introducing the #ANTIQUITIESActOf2018 today to protect our #MonumentsForAll from the Trump administration’s unprecedented and illegal attacks on our #PublicLands. #KeepItPublicpic.twitter.com/wBtBtooXqj The prospect of war with north Korea is far more dangerous—& far more likely—than many Americans realize. The Trump Administration must have an open & honest discussion with the American people about the costs a war with north Korea would have … ICYMI: I spoke with @FaceTheNation about why we need more women in leadership & family-friendly policies & why Trump shouldn’t be questioning my—or anyone’s—support for our military men and women →  Great meeting with students at the Chicago Military Academy last Friday. Service—both in and out of uniform—has been a driving force in my life, and I was inspired by the dedication to service the students at Chicago Military Academy showedpic.twitter.com/pNjAOFjBTl I'll be on @FaceTheNation this morning—tune in at 9:30 am CT to watch   On @FaceTheNation this Sunday: @SenDuckworth joins the program to discuss becoming the first senator to have a baby while in office. Tune in!  pic.twitter.com/bHkmGB1c8Z .@SenDuckworth is urging @POTUS to use his #SOTU speech to encourage our Republican colleagues to work with us on a bipartisan agreement that funds our domestic priorities and provides the resources we need to protect our veterans. … This @nytimes report underscores how critical it is that Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation remain independent & protected from influence or interference from the White House  It doesn't matter what the color of your skin is, what your gender is, or whom you love—if you have the will and ability to serve in our nation's military, you should be able to do so. That’s what makes our military truly great  Congratulations to the 6 incredible women who recently became the first women in the @USArmy to earn the Expert Infantryman Badge. You prove exactly why the @DeptofDefense was right to allow women to serve in all military roles, an action that was long overdue If we as a nation want to make sure women have access to the best health care possible, we need to start by ensuring a diversity of women are included in biomedical research #WomensHealthResearchDay Women of all stripes, socioeconomic statuses and ages have different medical needs than men, but they are often underrepresented in important biomedical and clinical trials Proud to join @JanSchakowsky & 27 of our colleagues in the Senate & House in intro’ing the 1st-ever resolution designating today as #WomensHealthResearchDay →  As @usmayors #USCMwinter18 meeting continues in DC, @SenDuckworth and I heard from Illinois mayors this morning. Our mayors are leading the way with efforts to improve our local communities, and I’m proud to partner with them.pic.twitter.com/orTNH52OW5 .@CIA Director Pompeo’s remarks underscore how critical it is for Trump to end the bluster & baiting tweets—we need steady leadership now as much as ever in dealing w/ #northKorea  Thank you for the outpouring of congratulations and support. I’m hardly alone or unique as a working parent, and my daughter Abigail has only made me more committed to doing my job and standing up for hardworking families everywhere Wanted to share some exciting personal news...pic.twitter.com/ZZyu9pG2nq One year ago, millions of women across the country and around the world marched and showed they are a force to be reckoned with. As we look ahead in the new year, remember to keep bringing that passion and keep making your voices heardpic.twitter.com/7OPX1MRDA4 "I will not be lectured about what our military needs by a five-deferment draft dodger." Democratic Senator Tammy Duckworth, a decorated war vet and double amputee, responds to Pres. Trump's accusation that the Democrats are holding the "military hostage" during the shutdown.pic.twitter.com/sQwpTfzBGU .@SenateGOP should stop blocking legislation Sen. Claire McCaskill introduced to guarantee military pay and death benefits for our servicemembers & start working with @SenateDems to find a way forward w/ bipartisan solutions Right now, there are brave men and women serving on the front lines around the world. They and their families deserve to know their pay and – if necessary – military death benefits are secured during the #TrumpShutdownpic.twitter.com/gFdpLpwz3R So why did @SenateGOP object to my request that we guarantee pay and death benefits for servicemembers this afternoon? It’s simply shameful. #TrumpShutdown Making sure our military men and women are paid and, if they make the ultimate sacrifice for their nation, that their families can receive military death benefits is a no-brainerpic.twitter.com/MOobRmluss So disappointed that Senate Republicans just objected to me asking to pay our military and guarantee death benefits for military families. This should be something we can all agree on. Will be on @CNN to discuss why in a minute. Hope you'll tune in. I’m speaking on the Senate floor NOW to call on Congressional Republicans to ensure our servicemembers and their families receive pay and, if necessary, death benefits during the #TrumpShutdown. Watch live here →   At 3:45/2:45CT, I’m going to the Senate floor to ask the GOP to guarantee that our servicemembers get paid and military families are taken care of regardless of how long this shutdown goes on. I’m still hoping they don’t say “no” again, but let’s see. WATCH: Duckworth torches Trump: I won't be lectured on what our military needs by a "five-deferment draft dodger"  pic.twitter.com/O8BUkWGshx pic.twitter.com/rNrzPVOvks I will not be lectured about what our military needs by a five-deferment draft dodger. … I am speaking on the Senate floor to call out @SenateGOP for playing the blame game & forcing the #TrumpShutdown instead of working with Democrats to find bipartisan solutions →   Ryan, McConnell&Trump could address these concerns w/bipartisan Republican-written bills that solve each of these problems&they know it. That they haven’t—even though they control all levers of gov't—jeopardizes not just our military, but the very people we took an oath to serve. ...and it leaves hundreds of thousands of Dreamers in a state of uncertainty. Enough is enough. I didn’t spend 23 years in the military going through multiple deployments just to weaken our national security, hurt our troops and kick the can down the road again. I’m listening to them, and I wish Donald Trump and the Republicans who control both houses of Congress would as well. In addition to seriously harming our Armed Forces, this bill fails to adequately support Veterans or fund community health centers... 