The Senate is not a court of law. Our job is not to determine whether Brett Kavanaugh is guilty of a crime. Our job is to determine whether he has the character and qualifications to be promoted to the most prestigious and powerful court in the country. NEW: @JudiciaryDems urge Chairman Grassley to postpone tomorrow’s hearing and support an FBI investigation into ALL allegations.pic.twitter.com/YTbU7KYdjp The National Sexual Assault Hotline has seen a 57 percent uptick in calls since Dr Ford went public. How the Senate handles allegations against Brett Kavanaugh sends a message to survivors about how their allegations will be received if they take the brave step of coming forward. BREAKING: @JudiciaryDems are requesting President Trump immediately withdraw the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh or direct the FBI to thoroughly investigate the multiple allegations of sexual assault.pic.twitter.com/iGF9MbdvCD For Republicans to schedule a Friday vote on Kavanaugh today, 2 days before Dr. Blasey Ford has had a chance to tell her story, is outrageous. First Republicans demanded Dr. Blasey Ford testify immediately. Now they don’t even need to hear her before they move ahead with a vote. President Trump’s go-it-alone approach to Iran is failing. Our allies believe the Iran nuclear agreement is working and are moving forward without us. It’s time we return to the nuclear agreement and work with our allies to address Iran’s behavior. President Trump’s decision to expand junk health plans puts consumers at risk by not covering essential services like maternity care or preexisting conditions. Thank you @JerryBrownGov for signing a bill to keep these plans out of California. Now, let’s ban them nationwide. Today is National Voter Registration day! To vote this November, California residents must be registered by October 22. Our state makes it easy by allowing you to register online here:  … Congratulation to Annie Allen, 2018 California Principal of the Year! It was a pleasure to be able to congratulate you in person this morning. McAuliffe Middle School in Los Alamitos is lucky to have you as a leader.pic.twitter.com/I8FVdif4BV Glad to see the resolution marking National Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSIs) Week passed the Senate. California is fortunate enough to be home to a large number of HSI colleges and universities and this recognition is well deserved.pic.twitter.com/Wupa04ePj7 Great report by @theNASEM on securing U.S. elections against foreign interference. Further proof that paper ballots are vital. Many states are pushing back on using paper ballots despite their reliability, but elections are essential to our democracy, and we have to protect them. … My letter to Chairman Grassley:  Thursday's hearing should be canceled in light of a disturbing new allegation of sexual misconduct against Brett Kavanaugh. The FBI must investigate ALL allegations. Dr. Blasey Ford has accepted the invitation to testify next week despite being bullied and so far denied a nonpartisan FBI investigation that would ensure senators have the relevant facts they need. She has operated in good faith throughout this process. Let her testify. Dr. Blasey Ford’s requests of Republicans have been modest in the face of death threats and harassment. Why won’t Republicans agree to hear from her? Dr. Blasey Ford will testify next week. She has shown tremendous courage in the face of death threats and harassment and deserves respect as final details for the hearing are worked out. If Cadiz is allowed to drain vital desert aquifers, it would irreparably harm everything that makes the Mojave Desert special. No amount of private profit is worth losing this treasured place. #StopCadiz A new peer-reviewed scientific study refutes Cadiz’s bogus environmental review. By inflating rainfall numbers, cherry-picking data and ignoring scientific facts, @Cadiz_Inc is selling the public a false bill of goods. … These actions are irresponsible at best, a threat to democracy at worst. Rushing a nomination in order to hide facts is dangerous and disrespectful. Republicans have learned the wrong lessons. We must treat sexual assault survivors with respect, not bully or try to silence them. I’m concerned that Brett Kavanaugh and his supporters have something to hide. Why not have the FBI investigate? Why not accommodate Dr. Ford as she spends her days with the FBI dealing with death threats and protecting her family? It’s one day. Why the rush? Why the bullying? The recalcitrance, stubbornness and lack of cooperation we’ve seen from Republicans is unprecedented. And candidly, the dismissive treatment of Dr. Ford is insulting to all sexual assault survivors. It’s clear that Republicans have learned nothing over the last 27 years. Bullying a survivor of attempted rape in order to confirm a nominee—particularly at a time when she’s receiving death threats—is an extreme abuse of power. … President Trump’s trade war is hitting agriculture hard, but let’s be clear, these policies hurt small businesses and consumers too. Small businesses are already considering price hikes to stay in business as new tariffs are announced. … Withholding aid for innocent Palestinian citizens is cruel and will only embolden extremists in the region. President Trump should immediately restore assistance and return the U.S. to its traditional role of mediating this conflict. Dr. Blasey Ford has seen her worst fears come true.  She’s receiving death threats and has been forced to leave her home.  It’s time to stop blaming the victim and treat these allegations with the seriousness and respect they deserve. The president’s instinct to attack women and victims of assault was on display again today. 70% of sexual assault victims do NOT report their attack to police for a range of reasons: fear of retaliation, shame and belief the police won’t take them seriously. President Trump, I've said many, many times that my actions were motivated by Dr. Ford's request for confidentiality. Victims must be able to come forward only when they are ready. This Washington Post fact-check explains that Brett Kavanaugh has repeatedly misled the Senate under oath.  National Estuary Program grants awarded to Santa Monica Bay have funded efforts to restore the kelp forests, which provide habitat and food for more than 700 species of wildlife, fish, and algae. The Bay Foundation also promotes rainwater harvesting & boating pollution reduction.pic.twitter.com/Znso0CZgb2 Next is the SF Bay Estuary. Its watershed extends from the Golden Gate to the Sierra Nevadas. The SF Bay Estuary Partnership has funded projects to create nature-based shorelines, which improve flood-control, increase climate change resiliency and restore critical habitat.pic.twitter.com/O6g8iR5rJm It’s National Estuaries Week! Meet your California Estuaries: First up, Morro Bay National Estuary Program. They’ve leveraged $5.9 million in EPA grants in to $10.3 million in additional funding to conserve and store water, restore floodplains, and remove invasive species.pic.twitter.com/R5Na7Clmf8 Despite a potential bumper crop, California almond growers may see lower prices. Exports to China alone, the second largest market for U.S. almonds, are being hit with a 50 percent tariff. Farmers can’t afford to keep paying the price for President Trump’s failed policies. While the president continues his trade war, American farmers are feeling the pain as they wonder who will buy their harvests. It’s time for President Trump to end his harmful trade war. … Republicans are not learning the lessons of the past.pic.twitter.com/2SqJn5sYNB This is exactly right. The FBI should investigate Dr. Ford's allegations, not partisan staff. Senators need to be working with the same set of facts.  It’s now one year since #HurricaneMaria devastated Puerto Rico and claimed nearly 3,000 lives and millions of Americans still need our help recovering. We must do more to help our fellow citizens.pic.twitter.com/bwDytOoUdq We should extend the tax credits that make electric and fuel cell vehicles affordable for more people. The faster we deploy these new technologies, the sooner we’ll eliminate air pollution and harmful carbon emissions from vehicles. … In 1991, the FBI reopened a background investigation. Anita Hill and Clarence Thomas were interviewed. Every day more people came forward claiming firsthand knowledge of the events. It’s time for the FBI to do the same today. Why are Republicans resisting an investigation? I’ve joined my colleagues in condemning these remarks and calling for President Trump to apologize. Puerto Ricans need improved recovery efforts, not insulting tweets from the president.  … President Trump’s tweets on the death toll in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria are deeply offensive. American citizens suffered tremendously due to the hurricane & delayed federal response. Refusing to accurately acknowledge the death toll is beneath the dignity of a president. Retaliatory tariffs by the E.U., Mexico, Canada and now again by China are making it harder to export U.S. goods to major markets. American workers and farmers can’t afford to keep paying the price for President Trump’s failed trade war. Happy #HispanicHeritageMonth! Let’s celebrate Hispanic Americans and their contributions to our history and culture in the U.S.    In 1991, Senate Republicans said an FBI investigation was the “the very right thing to do” – but now, those same Republicans insist the FBI cannot investigate whether Judge Kavanaugh committed sexual assault. Why?pic.twitter.com/75dk6GCZMH The FBI routinely investigates allegations like Dr. Ford’s. They did it with Anita Hill’s allegations 27 years ago and they did it this year with allegations against Rob Porter. The FBI needs to investigate and the Senate needs to wait until that’s done.pic.twitter.com/Eoi0i3uqFy Legal Analyst @JeffreyToobin: “The Republicans are trying to do the absolute bare minimum that satisfies their members in order to vote for Kavanaugh's confirmation. They are not trying to do an investigation.”pic.twitter.com/otAs3SiQHK No FBI investigation, no outside witnesses, publicly stating Dr. Ford is “mixed up", & demanding she come before the Senate while receiving death threats. Republicans don’t take these allegations seriously. Before voting on a lifetime appointment, there must be an investigation.pic.twitter.com/ydw6doxLLz President Trump, Dr. Blasey Ford did not want her story of sexual assault to be public. She requested confidentiality and I honored that. It wasn’t until the media outed her that she decided to come forward. You may not respect women and the wishes of victims, but I do. I hope that each and every one of us will immediately denounce the horrific treatment of Dr. Blasey Ford. That this brave woman is receiving death threats and has been forced to flee with her family is appalling and heartbreaking. This abuse must stop. We’re better than this. I agree with her 100 percent that the rushed process to hold a hearing on Monday has been unfair and is reminiscent of the treatment of Anita Hill. I also agree that we need the facts before senators—not staff or lawyers—speak to witnesses. The decision to come forward or not come forward has always been Christine Blasey Ford’s, and that includes her participation in a hearing. We should honor Dr. Blasey Ford’s wishes and delay this hearing. A proper investigation must be completed, witnesses interviewed, evidence reviewed and all sides spoken to. Only then should the chairman set a hearing date. Senate Republicans are still not taking these allegations seriously. They’re rushing into a hearing that is completely unfair. Anita Hill’s column today was absolutely correct: We have to do this right. During every step of this process, I’ve found every single piece of information from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford eminently credible, sincere and believable. She knew this would have a huge effect on her life and she was incredibly brave to come forward. Happy Birthday to the @USAirForce on their 71st anniversary and a warm thank you to all the men and woman that have served with distinction in its ranks. Fact check: The FBI can investigate Dr. Blasey Ford’s allegations as part of its background investigation – that is their job. To say otherwise is FALSE.  It investigated Anita Hill’s allegations of sexual harassment against Clarence Thomas. It should investigate this too. Wishing everyone a meaningful and prayerful #YomKippur across California and the country.  G'mar Chatima Tova. The Senate Judiciary Committee should allow the FBI to conduct a full investigation before we hold any hearings on the allegations Dr. Ford has made against Brett Kavanaugh. Holding a hearing without any investigation signals no interest in getting to the bottom of this. Republicans have learned nothing from Anita Hill. President Bush asked the FBI to do its job and investigate Hill’s allegations, which it did.  Now, under the Trump administration, Republicans want to do even less by blocking any investigation into Dr. Blasey Ford’s allegations. According to the California Department of Public Health, there were 1,882 opioid overdose deaths in 2017, 373 fentanyl-related. The Opioid Crisis Response Act that the Senate will vote on tonight is a strong push to bring those numbers down. This opioid package reauthorizes the Office of National Drug Control Policy and drug courts to help end the opioid crisis while also providing law enforcement with new tools to face the rise of fentanyl use in America. Drug addiction and overdoses have reached crisis levels and are having a devastating impact on our country. That’s why I’m proud to be a cosponsor of the Opioid Crisis Response Act, a package of bills that the Senate will vote on tonight to address this crisis. I’ve been concerned with the lack of diversity in the Federal Reserve despite its important role in the economy. So I’m glad to hear the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco has announced a highly qualified woman will be its next President and CEO. Congratulations Mary C. Daly! … BREAKING: @JudiciaryDems are urging Chairman Grassley to postpone Thursday’s vote on Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination, allow the FBI to investigate Dr. Ford’s allegations and follow up on Kavanaugh’s false and misleading committee testimony.   I agree with Senator Flake that we should delay this week's vote on Brett Kavanaugh's nomination. There's a lot of information we don't know and the FBI should have the time it needs to review this new material. Staff calls aren't the appropriate way to handle this. The committee shouldn't move forward with a vote for numerous reasons. Serious questions have been raised about Judge Kavanaugh’s record. He's made misleading statements to the committee. And serious allegations by Mrs. Ford have been referred to the FBI.  I support Mrs. Ford's decision to tell her story. It's hers to tell and it must be taken seriously. I find her credible and the attacks on her must stop.  GDP may be growing, but who’s benefiting? Corporations are raking in record profits while wages for most working Americans have fallen. We need to make sure economic growth benefits everyone, not just the wealthy. That’s why I support the Measuring Real Income Growth Act.pic.twitter.com/Btg5hWgwcb When Americans invest their hard-earned savings, they should be confident that brokers are giving them the best possible advice. Sadly, many brokers are focused on increasing their own commissions instead. Brokers shouldn’t be allowed to put their profits ahead of their clients.pic.twitter.com/Os5G5NhiVu Affordable child care is out of reach for many, and child care providers are often poorly paid. The Child Care for Working Families Act would cap how much families pay while ensuring workers are being paid a fair wage. This is a bill working families deserve.  #ChildCare4All With gatherings like @GCAS2018, I’m optimistic that we’ll keep working to reduce our carbon footprint. State and local leaders are the key to reducing global emissions and stopping climate change. I’m glad to see so many leaders from state & local governments and the private sector taking action at @GCAS2018. With the Trump administration determined to undermine efforts to combat climate change, we need these leaders to keep striving for ambitious and innovative solutions. 24 years ago today President Clinton signed our Assault Weapons Ban into law. Over the next 10 years there were 37% fewer gun massacres and 43% fewer gun massacre deaths. But in the 10 years after the ban expired in 2004, gun massacre deaths rose by 239%. #EnoughIsEnough Israel must not demolish the Palestinian community of Khan al Ahmar. The only reason to destroy this community is to expand nearby Israeli settlements and split the West Bank in half. The potential for peace depends on what happens to Khan al Ahmar. … I’m closely following information on the shooting last night in Bakersfield. My thoughts are with the victims and their families. Another heartbreaking tragedy. .@SenFeinstein moved to subpoena Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the Bush White House – records Republicans have refused to review. Republicans voted no. What are they hiding?pic.twitter.com/1eOA2s64FC UPDATE: Republicans killed yet another Democratic motion to subpoena documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s views on the power of the president. NOW: Republicans just killed another Democratic motion to subpoena documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s knowledge of torture, warrantless wiretapping and other controversial policies. NOW: Republicans just killed another Democrat motion, this one to subpoena individuals like Manny Miranda who have knowledge of Brett Kavanaugh’s use of stolen Democratic strategy memos on judicial nominees. Our motion to subpoena documents from Brett Kavanaugh's time as White House staff secretary in which he discusses Native Hawaiians and Alaskans was defeated 11-10. Our motion to subpoena 100,000 records denied through a bogus “constitutional privilege” claim was defeated 11-10. All Republicans voted against it in order to hide Brett Kavanaugh’s record. #WhatAreTheyHiding Fact check: President Reagan attempted to withhold documents concerning the nomination of Justice Rehnquist to be Chief Justice and the committee fought back on a bipartisan basis. Republicans and Democrats worked together to get needed documents. NOW: Democrats are offering a motion to subpoena 100,000 documents denied to the committee through a bogus assertion of “constitutional privilege.” Many of those documents pertain to judicial nominations, an area in which we have many unanswered questions. Our motion to subpoena Brett Kavanaugh’s White House records was defeated 11-10. All Republicans voted against it in order to hide Brett Kavanaugh’s record. #WhatAreTheyHiding NOW: Democrats are offering a motion to subpoena documents from Brett Kavanaugh's time as staff secretary, one of the most senior positions in the White House. Reminder, the committee has just 7% of Kavanaugh’s records. The Senate today passed a spending bill that invests in veterans, water infrastructure, drought prevention, earthquake preparedness and clean energy alternatives. It’s a big win for California. … .@SecPompeo today certified the Saudi-led coalition is taking appropriate steps to prevent civilian deaths. Hard to believe given UN reports that 10,000+ civilians have already been killed or injured by the coalition. We must do more to save lives. … Overturning Roe v. Wade will endanger women’s lives, plain and simple. The president promised the American public judges who would overturn Roe “automatically.” We haven’t seen anything in Brett Kavanaugh’s record to suggest anything different. #WhatsAtStake Congratulations @DrLeanaWen! I look forward to working with you in the fight to protect women’s access to quality health care and expand care to underserved communities. … Brett Kavanaugh declined to say that Roe v. Wade was correctly decided more than a dozen times.  Must-read: "Kavanaugh’s comments on Casey strongly suggest that, as a Supreme Court justice, he would move to allow states to place onerous restrictions on abortion, restrictions that could come close to outlawing the procedure altogether."  Brett Kavanaugh gave evasive and vague answers to direct questions about Roe v. Wade. His nomination is the latest in an ongoing effort to restrict a woman’s right to make her own health care choices. #WhatsAtStake … Roe v. Wade isn’t just about women, it’s about personal liberty & limits on a government’s ability to interfere in intimate, personal decisions ALL Americans make. Brett Kavanaugh could be the vote to overturn Roe and all the progress we’ve made. #WhatsAtStake My Editorial “The Fight Against Gun Violence”. On the 17th anniversary of the worst terror attack on U.S. soil, we at the @LASDHQ are learning that some of the greatest threats to our safety are occurring much closer to home. Please READ @SoCalOpinion … We continue to find more evidence that Judge Kavanaugh misled me and the Judiciary Committee under oath. I’m posting important documents that Senate Republicans didn’t want the American people to see. We deserve transparency about this nominee. Between 1990 and 2016, San Francisco’s carbon footprint  30% while population  20% and the GDP  111%.   You can have a strong economy and strong environmental policy.  #StepUp2018 #GCAS2018   …pic.twitter.com/zUcrysTPDO Rolling back the requirements for cars to become more fuel efficient is bad policy and deeply unpopular. We’re urging the administration to extend the comment period so the public’s voice can be heard. … 17 years after that fateful day we remember the nearly 3,000 lives lost, the selfless courage of our first responders and that in the midst of a tragedy we came together as a nation. #NeverForget As we mark #SuicidePreventionMonth, remember that the VA has resources for veterans and their friends and family to help someone in need. Visit   and learn how you can #BeThere for veterans dealing with mental health issues. Thank you @Levis for joining the fight against gun violence in America. I’m glad to see more and more businesses getting involved in the push for commonsense gun reform. #EnoughIsEnough … .@SenKamalaHarris and I are demanding Verizon explain why it reduced data speeds for first responders fighting the Mendocino Complex Fire and what steps it’s taking to keep firefighters safe during future emergencies. … Wishing a happy new year to everyone celebrating #RoshHashanah across California and the country. Shanah Tovah! Happy Pride, #Oakland! Get out and celebrate the progress we’ve made! I wish everyone a safe, festive and happy #OaklandPride weekend. All employees deserve a chance to take meal & rest breaks during their shift. I’ve joined my colleagues to fight industry proposals that would strip this protection from California truck drivers. Everyone on the road benefits when truck drivers are rested. … Good news for California! The Senate Commerce Committee passed our bill to ban the use of driftnets in all U.S. waters. It’s time we finally stop using fishing gear that unintentionally kills so much marine life in California waters. … Read this, on Judge Kavanaugh’s answers to my questions about the stolen Democratic Judiciary Committee files that he received while working in the White House: … This New York Times editorial clearly shows that Brett Kavanaugh misled the Senate. Too many missing emails and too many questions about his trustworthiness.  Brett Kavanaugh used materials stolen from Democratic senators to advance President Bush's judicial nominees. He was asked about this in 2004, 2006 and this week. His answers were not true.  Brett Kavanaugh in 2004 said he was "not involved" in the nomination of Bill Pryor. That's not true.  Hunter LaChance: "I'm deeply concerned that if Judge Kavanaugh is on the Supreme Court, he would vote to weaken laws that protect my health. Because he already has." #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/rcKHidMz67 Parkland Survivor Aalayah Eastmond shares her harrowing story, concluding: I'm very concerned regarding Brett Kavanaugh's views on guns. Too many dangerous & prohibited people continue to be able to readily access & use dangerous weapons to terrorize Americans. Remember my story.pic.twitter.com/jRQOgEgc0E Rochelle Garza, citing Judge Kavanaugh’s decision to delay an undocumented teen from getting an abortion: “I don’t understand what abortion on demand means because that was not the situation for Jane. She was one of the most vulnerable people in our community.”  #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/ynztVoIxTM Alicia Baker, citing Judge Kavanaugh's previous ruling on contraception access: “If [he] had his way, courts would give free reign to those that claim their religious beliefs override the law...I fear that some will use this not to protect religion but as a way to discriminate.”pic.twitter.com/btEh2FXDLF Important read: “Five Times Brett Kavanaugh Appears to Have Lied to Congress While Under Oath”  Today we will hear from witnesses who will speak about Brett Kavanaugh’s extreme views on women’s reproductive rights, health care, guns and executive power. #WhatsAtStake Day 4 of Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings live. … To block women's access to contraception, Kavanaugh ruled that it was "too burdensome" for employers to fill out a two page form.   But to block women's access to abortion, he ruled that getting court approval for the procedure was "not burdensome enough."  #WhatsAtStake In 2004, Judge #Kavanaugh distanced himself from the controversial Judge Pryor nomination. He testified—repeatedly—that he “was not involved in handling his nomination.” Thanks to documents released at 3AM this morning, we now know that’s not true.pic.twitter.com/xLRXR8rcb4 Judge Kavanaugh just said Burwell v. Hobby Lobby was about "abortion-inducing drugs." That's a GROSS misunderstanding of the case, which was about insurance coverage for contraceptives. It's further proof of Kavanaugh's hostility toward women's reproductive freedom. #WhatsAtStake Brett Kavanaugh can evade our questions on Roe all he likes, but he can’t dodge his own words in this email. Make no mistake, Roe v. Wade can be “settled law” today and overturned tomorrow. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/pVgrCwC641 Brett Kavanaugh had no problem saying Roe v. Wade is “settled law” but he refused to tell me if he thought it was correctly decided. His own email shows what he believes about the Supreme Court’s ability to overturn Roe. This is #WhatsAtStake, plain and simple.pic.twitter.com/7dq3ITnuS3 BREAKING: Kavanaugh testified he never received any docs that even “appeared to … have been drafted or prepared by Democratic staff.”  Well, he got 8 pages of material taken VERBATIM from my files, obviously written by Dem staff, LABELED “not [for] distribution”.pic.twitter.com/eFlIBZ0Z1W BREAKING: Brett Kavanaugh was asked in 2004 about whether he was involved in the nomination of Bill Pryor. He said “I was not involved in handling his nomination"  Newly released emails show that's not true. Asked about how Pryor's interview went, he replied "CALL ME."pic.twitter.com/63Wb5uY95G Brett Kavanaugh: “I am not sure that all legal scholars refer to Roe as the settled law of the land at the Supreme Court level since Court can always overrule its precedent, and three current Justices on the Court would do so.” … Allowing senators to review documents but not use them in public hearings to question Brett Kavanaugh is unprecedented. This isn’t about confidentiality, this is about hiding Kavanaugh’s views.  #WhatsAtStake … Kavanaugh Hearing Live #WhatsAtStake … A pending case in the Fifth Circuit could overturn protections for 150 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. This case could make its way to the Supreme Court. If confirmed, Brett Kavanaugh could be the deciding vote in taking away your health care. #WhatsAtStake … Brett Kavanaugh was vetted by outside groups like the Federalist Society to ensure he passed President Trump's litmus tests: overturning Roe v. Wade and voting against commonsense gun safety laws. In 2017, Brett Kavanaugh mischaracterized and failed to follow Supreme Court precedent in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. We've already seen him discard precedent on women's reproductive freedom. #WhatsAtStake The possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the president, combined with Brett Kavanaugh’s belief that a president can't be indicted or even investigated, are a real threat to the rule of law. #WhatsAtStake President Trump has shown his disdain for the rule of law and our democratic values time and time again. The Supreme Court serves as a check on presidential power, which is why Brett Kavanaugh’s view that the president is above the law is so disturbing. #WhatsAtStake By arguing that AR-15s can’t be regulated, Brett Kavanaugh made crystal clear that he’s to the right of Justice Scalia on guns. Even pro-gun Justice Scalia knew the 2nd Amendment did not protect all weapons in his opinion in Heller. President Trump pledged this his nominees to the Supreme Court would overturn Roe “automatically.” We have every reason to believe Brett Kavanaugh would fulfill that pledge. #WhatsAtStake We’ve seen this before: A Republican Supreme Court nominee pledges to respect precedent during confirmation hearings, then proceeds to overturn decades-old precedent. Pledges from Kavanaugh are not enough. #WhatsAtStake Brett Kavanaugh authored a dissent to prohibit a young immigrant woman who had complied with Texas’ parental consent law and secured a judge’s approval the ability to get an abortion. This shows his hostility toward women's reproductive rights. It's not enough for Brett Kavanaugh to say that Roe v. Wade is "settled law." Chief Justice Roberts said the same thing in 2005. Then he voted in favor of a law that would have forced 75% of Texas clinics to close. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Roe v. Wade is "settled law" only until five Republican Supreme Court Justices overturn it. Brett Kavanaugh's statements should not convince anyone that he would uphold Roe. #WhatsAtStake When Brett Kavanaugh voiced his concerns in a bid to prohibit a young woman from getting an abortion, he used the phrase “abortion on demand”. That’s not a legal term, that’s ideology laid bare. #WhatsAtStake WATCH NOW: Senator @ChrisCoons is questioning Brett Kavanaugh. #WhatsAtStake … Saying Roe v. Wade has been reaffirmed many times over the years doesn’t mean Brett Kavanaugh won’t vote to overturn it. An appellate court judge follows precedent, Supreme Court justices overturn precedent regularly. #WhatsAtStake THREAD: Between 2001 and 2003, Republican Senate staffers hacked into and stole 4,670 files on controversial Bush judicial nominees from 6 Democrats, including me. This scandal amounted to a digital Watergate, not unlike Russia’s hacking of the DNC. Judge Kavanaugh has repeatedly invoked the Intelligence Committee’s torture report in defending his 2006 response to questions about whether he knew about torture. To be clear, the report does NOT address whether Judge Kavanaugh was telling the truth. .@SenatorDurbin calls out Republicans for using an “unprecedented” process to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records – allowing Kavanaugh’s former deputy to screen his records instead of depending on the nonpartisan National Archives.pic.twitter.com/KOatltHn2B The Senate Judiciary Committee is back from a short break and questions have resumed. … Brett Kavanaugh is one the nation’s most extreme judges on guns. Five circuit courts, including his own, have upheld assault-weapons bans, but he would have struck down D.C.’s ban. #WhatsAtStake … If Brett Kavanaugh truly believes the president isn’t above the law, he should have said the president must comply with a subpoena. There’s no reason Brett Kavanaugh couldn’t have given a straight answer.pic.twitter.com/mD2I5RtET4 The Chevron doctrine gives federal agencies flexibility to protect the environment, public health, workers & much more. It’s a bedrock legal decision that protects all of us. Brett Kavanaugh is opposed, which may explain why businesses are spending millions to get him confirmed. Brett Kavanaugh has said a president can’t be investigated or indicted and that a president can fire a special counsel at will. These views are especially troubling given Trump has been implicated in felonies. … Fact-check: The Intelligence Committee did NOT receive documents from the White House or National Security Council in preparing the torture report. That's why there are very limited references in the report about the actions of people in the White House like Brett Kavanaugh. .@SenFeinstein asked a critical constitutional question: Can a sitting president be required to respond to a subpoena?   @realDonaldTrump's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Kavanaugh, refused to give a straight answer.  That is incredibly troubling.pic.twitter.com/KczwfYZEEW These ongoing attacks against our democratic institutions can’t be allowed to continue. It’s essential we ensure the integrity of our democratic process, and tech companies play a central role in preventing these attacks. While I’m at the Supreme Court nomination hearing, my staff is closely following the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on the role social media companies can play in countering Russia’s propaganda and election interference efforts. Thomas, Alito, Roberts and Gorsuch used the same playbook: 1. Profess loyalty to precedent in Senate hearings 2. Overturn precedent once on the bench. We can’t accept vague promises from Brett Kavanaugh when women’s reproductive freedom is at stake. Precedent guides judges in future cases, ensuring stability in the law. Republican Supreme Court nominees have ignored precedent as soon as they’re confirmed, overturning decades of settled law. #WhatsAtStake Time and time again we’ve seen Republican SCOTUS nominees pledge to respect precedent during their hearings, only to overturn precedent as soon as they take the bench. With health care for millions & a woman’s right to choose, promises to “respect precedent” aren’t enough. It’s not “hysteria” to talk about how women could die if Roe v. Wade were overturned. In the 1960s, 200 women per year died after unsafe abortions. We can’t go back. #WhatsAtStake Tune in at 6:30 am PDT to watch the first round of questions. This is a vitally important hearing and we can’t let … … .@JudiciaryDems will have tough questions for Brett Kavanaugh today on the many issues like his position on Roe v. Wade, whether he thinks President Trump can be investigated, his view on protections for pre-existing conditions and his extreme position on assault weapons. WATCH: Senate Republicans are taking “unprecedented” steps to jam through the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court – and Senate Democrats are fighting back. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/7EkmSGQmrS #WhatsAtStake is a Supreme Court that protects the freedoms of ALL Americans. The Senate and the American public deserve to know what kind of nominee Brett Kavanaugh is. It’s our Constitutional duty to give advice and consent, not act as a rubber stamp for the president.pic.twitter.com/uEvAGdoehm If the Supreme Court were to adopt Kavanaugh's reasoning on guns, the number of victims would continue to grow and citizens would be rendered powerless in enacting sensible gun laws. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/A9KRueHF24 The effect of overturning Roe is much broader than a women’s right to choose. It’s about protecting the most personal decisions we all make from government intrusion. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/ruH3l2a8Ku I invited @Fred_Guttenberg to sit in the audience at today’s hearing because the Supreme Court affects the lives of real people. He knows firsthand how Brett Kavanaugh’s extreme views on guns could lead to more massacres. Thank you Fred, for honoring your daughter. Brett Kavanaugh knows that his views on guns are outside the mainstream. During a lecture at Notre Dame Law School, he said that he would be ‘the first to acknowledge that most other lower-court judges have disagreed’ with his views on the Second Amendment. #WhatsAtStake 42,000 pages of documents were received last night. Both Republicans & Democrats use the SAME program to review these documents, which weren’t uploaded until 6:45 am THIS MORNING. There’s no way anyone has had time to review these documents. Why are we rushing? #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/VLKV4HuOXD We’re hearing ‘We’ve received thousands of documents.’ Let’s look a little closer. What we got includes event invitations like this, duplicated MORE THAN 44,000 TIMES. The American people need to see #JudgeKavanaugh’s full record. #WhatAreTheyHiding?pic.twitter.com/qx0LB3MzFj When Judge Kavanaugh says he will respect precedent, remember this: Just last year, he authored a dissent that ignored and mischaracterized precedent to deny a young woman reproductive health care. He's already shown hostility toward #RoevWade. The Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the Brett Kavanaugh nomination has resumed. Watch here: … I remember what it was like before Roe. I know how dangerous it was. When I was at Stanford, we passed a plate to collect money so a friend could get an abortion in Tijuana. Another woman became pregnant unintentionally. She killed herself. We can’t go back. #WhatsAtStake .@SenatorLeahy calls out Senate Republicans on the Kavanaugh nomination: “any claim that this has been a thorough, transparent process is downright Orwellian. This is the most incomplete, most partisan, least transparent vetting for any Supreme Court nominee I have ever seen.”pic.twitter.com/X47UIHr5ZU .@SenFeinstein lays out why Kavanaugh saying Roe v. Wade is “settled law,” isn’t near enough – because he’s already shown he is “willing to disregard precedent” on women’s Constitutional rights.pic.twitter.com/fTDQbqH0Zu Here's why documents are important: Brett Kavanaugh's records from his time in the White House would show whether or not he lied to Congress during his previous hearing.   Republicans and the White House are doing all they can to conceal those records. #WhatAreTheyHiding .@SenFeinstein: Roe is one of the several cases that means we have privacy rights to make our own decisions without government interference. That's important to me. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/UTiEzSeOFL Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on nomination of Brett Kavanaugh … The White House has never before withheld documents from the committee on executive privilege grounds with regard to a Supreme Court nominee. President Reagan attempted to do so with the nomination of Justice Rehnquist and the committee fought back on a bipartisan basis. Brett Kavanaugh has already said that his time in the White House was pivotal to shaping his views as a judge: "Five-and-a-half years at the White House and especially my three years as staff secretary...were the most interesting and informative for me." #WhatAreTheyHiding "I really regret this, but I think you have to understand the frustration on this side of the aisle," @SenFeinstein says. "Everyone on this side of the aisle wants to do a good job. They want time to be able to consider what the findings are."pic.twitter.com/1ATfGPTxvy The relevant number with regard to Brett Kavanaugh’s record is NOT the number of pages. It’s the PERCENTAGE of his record that’s available for the American people to see.   Elena Kagan: 99% available to the public.  Brett Kavanaugh: 4% available to the public MUST WATCH: #Kavanaugh privately told me he had never taken a position whether a sitting President can be indicted under the Constitution. That just wasn’t true. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/cel57AMjgo We received 42,000 pages of documents JUST LAST NIGHT. It’s patently absurd to claim that we’ve had enough time to review these documents. That’s to say nothing of the hundreds of thousands of pages that are being withheld. #WhatAreTheyHiding Brett Kavanaugh worked in the Bush White House for 5 years. Issues like torture, warrantless wiretapping and signing statements were routinely discussed and acted upon. Women's reproductive rights were front and center. We need documents to understand his role. #WhatAreTheyHiding Here's why @JudiciaryDems are asking to adjourn the hearing: 93% of the records from Kavanaugh’s tenure in the White House as counsel and staff secretary are being withheld from the Senate and 96% of the records are being withheld from the public. #WhatsAtStake Where we are: 4 days ago the Trump administration unilaterally withheld 100,000 pages of Brett Kavanaugh's record without following the required legal process.   Last night, more than 40,000 pages were turned over to the Senate, just hours before the hearing. HAPPENING NOW: All ten Judiciary Committee Democrats are speaking on the extraordinary lengths Senate Republicans have gone to in order to keep Brett Kavanaugh’s records hidden from the Senate and American public. #WhatsAtStake  This AM, all @SenateDems on the Judiciary Committee will preview #WhatsAtStake in the Kavanaugh nomination to the Supreme Court. Republicans are forcing his hearing without his full record, leaving us to ask: What are they hiding? Watch LIVE at 8:45: … Brett Kavanaugh authored a dissent to prohibit a young immigrant woman who had complied with Texas’ parental consent law and secured a judge’s approval the ability to get an abortion. This shows his hostility toward women's reproductive rights. I hope you all enjoy Labor Day surrounded by friends and family. Thank you American workers, for all your contributions to our country. In 2017, Kavanaugh mischaracterized and failed to follow Supreme Court precedent in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. We've already seen him discard precedent on women's reproductive freedom. Brett Kavanaugh praised the dissent in Roe v. Wade. He called Justice Rehnquist, who authored the dissent in Roe, his “judicial hero.” There's no mystery as to where he stands on Roe v. Wade. I'm so, so disappointed the California state Senate killed a bill to require independent review of the Cadiz water project that threatens the Mojave Desert. This is a Trump administration pet project that should never see the light of day. … Senators should not be willing to cast a “yes” vote for a nomination of this magnitude when more than 90 percent of the nominee’s record is being denied to them. (5/5) The only explanation for their actions is that these records would further reveal Kavanaugh's controversial history and ideological views. (4/5) President Trump and Senate Republicans have gone to extraordinary lengths to hide Brett Kavanaugh’s record from the Senate and American people. (3/5) In contrast, not one page of Elena Kagan’s White House records were withheld due to executive privilege claims. This is just the latest action in a series of actions to obstruct our review of Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination. (2/5) Late last night the Judiciary Committee was informed in a letter from Bill Burck that Presidents Bush and Trump would claim executive privilege on more than 100,000 pages of Brett Kavanaugh’s records from the White House Counsel’s Office. (1/5) Brett Kavanaugh was vetted by outside groups like the Federalist Society to ensure he passed President Trump's litmus tests: overturning Roe v. Wade and voting against commonsense gun safety laws. President Trump pledged this his nominees to the Supreme Court would overturn Roe “automatically.” We have every reason to believe Brett Kavanaugh would fulfill that pledge. Relieved to see that the Carr fire is 100% contained. Thank you to all the first responders who have been putting themselves in harm’s way to contain this fire and protect our communities. … Today is the day. The California Assembly has passed #SB120 to protect our scarce desert water resources, now it’s up to the state Senate to get this bill passed and protect our deserts. Call your state Senator:   Further impoverishing Palestinians only empowers extremists, undermines the P.A. and harms Israel’s security. Completely cutting off funding to UNRWA is inhumane and undermines our own interests in the region. … Today is the last day for the California Senate to #StopCadiz from draining our desert aquifers. Call your state senator and tell them to pass #SB120 before midnight:   Only hours left to #StopCadiz and the Trump administration from destroying the Mojave Desert by draining vital desert aquifers! Call your state Senator and tell them to pass #SB120 before midnight:   The #GOPTaxBill gave $2 trillion to billionaires and corporations. Now President Trump has canceled a modest pay raise for hardworking civil servants because of "the budget." #WorkersDeserveMore Call your state senator and urge them to support SB 120. Now’s the time to protect our vital desert aquifers! The bill needs to pass the Natural Resources Committee and then it’s hopefully onto the floor for a vote.   From the opioid crisis to the rise of new synthetic drugs, we must use every tool available to face this epidemic head-on. The Drug Free Communities program will help prevention efforts all across the country, including funding over 30 coalitions in California alone. I called for full funding of the Drug Free Communities program because we’ve seen how effective it is in reducing youth drug use. I’m happy to see that FY18 funding has led to $19.5 million in new grants and $70.9 million in continuation grants for existing projects.pic.twitter.com/11jxxAu54f It’s appalling that the Trump administration is making it more difficult for victims of sexual assault on college campuses to come forward. We should be helping victims get justice, not shielding colleges and those accused of sexually assaulting others from facing accountability. … Great news. We need the state Senate to call this bill up and get it passed! … California once again has the opportunity to lead the country, this time by protecting #NetNeutrality so we have a level playing field online. I urge legislators in Sacramento to take action so that users, not their internet service providers, control their online experience. It was a pleasure meeting with Chief Ken Pimlott to get an update on the ongoing fire situation and to discuss the 7 new air tankers we’ve secured for @CAL_FIRE. Wildfires will only get worse with climate change & I’m determined to do everything I can to help our state get ready.pic.twitter.com/YGK4OjUMWe Your internet experience should not be decided by your service provider. I’ve joined my colleagues to challenge the @FCC’s #NetNeutrality repeal in an amicus brief. This isn’t over, we have to keep fighting for a free and open internet. … I agree, President Trump’s decision to cut nearly all humanitarian aid to Gaza and the West Bank is a huge mistake that will undermine the Palestinian Authority, further empower extremists like Hamas and make peace even harder to achieve. This will only hurt Israel’s security. … Our desert aquifers sustain California’s iconic wildlife, including Joshua trees and desert tortoises. Call your state legislators and urge them to support SB 120! We must protect California from harmful desert water extraction projects like Cadiz.   .@tribelaw calls for delaying Kavanaugh's nomination hearing: "There is no need to hurry. The slowly mounting chorus of senators calling for a pause in Kavanaugh’s confirmation would have resonated strongly with the framers."  President Trump’s bailout won’t even put a dent in the losses farmers are suffering due to his failed trade war. California’s farmers want access to markets, not taxpayer funded bailouts. … More #GOPTaxBill broken promises: President Trump claimed his tax cuts would raise wages by more than $4,000. Instead, they’ve actually fallen for most Americans. The richest corporations are seeing record profits while workers’ paychecks get smaller. … It was 55 years ago today that Martin Luther King spoke at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom about his dream of an America free of racism, poverty and inequality. That message endures today and is a testament to his vision as well as the work we must finish. Important reporting from the @WashingtonPost shows the importance of Brett Kavanaugh's role as White House staff secretary. Republicans are hiding ALL records from this three-year period.   #WhatAreTheyHiding Brett Kavanaugh has a long history as a Republican political operative. Via @WashingtonPost: "No justice in recent memory has worked as intently as Kavanaugh at the highest levels of the nation’s political machinery, scholars said."  One consequence of Republicans circumventing the nonpartisan process for vetting Supreme Court nominees' records is that Brett Kavanaugh's records contain unexplained omissions. We're demanding an explanation.    My thoughts are with the victims of the mass shooting in Jacksonville and their families. We have the power to reduce the likelihood of these shootings. Everyone must demand change from those who don’t support commonsense gun safety laws. Professor Tribe’s op-ed is a must-read. … Today is the 98th anniversary of women winning the right to vote. Let us reflect on the sacrifices made by so many trailblazing women to secure that right and pledge to always exercise it. #WomensEqualityDay The Washington Post editorial board on Kavanaugh vetting: “The National Archives must be the arbiter not only of which documents are sent to the committee but also of the terms on which they are turned over.”   #WhatAreTheyHiding We have the possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the President, combined with serious doubts that Brett Kavanaugh believes a president can even be investigated, compounded with the lack of transparency into Kavanaugh’s record. His hearing should be delayed. John’s perseverance and spirit should serve as a model for us all. He was a great friend, a great senator and my thoughts go out to his family for their loss. That’s the kind of man John was. He was courageous, and even in the most difficult situations he stood up for what he believed was right. After the Intelligence Committee released its controversial torture report, John didn’t hesitate to stand up and support it. He went even further, using his position as Armed Services Committee chairman to get an amendment through on a defense bill to permanently ban torture. I’ve traveled with John and we talked about what he went through with respect to torture. His experience led him to believe that such evil acts could never be the American way. John McCain was a leader, a public servant and a patriot, and he’ll be terribly missed. The San Francisco Chronicle editorial board: "Kavanaugh shouldn’t be rushed into a life term to beat the election, and that’s what McConnell and company are doing."  The New York Times editorial board has called the process for vetting Brett Kavanaugh “the most secretive and incomplete confirmation process in modern history.”   #WhatAreTheyHiding The St. Louis Post-Dispatch calls for Brett Kavanaugh's hearing to be postponed: "Presumption of innocence doesn’t require the Senate to let [Trump] seat a Supreme Court nominee while facing an allegation that could put his fate in that nominee’s hands."  John was held captive and tortured, but he persevered. Decades later, as Armed Services chairman, he inserted language into a defense bill to permanently ban torture. I’m proud to call John a friend, and my love and deep respect go out to his family during this difficult period. I’ve gotten to know @SenJohnMcCain very well over the last 25 years, both as a person and a senator, and I can honestly say he’s a true American patriot. He has served with distinction, he knows the difference between right and wrong and he’s not afraid to speak truth to power. Strong letter from the governor’s military council opposing the Trump administration’s attack on the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan. Instead of wasting time and resources going backward, the administration should implement the balanced plan to manage the Mojave Desert.pic.twitter.com/kEsCVxPOry The president's Supreme Court nominee has said sitting presidents can NOT be prosecuted, should NOT be investigated, and should have the authority to fire a special counsel AT WILL.  With the president facing serious legal jeopardy, the nomination should not be moving forward. .@JudiciaryDems letter: "Given the possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the president, doubts that Judge Kavanaugh believes a president can even be investigated, and the unprecedented lack of transparency, we should not move forward with hearings."   BREAKING: Judiciary Committee Democrats have requested Brett Kavanaugh's hearing be postponed. While I've opposed many of AG Sessions's actions, it would be unacceptable for POTUS to fire him now so he could install someone willing to subvert the Mueller investigation. … Arming teachers is a dangerous policy that should never see the light of day. President Trump and Republicans have done nothing to reduce gun violence. Now, they propose taking money earmarked for teachers, counselors and books and putting it toward guns. It’s sickening. History will not look kindly on rushing through a Supreme Court nominee chosen by a president facing significant legal liability and seeking to obstruct a criminal investigation of his wrongdoing. Brett Kavanaugh's nomination should NOT be considered now. My full statement on the latest developments in the Trump investigation:  Roe v. Wade is "settled law" only until five Republican Supreme Court Justices overturn it. Brett Kavanaugh's statements should not convince anyone that he would uphold Roe. 98% of Brett Kavanaugh’s White House record remains hidden from the public.   More than 85% of his White House record remains hidden from the Senate.   There’s never been a less transparent vetting process for a Supreme Court nominee. #WhatAreTheyHiding As investigations delve deeper into President Trump’s world, we’re seeing just how rotten his campaign truly was. And as more and more top officials leave the White House, we’re finding out his version of the executive branch is no better. It's not enough for Brett Kavanaugh to say that Roe v. Wade is "settled law." Chief Justice Roberts said the same thing in 2005. Then he voted in favor of a law that would have forced 75% of Texas clinics to close. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. The possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the president, combined with existing doubts that Brett Kavanaugh believes a president can even be investigated, demand that his hearing should be delayed. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children does critical work to protect children from abuse, exploitation and abduction. We must reauthorize this program as soon as possible. … President Trump’s decision to replace the Clean Power Plan with weaker rules governing power plant emissions is the latest in a string of terrible decisions that undermine our fight against global warming, lower our quality of life and endanger lives.pic.twitter.com/F20QOZ92db Brett Kavanaugh worked in the White House as the Bush administration pushed to restrict women's rights and ban same-sex marriage. His records would show whether he played a role in these efforts.   #ReleaseTheRecords .@NYTOpinion rightly calls Republicans' failure to request all records from Brett Kavanaugh's White House service a "dereliction of their constitutional duty."  Republicans are "running the most secretive and incomplete confirmation process in modern history." Learn more via @NYTOpinion   #WhatAreTheyHiding .@PostOpinions explains why Republicans are wrong to circumvent the longstanding, nonpartisan process used to review Brett Kavanaugh's records.   #WhatAreTheyHiding The New York Times editorial board explains the importance of our fight for Brett Kavanaugh’s records. Documents are key to understanding Kavanaugh’s views on issues and whether or not he misled the Senate to get his current job.   #WhatAreTheyHiding July was a scorcher, breaking long-standing heat records across the state. This is only the beginning of climate change. … Great read by a former superintendent of Mojave National Preserve on why the Cadiz water project is a disastrous idea. I join her in urging the California Legislature to act this session! … Charles Pickering bullied the Justice Department to reduce the sentence in a cross-burning case. It appears Brett Kavanaugh may have misled the Senate about his role in this nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords  Brett Kavanaugh praised the dissents that would have overturned Roe v. Wade and barred marriage equality. His views on these fundamental freedoms are no mystery.  Glysophate, and products that contain it such as Roundup, has been linked by studies to serious medical conditions. This court verdict affirms those findings. We have a right to know the dangers of a pesticide used so widely that trace amounts have even been found in cereal. … Protecting our troops from predatory lending and financial fraud isn’t just the right thing to do, it’s the law. Reports that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau plans to scrap routine lender exams that protect our troops is absurd. CFPB must enforce the law. … Scott Pruitt ignored his own staff and a preponderance of scientific evidence that linked chlorpyrifos to developmental disabilities in children. I’m glad a federal appeals court wasn’t as susceptible to industry lobbyists when it ruled in favor of a ban. … Testifying under oath, Brett Kavanaugh downplayed his role in Pickering's nomination, but documents show he played a pivotal role – and led parts. If this is what limited public documents show, imagine what documents Republicans are hiding would reveal.  Documents indicate Brett Kavanaugh may have misled the public during his confirmation to the D.C. Circuit when asked about involvement in the Bush torture and wiretapping programs. His full record needs to be available to all Senators and the public.pic.twitter.com/9Zyk6H5EXB A key issue in vetting Brett Kavanaugh is determining whether he was truthful with the Judiciary Committee while being considered for the D.C. Circuit. Limited documents suggest he was not.  National Archives called the GOP process for reviewing & releasing Brett Kavanaugh records "something that has never happened before." Records being released are NOT from the Archives, they’re handpicked by George Bush's lawyer, a former Kavanaugh deputy. … Women took President Trump at his word when he said he would appoint Supreme Court Justices that would overturn Roe v. Wade. That's why only 28% of women support Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation. … There’s a good reason that former national security officials are granted continued access to sensitive information: They offer invaluable service by collaborating with current national security leaders. Revoking John Brennan’s clearance harms our national security.pic.twitter.com/tHLC2Hb04j It’s no surprise that the #GOPTaxBill isn’t living up to Republican promises of increased wages for American workers. Wages are down while stock buybacks are at a record high. It’s clear who this bill was meant to help. … Aretha Franklin had a powerful voice and sent powerful messages. She inspired a generation of women through her music. She was truly a legend and larger than life. She will be missed. … Not only has the nonpartisan National Archives been sidelined in the review and release of Brett Kavanaugh’s records, but the few records Republicans are releasing to the public have been chosen by Kavanaugh’s former deputy. This is unprecedented and NOT how you vet a nominee. … Hundreds of thousands of Dreamers have been able to work and study legally in the country thanks to #DACA, but the future of the program remains uncertain. DACA recipients: If you are eligible, renew your application ASAP. #RenewDACA Dreamers: you can still renew your #DACA application. If you’re eligible, it’s important you apply as soon as possible. For more information, visit:  …. #RenewDACA #ProtectDreamers Six years ago, the government began accepting the first applications for the #DACA program, changing the lives of nearly 800,000 young immigrants who could legally work and study in the only country they have ever known. We must #ProtectDreamers with a permanent fix! When Brett Kavanaugh worked for President Bush, he invited “more scrutiny of the nominees.” Now that Judge Kavanaugh is the president’s #SCOTUS nominee, Republicans want to withhold his records as a top Bush aide. Why? #WhatsAtStake Justice Kagan served in key positions in prior administrations much like Judge Kavanaugh. When she was nominated, Republicans demanded her entire paper history. We're asking that the same standard apply today. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/mkCOxfTKQg If you live in Shasta County you may be eligible for FEMA assistance related to recent wildfires. Apply with FEMA directly or contact my San Francisco office if you need any help applying for disaster relief.pic.twitter.com/zShsW2nHgu There is a disaster recovery center in Redding for those affected by recent wildfires. Representatives from FEMA, CAL OES and SBA will be present to provide access to disaster assistance programs.pic.twitter.com/ZSu78zHdPL Unions have worked with home care workers to raise wages and facilitate access to benefits like health insurance, but a new HHS rule would roll back some of that progress and disproportionately affect women of color in California along with their patients who rely on home care.pic.twitter.com/sxGuKVX6RO Betsy DeVos is encouraging student loan providers to ignore lawful directives from state governments with her overly broad interpretation of federal law. Loan providers must comply with California laws & our state has the right to protect student borrowers from abusive practices.pic.twitter.com/oYl8TStKEZ Such a great example of environmental restoration, including vital flood projects. Efforts like the Shoreline Project will only become more important as climate change causes sea levels to rise and threaten our communities. … The Trump administration must halt approval of any new mining claims until the litigation surrounding the elimination of protections for these monuments has been settled. … The decision to eliminate protections from Grand Staircase-Escalante and Bears Ears National Monuments was based on a dubious legal opinion and is currently being challenged in court. Reports of new mining claims within these monuments are deeply concerning. Brett Kavanaugh told the Senate in 2006 he had no KNOWLEDGE of torture or wiretapping.   Reporting and emails released through FOIA has cast serious doubt on those answers.  Kavanaugh's records would show whether he told truth, but Republicans are blocking their release. Shouldn’t every U.S. senator want to know whether the nominee to the Supreme Court told the truth under oath before voting to confirm him to a lifetime appointment on the highest court in the land? Republicans are allowing President Bush's PERSONAL attorney to determine which of Brett Kavanaugh's records senators who are not Judiciary Committee members may see.    This means that 79 U.S. senators are being denied information that would inform their position. Must-watch … 99% of Elana Kagan's White House records were made public before her nomination hearing.  0.08% of Brett Kavanaugh's records are public now.  It's unprecedented to go to these lengths to hide a Supreme Court nominee's records from the American people.   #ReleaseTheRecords Great to visit the South Bay to discuss the $177 million in federal funding we’ve secured for the Shoreline Project to tackle habitat rehabilitation and protect our communities from sea-level rise due to climate change. Can’t wait to see the results!pic.twitter.com/F9ClsqbouT That’s not transparency and that’s not nearly sufficient for the Senate to carry out its advice and consent duty on this nomination. Senators will be asked to vote on a nominee without seeing 99% of his records!pic.twitter.com/gAdD9lcme2 The documents provided to the committee that have been made public are less than 1% of his White House records. That’s simply unacceptable. Republicans are asking that almost all of Kavanaugh’s records provided to the Senate Judiciary Committee be marked “Committee Confidential”. That means they will be kept hidden from the public and the 79 senators not on the committee. #WhatAreTheyHiding Scheduling a hearing in early September, while more than 99 percent of Kavanaugh’s White House records are still unavailable, is not only unprecedented but a new low in Republican efforts to stack the courts. #WhatAreTheyHiding It’s clear that Republicans want to speed this nomination through before we know who Brett Kavanaugh is. This is not how the Senate should approve a nominee for a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land.pic.twitter.com/8voFDlXw6M For those battling the #CaliforniaWildfires, Shasta County has a website with helpful information and resources.    @fema @femaregion9 Glad to join Sen. Feinstein in calling out Trump administration on car standards—the Trump wrecking ball is swinging again, this time at one of the most successful policies we have on the books to cut carbon pollution. … This shows why we must have access to all of Brett Kavanaugh’s records. The time to review his record is before voting on a lifetime appointment, not after. Reviewing a small set of documents that his own former deputy chose fails to provide a complete picture. #ReleaseTheRecords During confirmation, Gina Haspel asserted that the torture program produced valuable & actionable intelligence. These cables and the Senate Intel report suggest otherwise, yet the American public was denied information necessary to evaluate that conclusion prior to confirmation. These cables confirm the findings of the Senate Intel report, and show why the release of a nominee’s FULL record before confirmation is absolutely necessary. We shouldn’t rely on restricted & incomplete records to evaluate nominees – whether to the Cabinet or the Supreme Court. … All senators should want to know whether the Supreme Court nominee was honest under oath to Congress before voting on him.   Brett Kavanaugh's records from the Bush White House would answer that question.   Republicans and the Trump White House are hiding them. #ReleaseTheRecords Brett Kavanaugh’s deputy from the White House is deciding what documents are turned over to the Senate. This person does NOT work for the nonpartisan National Archives or the Bush Library. He works for President Bush in a personal capacity. This is unprecedented & unacceptable. Brett Kavanaugh's records from his time as White House staff secretary would show whether or not he was honest to Congress during his 2006 nomination hearing.   Republicans and the White House are doing all they can to hide those records.   #WhatsAtStake The Trump admin. has a legal duty to cut emissions & reduce pollution that causes climate change. But they’re abandoning this obligation in a rush to undo vehicle emissions standards. Read why @UCSUSA President @KenKimmell & I think this is a huge mistake. … We’ll work to protect lives in the threatened communities, help families recover and take the necessary steps to prevent future wildfires. I’d encourage President Trump to join us in that effort, or at the very least end his repeated attacks and learn the facts on the ground. Years of historic drought have left more than 129 million dead trees in our state. Those conditions are fueling the catastrophic blazes we’re seeing. The Trump administration may choose to ignore the threats of climate change but we’re feeling the effects every day. President Trump’s politically motivated attacks on California are completely inappropriate when lives are at risk and show how little he understands about wildfire. Cal Fire has repeatedly said there is no shortage of water to fight these fires. Thanks @hint water for supporting the Personal Care Products Safety Act! We must improve our outdated safety laws for these products to ensure consumer safety. Appreciate you joining this important effort! #CarrFire survivors can receive in-person disaster assistance at the Disaster Recovery Center located in the Former Kmart building at 2685 Hilltop Dr., Redding, CA 96002 from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. daily. For more information, visit  . #ShastaCountypic.twitter.com/KSQeQZKaHa Thank you Moby for joining this important fight and helping us save the Mojave Desert from Cadiz. … Despite a Constitutional obligation to consult Congress before setting a refugee admission cap, the Trump administration failed to do so last year. This year I strongly urge them to consult Congress and set a cap that reflects U.S. values, instead of cutting admissions further. I hope the Archivist will change course, but I’m also joining Senate Judiciary Democrats in a FOIA request for Brett Kavanaugh’s records to get what we need. If the Trump administration and Bush lawyers have access to all his documents, the Senate and the public should too. President Trump has repeatedly promised to nominate only justices to the Supreme Court who will overturn Roe v. Wade. #WhatsAtStake is all the progress we’ve made upholding women’s constitutional rights. #SaveRoe Judge Brett Kavanaugh has ruled in past cases to restrict women’s access to safe, legal reproductive healthcare – including contraception. He has argued that a company’s religious beliefs override women’s access to health care. That’s #WhatsAtStake. #SaveRoe 85% of voters do NOT want the Supreme Court to restrict access to birth control. A majority of people in this country want to #SaveRoe, but the next Supreme Court justice could roll it back. #WhatsAtStake I urge the California legislature to pass AB 1000. The bill adds a state review process to safeguard limited water resources in the California desert from harmful projects like Cadiz. The state should act on the bill this month. President Trump already slashed the refugee cap from 110,000 to 45,000, and he’s likely to admit fewer than half of that number this year. Now we hear he wants to cut that cap by an additional 2/3 to a few as 15,000. Turning away refugees is a betrayal of American values! Today we mark #PurpleHeartDay and honor all the men and women who were wounded or killed in combat. Take a moment to remember veterans past and present who bravely sacrificed for our nation. The Trump administration’s decision to rescind civil rights guidance promoting diversity in education is just the latest attack on minority group protections. It’s in our national interest that talented students from all backgrounds have a chance to learn in a diverse environmentpic.twitter.com/YRWQenD6Lb As 17 large wildfires burn across our state, we owe an enormous debt of gratitude to the thousands of firefighters saving lives. I met with @CAL_FIRE Chief Pimlott and discussed what we can do at the federal level to help California overcome and recover from these deadly fires.pic.twitter.com/o4Yf8EuwAX Black women in America must work 20 months to make what white men earn in just 12 months. In California that means black women make just 66 cents for every $1 men make, even less than the average for all women. Equal pay for equal work, period. #BlackWomensEqualPayDay The 22nd Lake Tahoe Summit was a huge success! Thank you to everyone who joined us today and to all who care about saving the “Jewel of the Sierras.” #TahoeSummit Thank you to the brave men and women who protect us from wildfire. Their efforts around the region have not only helped preserve the lake but have saved numerous lives. #TahoeSummitpic.twitter.com/ojxRkRVlKC I’d like to thank ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ for her leadership to protect #LakeTahoe. She’s been tremendous to partner w/over the years to achieve our shared goal of preserving the lake we all love for future generations. I look forward to continuing our work together. #TahoeSummitpic.twitter.com/GN6XHT71JB WATCH: I'm so proud to join advocates, government officials from Nevada and California, Native American communities, NGOs, and conservationists to demonstrate what stakeholders can achieve when we all work together. #TahoeSummit  … Lake Tahoe is warming faster than the oceans, 14 times faster than the historical average. We must #ActOnClimate if we want to save the lake! #TahoeSummit .@SenCortezMasto on climate change affecting Lake Tahoe, “The solution is to break our addiction to the fuels of the past.” #TahoeSummitpic.twitter.com/bhnMTqsegE Team Tahoe has shown that when everybody buys in and works together, great things can be accomplished! #TahoeSummit After the first #TahoeSummit 22 years ago, more than $2 billion has been invested by the federal government, California, Nevada, local communities and the private sector to save Lake Tahoe. That is what I call Team Tahoe!pic.twitter.com/M2Mhg2O6ur “What happened here was a truly holistic approach.” - Keynote speaker Sen. Murkowski on passing the bipartisan Lake Tahoe Restoration Act. #TahoeSummitpic.twitter.com/eNvQ0PMOTo Thank you to the Washoe Tribe for that beautiful invocation to start the #TahoeSummit.pic.twitter.com/Rz7jBNOH7R The stage is set and the volunteers are ready to welcome you. The 2018 Lake Tahoe Summit is about to start! #TahoeSummitpic.twitter.com/Tw930dz557 President Trump might think his trade war is working but 700,000 Californians who rely on the state’s $170 billion in exports each year would beg to differ. If he truly wants to help U.S. workers, he’ll listen to their pleas and end his trade war now. … It’s been 53 years since President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act to protect minority voters from discrimination at the polls. It’s been just 5 years since the Supreme Court effectively gutted it. #WhatsAtStake is losing decades of progress. Journalism is not a crime and freedom of the press is an essential part of any democratic society. Egyptian officials must respect their obligations to international law and free photojournalist @ShawkanZeid.  #FreeShawkan President Trump’s proposed policy of banning health care providers from providing full information to their patients, including referrals, must be changed. We can’t roll back hard-fought progress on women’s rights. … Happy birthday to the Coast Guard as they turn 228, and my sincerest thank you to the men and women who put their lives on the line every day to keep our country safe. (2/2) Compare that to your actions: attacking the FBI and refusing the advice of your national security team. SAD! I appreciated then and now the diligent work of our law enforcement and intelligence agencies and acted in the best interests of the country. Give it a try! (1/2) The FBI told me 5 years ago it had concerns that China was seeking to recruit an administrative member of my Calif staff (despite no access to sensitive information). I took those concerns seriously, learned the facts and made sure the employee left my office immediately.pic.twitter.com/qpVyPanpJk In its current state, Mare Island Naval Cemetery isn’t a fitting final resting place for the service members buried there. Our bill will make sure that the cemetery is not only restored, but maintained for decades to come. … I’ve been an advocate for sensible gun reform since I came to the Senate, but I’ve never seen the energy and momentum that young people are bringing to this fight today.  If you’re in Southern California make your voice heard and join the #MarchOnNRA … IMPORTANT: We’re asking the National Archives to release any and all documents they have from Brett Kavanaugh’s time on the staff of Ken Starr’s investigation. As an author of the Starr Report, his writings from this time are important to evaluating his nomination. We have a very robust intern program, and it’s always a pleasure sitting down with them to discuss their experience. I look forward to seeing where these bright students take their careers.pic.twitter.com/iTWBM6ld6M Women have a right to full information from their doctors when they make health care decisions. I joined my colleagues in submitting a comment opposing this rule change. A woman’s health decisions should remain between her and her doctor. … I’m deeply concerned the Trump administration’s proposed changes to Title X will make it significantly harder for women to get the health care they need. The proposed rule will allow politicians with extreme ideological views to interfere with women’s health care. We’re calling on the Trump administration to immediately restore U.S. funding for humanitarian assistance to Gaza. A peace agreement won’t be possible until we improve the unlivable conditions that are fueling tensions in one of the most densely populated places on Earth.pic.twitter.com/6EFzErbtp9 Food aid and medical relief are desperately needed in Gaza. By withholding assistance to the Palestinian people, President Trump is making the humanitarian crisis even worse. … BREAKING: Senate Republicans’ vetting of Judge Kavanaugh’s record just moved from being shameful to an outright sham.  My comment:    … #WhatsAtStake If Republicans don’t want to review Brett Kavanaugh’s record, they don’t have to. But they shouldn’t deny the public and Democrats who want to fulfill their constitutional responsibility the opportunity to fully vet this nominee and better understand his views. The only documents that will be available before then are those that have been personally approved by President George W. Bush’s private lawyer, a man who also represents Steve Bannon, Don McGahn and Reince Priebus. This has never been done before. IMPORTANT: The National Archives today announced that it would take until the end of October to produce records from Brett Kavanaugh’s two years in the White House Counsel’s office. Great thread on how California led the way on #CleanCarStandards … .@JerryBrownGov, @AGBecerra & @MaryNicholsCA: At Every Turn, We Will Defend Our Nation’s #CleanCarStandards  Read more    #CleanerCarspic.twitter.com/AiEmMB0aTW BREAKING: The National Archives won't complete its production of even the limited number of Brett Kavanaugh's records Republicans requested until OCTOBER. Republicans are trying to hide Kavanaugh's record from the American people by rushing his nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords President Trump may want to ignore the science but he can’t ignore the law. I’ve joined @SenKamalaHarris in leading a resolution to protect national fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions standards. We won’t let this attack on clean air & public health happen without a fight. Once again California will find itself fighting a misguided Trump administration decision. We led the way to establish #CleanCarStandards and we’ll lead the fight to keep them. … “Bush’s top adviser, Karl Rove, described Kavanaugh as being at the heart of the Bush administration in shaping White House policy.” #ReleaseTheRecords … Californians have a right to breathe clean air, and we’re not giving that up to President Trump without a fight. The Trump administration wants to roll back years of progress on fuel economy standards and usher in an era of uncertainty for automakers and consumers alike.pic.twitter.com/dq361LrPyu When Elena Kagan was nominated, Republicans demanded records from her ENTIRE White House tenure because they knew how important they were to evaluating her record. There’s no reason it should be different with Brett Kavanaugh. … Great read on how Republicans are breaking from standard practice on Supreme Court nominees by only requesting records on TWO years, rather than ALL FIVE years of Kavanaugh’s time in the White House. … As Brett Kavanaugh said, staff secretaries play a pivotal role in any White House. He called his years in the Bush White House “among the most instructive” to his time as a judge. The American people deserve to understand his record from his formative years. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/1ow5mfOMmn Democrats are requesting Brett Kavanaugh’s records as has always been done. Why? Because he’s been nominated to a lifetime appointment. The public deserves a thorough review of this nominee. He could affect all Americans for generations. Every Senator should be fully informed.pic.twitter.com/apvYk5cCjD BREAKING: Senate just passed my provision to transfer seven C-130 air tankers to California to help fight deadly wildfires.pic.twitter.com/NLiZWfCPbW Unfortunately the chairman made his own unilateral request without Democrats that left out three years of Kavanaugh’s career – three years that Kavanaugh himself said were some of the most formative for his time as a judge. That’s not stalling, that’s doing our job. I wrote a letter to the chairman just a few days after the Kavanaugh nomination was made to start the process for requesting documents. I’ve made several offers to accommodate his concerns, including providing search terms to expedite document retrieval. Some Republicans are going to the Senate floor saying Democrats are “stalling” by asking for Kavanaugh documents during his years in the White House. Not only is that a flip flop from their own (exact same) request in 2010, but it’s also flat out wrong. We’re not asking to see White House cafeteria menus. Staff secretaries play a central role in every administration and are involved in everything from policy making to executive orders and signing statements. #ReleaseTheRecords … I’ve been hearing @realDonaldTrump and @RudyGiuliani claiming that ‘collusion is not a crime.’ Well, I took the liberty of reading the U.S. code myself. Here’s what the law actually says:pic.twitter.com/qW2GPxuDdC Democrats are making the exact same request for Brett Kavanaugh's nomination that was made for the Elena Kagan nomination. It was appropriate then and it is appropriate now. The American public shouldn’t be denied an opportunity to review his record. #ReleaseTheRecords It’s clear the only people who insist staff secretaries are “traffic cops” are Senate Republicans. Former staff secretaries and Brett Kavanaugh himself disagree. #ReleaseTheRecords … .@JudiciaryDems today requested ALL records from Brett Kavanaugh's time in the Bush White House. He was a top adviser who worked on many controversial issues and we need ALL records to determine his views on these matters. #ReleaseTheRecords The Presidential Records Act makes clear that Brett Kavanaugh’s records belong to the American people—not Republicans or Democrats. That is why senators and the American people need to see ALL his records. #ReleaseTheRecords IMPORTANT: A Republican lawyer representing Steve Bannon, Don McGahn, Reince Priebus in the Russia probe and Judge Alex Kozinski on harassment allegations is deciding which of Brett Kavanaugh's records are turned over. This has NEVER been done. This is the National Archives' job. Congress should act to prevent the administration from EVER reinstating a separation policy. We should pass a narrow bill to keep families together.pic.twitter.com/VmHDwIcgPb It’s not an exaggeration to say that the policies of President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions may essentially orphan hundreds of immigrant children. We need to keep on this administration until all children who were taken are reunited with their parents. The Trump administration has pursued what I believe is a deeply immoral and haphazard policy that fundamentally betrays American values.pic.twitter.com/5EGX1Fmyxs Great read from two former White House staff secretaries who echo Kavanaugh himself on how important and involved the role is with an administration’s policymaking process. #ReleaseTheRecords … The current fuel economy standards are working, saving families more than $60 billion at the pump while reducing harmful emissions. We’re not going to let President Trump stop our progress now. … The State and Justice departments must explain why they’re allowing the publication of 3D gun designs. This decision means terrorists and criminals can get their hands on unrestricted, unlicensed and untraceable weapons. … Starting soon: @SenSchumer & @SenatorDurbin join legal experts to push back on Republicans’ unprecedented efforts to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the Senate and the American people. TUNE IN:  … #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/ZcSAEDLY67 BREAKING: @JudiciaryDems have requested ALL Kavanaugh White House records from the Archives, just as Republicans did for Kagan in 2010. But today, Rs withheld their support. We MUST fully vet nominees for lifetime appointments to the highest court in the land. #ReleaseTheRecords HAPPENING NOW: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on family separations. You can watch my opening remarks starting shortly: … It’s clear who’s benefited the most from the #GOPTaxBill. CEO pay is hitting record highs while the average worker’s salary has actually fallen. Now Republicans want to use their tax giveaway to the rich as an excuse to gut Medicare and Medicaid. … A Marine, social worker, councilman, 13-term congressman and mayor, Ron Dellums lived to serve others. I will never forget his courage, or the pride with which he represented California and the East Bay. My deepest condolences to his loved ones. We will miss him. We’ve already seen the influence of dark money on our elections, the federal courts and the Supreme Court. Now, tax-exempt organizations will no longer have to disclose their donors, making it even easier for foreign actors and special interests to buy influence with dark money.pic.twitter.com/0FPiZedSL9 For 53 years Medicaid and Medicare have been providing critical health coverage to our nation’s seniors, families and most vulnerable. We can’t let the GOP’s tax cuts for the rich be used to justify deep cuts to these two vital programs. #Medicaid53 #Medicare53pic.twitter.com/j0Tc5VjrsB There is a reason I led the charge to strengthen the fuel economy standards in 2007. Fuel economy standards were frozen in place for three decades, and the American people insisted on stronger standards and better technology. … We know Russia tried to meddle in our 2016 elections. Now, with 100 days until the 2018 midterms, we have to make sure we’re doing everything possible to stop them from doing it again. We’re calling on the Trump administration to hold Russia accountable. … Heartbroken to hear the wildfire death toll has risen and includes 4 firefighters. Please continue to follow @Cal_Fire closely and evacuate immediately if an order is given. My thoughts are with those displaced by the fires and our firefighters working to contain & control them. I’m demanding the National Archives take immediate action to produce Brett Kavanaugh’s record. Denying the Senate access to records to vet his nomination is unprecedented and unconscionable.  … IMPORTANT: Under the law, all presidents’ records belong to the American people. For the first time ever, those records are being denied to Democrats who need them to vet Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. This is wrong. The Presidential Records Act makes clear that White House records, including Brett Kavanaugh's, belong to the American people. Now, the National Archives is refusing to provide those records to Democrats so we can vet his nomination. This has NEVER happened. #ReleaseTheRecords There are significant questions about whether Brett Kavanaugh told Congress the truth when he was nominated to the D.C. Circuit in 2003 and 2006. Documents from Kavanaugh's time in the White House are critical to answering those questions.pic.twitter.com/WRK6pLfzZz Why are Republicans and the White House resisting making Brett Kavanaugh's full record public? He has been nominated to a lifetime appointment on the highest court in the land. We need to see his COMPLETE record. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/lU2E8IeTZ1 I’m closely following the wildfire situation in California. With 14 large fires burning statewide, please pay attention to evacuation orders from public safety officials. If you are told to evacuate, do so without delay. Follow @Cal_Fire for the latest updates. This bill will continue support for high-quality career and technical education programs in California and across the country. Nearly 12 million high school and college students benefited from these programs from 2015 to 2016. I proudly support this bill. It’s great to see the Perkins Career Technical Education Act pass both the Senate and the House this week. This is a no-brainer bill that helps prepare students for credentialed and skilled jobs. If reports are true that President Trump knew in advance of the 2016 Trump Tower meeting, it would suggest that Donald Trump Jr. may have misled Judiciary Committee staff when he was interviewed. It further demonstrates why he must come before the committee to answer questions. The remains of American troops are on their way home from North Korea. I hope this brings peace and comfort to the families whose loved ones never returned from the Korean War. We must continue the search until every service member is brought home. Democrats are asking that requests for Brett Kavanaugh's records follow the same standard that Republicans demanded for Justice Elena Kagan. We’re simply asking for the same treatment. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/kwJxB1Qdrb Republicans argued in the past that the Senate must see all documents for a Supreme Court nominee, but now they’re trying to change the standard. We're asking for the SAME documents from Brett Kavanaugh's White House years that Republicans asked for previously. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/kHW8OtRlBJ Taking children from their parents goes against the most basic notions of what America stands for. We decided to give a voice to 54 parents describing a trauma no one should ever have to experience. #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/497R8zjiDW #CarrFire [update] off Hwy 299 and Carr Powerhouse Rd, Whiskeytown (Shasta County) is now 44,450 acres and 3% contained. NEW MANDATORY EVACUATION ORDERS IN PLACE.  Unified Command: CAL FIRE Shasta-Trinity Unit and Whiskeytown National Park.   …pic.twitter.com/PY8DSrgiZO The American people don’t need to take my word on the importance of Brett Kavanaugh’s role as staff secretary. He has been crystal clear as to how critical the position was in influencing his perspective as a judge. That's why we need ALL of his records. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/cDLbtPNhK0 As staff secretary, Brett Kavanaugh was one of the most senior White House advisors. Republicans are claiming that he was just a paper pusher who told President Bush what was for lunch. That’s FALSE, not to mention ridiculous. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/JON68OCkHv .@realDonaldTrump created a crisis by separating families at the US-Mexico border. It's his and his administrations’ responsibility to reunite families TODAY.  #FamiliesBelongTogether No more extensions. Separated families have suffered enough trauma and deserve to be reunited no later than today - the court-ordered deadline. #FamiliesBelongTogether The scars of separation continue to intensify as families remain separated because of @realDonaldTrump’s policy. Families MUST be reunited by today’s deadline. The clock is ticking. #FamiliesBelongTogether There's no excuse for cutting corners when you're evaluating a nominee for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. To do a thorough review of Brett Kavanaugh's record, we need all the documents from his five years in the White House. #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/dm1HYpl1em Documents from Brett Kavanaugh's time as White House staff secretary are critical to understanding his knowledge of and involvement with torture, warrantless wiretapping and the use of signing statements to circumvent Congress, to name just a few key issues. #ReleasetheRecordspic.twitter.com/PhPhOoRcL6 70 years ago President Truman desegregated the armed forces as part of a broader effort to end institutionalized racism. It didn’t end racism in the military overnight, but Truman saw the importance of protecting those who served and the example it might set for society at large. I’m standing in solidarity with separated immigrant families and fighting to ensure that all of the children separated by @realDonaldTrump’s policy are reunited by today’s deadline. #FamiliesBelongTogether President Trump has admitted to separating more than 2,500 from their families – however, the number is likely much larger. I'm holding him accountable to reunite these children with their parents by today’s court-ordered deadline #FamilesBelongTogether All senators should want to know what kind of Justice Brett Kavanaugh would be. We should look at what he says are the “most instructive parts” of his record—his time in the White House—to make that judgment. #ReleaseTheRecords Brett Kavanaugh himself said his "three years as Staff Secretary for President Bush were the most interesting and in many ways among the most instructive" for his work as a judge. The Republican claim that his White House records aren't needed to evaluate his nomination is WRONG. The American people deserve to see Brett Kavanaugh's full record. They’re the ones who will be affected for generations if he’s confirmed to a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court. Brett Kavanaugh’s entire record must be made public. #ReleaseTheRecords There are no grounds for House Republicans to impeach Rod Rosenstein. Trying to remove him for failing to disclose sources, methods and evidence from a criminal investigation is beyond the pale. This is partisan nonsense. It’s dangerous for the rule of law and it needs to stop. We’ve lost a great Californian with the passing of Aiko Herzig Yoshinaga. She fought tirelessly for recognition that internment of Japanese-Americans ran contrary to our most basic values. Her courage is an inspiration to us all. … It’s unforgivable that so many veterans are homeless and living on the streets. They served our country; it’s now our duty to serve them and make sure they have the resources they need to carry on their lives. Great to speak with San Bernardino County Supervisor Josie Gonzales and Maria Razo, executive director of the San Bernardino County Housing Authority. We talked about homelessness and the need for more affordable housing, especially for homeless veterans and their families.pic.twitter.com/GUUeKlFlEg The Trump administration’s decision to allow designs for a 3D printed gun to be distributed freely online is baffling and a complete about-face. It will allow terrorists and criminals to easily get their hands on guns. … President Trump is sticking taxpayers with the bill for his failed trade war. California’s farmers want access to markets, not a $12 billion bailout. … The head of the DOJ’s Criminal Division, Brian Benczkowski, represented a Russian bank suspected of communicating with the Trump campaign during the 2016 election. He must recuse himself from all aspects of the Special Counsel investigation to avoid any conflicts of interest.pic.twitter.com/vKzKnEFUob There must be a full and transparent accounting of what Michigan State University, the U.S. Olympic Committee, USA Gymnastics and the FBI all knew and did about Dr. Larry Nassar while he continued to abuse young girls. … Great read on why mile-long driftnets should finally be banned in California waters. These unwieldy nets are killing marine life indiscriminately, and our waters are the last place in the country where driftnets are legal. Our bill will phase them out. … BREAKING: California will soon get more large air tankers to help fight increasingly devastating wildfires.    …pic.twitter.com/xrOPundNkP Instead of providing a Band-Aid for his disastrous trade policies, President Trump could help farmers by ending his unnecessary trade war. Throwing taxpayer money at President Trump’s problem won’t fix it. President Trump still doesn’t get it on trade. California farmers export around $20 billion worth of agricultural goods every year, yet the president continues to attack our closest trade partners while failing to open new markets. California’s farmers want access to foreign markets, not a $12 billion taxpayer-funded handout for President Trump’s failed trade war. President Trump's gag rule blocks women from getting complete information about their care. All women deserve the information they need to make the best decisions for them and their families. #NoGagRule: Not now, not ever. The Trump administration’s terrible gag rule will block women from seeing trusted health care providers. This is an attack on a woman’s right to make her own health care choices, plain and simple. #NoGagRule California’s farmers and workers hurt by your tariffs would disagree. Trade wars close markets to American exports and drive up prices here at home, making it harder for families to make ends meet. … Parents don’t want harmful chemicals in their children’s food. We’ve introduced a bill to remove phthalates, a chemical used in food packaging that pediatricians warn can harm children, from any material that touches our food. … President Trump’s fiery tweets only serve to distract our diplomats overseas, making their job considerably more difficult. It’s long past due for President Trump to put down his phone and start acting like the leader of the free world.pic.twitter.com/Wnu7CEqyA4 President Trump’s obsession with looking tough on Twitter is weakening our standing on the world stage and seriously jeopardizing our national security. Since taking office, he has made a dangerous habit of attacking world leaders online.pic.twitter.com/7YLiuDYVh5 Here’s another unbelievable message I feel compelled to send President Trump: threatening war in a late-night tweet isn’t diplomacy, it’s folly and beneath the office he holds.pic.twitter.com/Zlz4r9pbIc My @nytimes op-ed: Judge Kavanaugh was involved in some of the most politically charged moments of our recent history. Republicans must live up to the bipartisan standard of transparency set by then-Sen Sessions and me, and demand to see his FULL record.  Robert Wilkie has a history of defending many controversial policies and officials. The VA needs a leader who will fight for all veterans and push back against attempts to privatize care. I don’t think Robert Wilkie is that leader, and I cannot support his nomination. We expect more than 1 million documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s time in the White House and as a Republican operative. It’s critical the American public fully understands his complete record before the Senate votes on a lifetime appointment. #ReleaseTheRecords It was a pleasure to meet with the incoming German ambassador, Emily Haber. Germany is a vitally important ally that shares common values and interests with the United States, and I’m confident Amb. Haber will represent her nation well.pic.twitter.com/RTdlw9O9aE My thoughts are with the victims of the shooting in Silver Lake and South LA over the weekend. Gun violence is far too commonplace, and this shooting demonstrates the frightening correlation between domestic violence and guns.  We can and must do more to address both. Every senator should want to see all of Brett Kavanaugh’s record, just as we would for any nominee. The Supreme Court is a lifetime appointment. There’s no justification for anything less than a complete review. #ReleaseTheRecords Brett Kavanaugh has spent much of his career as a Republican operative and in the White House. Just as it was for prior nominees, the entirety of his record is relevant and necessary for the Judiciary Committee to consider his nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords I am proud to support the Youth Climate March happening today in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and cities around the world for climate justice. Young people nationwide know that we must act now to avoid the worst effects of climate change. Join @thisiszerohour in a city near you. Kavanuagh’s hearings when he was nominated to the D.C. Circuit left questions for many senators as to the accuracy of his testimony. A full review of his records is vital to ensure all senators can vet him. #ReleaseTheRecords Another far right-wing Trump nominee: Jonathan F. Mitchell is leading the effort to use federal courts to bankrupt public-sector unions so they can’t fight for fair pay and good health care. … Republicans want a Supreme Court justice who will defer to ideology instead of settled law on the court. This is an attempt to reverse the progress we’ve made in decade after decade of Court rulings. All the progress we’ve won in the courts is #WhatsAtStake Judge Kavanaugh never replied to a letter I sent him 11 years ago about a misleading answer he gave during Congressional testimony on his involvement in questions about the rules governing detention of combatants during the Bush Administration. We’re asking to review ALL of the records from Kavanaugh’s career to fulfill the Senate’s ‘advice and consent’ responsibility. Reviewing the entirety of a nominee’s record is what the Judiciary Committee has always done. #ReleaseTheRecords Kavanaugh’s time in the White House overlapped with the torture and rendition program and warrantless spying. That’s why we need ALL his records, not just those from his time as a judge. #ReleaseTheRecords Issues Brett Kavanaugh was involved in as a Republican political operative and in the Bush White House:  Starr investigation Bush v. Gore Torture Warrantless Spying Rendition of prisoners  We need ALL of Brett Kavanaugh's documents to fully review his record. I joined with @SenKamalaHarris to introduce the Rent Relief Act today. Our bill will put more money in families’ pockets by allowing renters to claim a tax credit for high housing costs, similar to what homeowners already receive. 40% of Covered California's rate increase for next year is DIRECTLY attributable to Republican policies. Make no mistake, Republican sabotage of the Affordable Care Act is causing families and the federal government to pay more for health care. I joined 23 of my colleagues in opposing President Trump’s efforts to repeal an important offshore drilling safety rule put in place after the Deepwater Horizon disaster. Join me in telling President Trump to #ProtectOurCoast from more catastrophic spills.  … Ryan Bounds' racially-charged college writings convinced Republicans to oppose his nomination to the 9th Circuit. How can Republicans possibly argue that Brett Kavanaugh's records from the WHITE HOUSE aren't relevant to a Supreme Court nomination? #ReleaseTheRecords President Trump is abandoning important drilling safety rules at the same time his administration is trying to expand offshore drilling.  Tell President Trump we won’t tolerate more oil spills. #ProtectOurCoast  … As a political operative and in the White House, Kavanaugh’s work touched many controversial subjects including the Starr investigation, Bush v. Gore, Guantanamo military tribunals and the torture of prisoners. That’s why we need to review ALL of his records. #ReleaseTheRecords We expect more than 1 million documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s time in the White House and as a Republican operative. It’s critical the American public fully understands his complete record before the Senate votes on a lifetime appointment. #ReleaseTheRecords Reports indicate that Kavanaugh may have misled Congress in 2006 about his involvement with policies like torture during the Bush era. He never responded to @SenatorDurbin’s letter asking for clarification. All Senators should want to get to the bottom of this  #ReleaseTheRecords To properly vet Brett Kavanaugh, the Senate Judiciary Committee needs access to all documents from his time at the White House and as a political operative. #ReleaseTheRecords It’s stunning that President Trump would entertain an obviously outrageous request by Vladimir Putin to interrogate a former U.S. ambassador. I strongly support the resolution introduced today that condemns this idea in no uncertain terms. When Justice Kagan was nominated, Democrats helped Republicans obtain documents from her time in the White House. There were no claims of executive privilege and documents were made public. I expect nothing less as we review Brett Kavanaugh’s records. #ReleaseTheRecords A pleasure to sit down with the @Teamsters yesterday and discuss how to support good paying jobs and highway safety for all.pic.twitter.com/uDLQuSGNxx Powerful moment during last night's #ESPYS. Thank you to the survivors for courageously sharing their stories to protect future generations of athletes from abuse. … Acting-Director Mulvaney’s dismissal of the @CFPB’s Consumer Advisory Board is absurd. He must reinstate the board immediately so these qualified professionals, who volunteer their time, can help the @CFPB fulfill its mission to protect consumers from abusive financial practices. The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing today on efforts to address backlogs in rape-kit testing. It’s clear the Debbie Smith Act is having a meaningful effect and deserves to be reauthorized. Watch the full hearing here: … IMPORTANT: Republicans are taking another step to destroy the judicial nominations process as we know it by confirming Ryan Bounds without approval from home-state senators @RonWyden & @SenJeffMerkley. The Congressional Research Service says this has never happened. #CourtsMatter President Trump’s reckless trade war is hitting our agricultural communities hard. China is a major market for California crops and the president still doesn’t have a plan to get us out of the mess he’s created. We need relief for our farmers NOW!pic.twitter.com/lfaCptDZFZ Every Republican just voted to confirm Andy Oldham to a lifetime judgeship despite his extreme, political record.  He’s defended laws that would harm women’s access to health care. He led an effort to overturn the ACA. And he’s fought a California gun safety law. #CourtsMatter APPLY NOW: We secured $2 billion for wildfire relief for farmers and growers affected by the deadly 2017 fire season. Find more info here on how to apply:  … President Trump, you’re WRONG. Here are some people who say Russia is STILL targeting our elections: FBI Director Christopher Wray, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. It’s not OK to believe a former KGB agent over your own experts!pic.twitter.com/OALEwKHTiK We’ve seen this before: a Republican Supreme Court nominee promises to respect precedent during confirmation hearings then proceeds to overturn decades of settled law. Promises from Kavanaugh shouldn’t be enough, we must look at his record. #WhatsAtStake Proof that fighting climate change will strengthen our economy: California cut greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels and our economy grew by 26%. We’ve hit our climate goal four years early. Now let’s see how quickly we can hit our 2030 goal! … Marriage equality and a woman’s right to make her own health choices are two achievements that took years in court to win and are built on decades of precedent. We can’t afford to have that work undone by an ideological justice substituting their own opinion. #WhatsAtStake President Trump promised that his judges would overturn Roe v. Wade and Brett Kavanaugh praised the dissent arguing that Roe was wrongly decided. If he pledges to respect precedent in his hearing, that pledge does not deserve to be taken seriously. It’s horrifying that the Trump administration is shackling pregnant women in immigrant detention centers. This immoral treatment is hurting women’s health & some women have had miscarriages. I’m joining @PattyMurray to introduce a bill that will put an end to this shameful policy Thrilled to hear the San Diego Regional Task Force on the Homeless has been awarded $7.9 million to implement a Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program. Calif is home to 20% of all homeless kids in the U.S. and I'm committed to supporting innovative, effective solutions. @RTFHSD California waters are the last place in the U.S. where these deadly, mile-long nets are still legal. Thank you @acousteau for your work to help finally ban these outdated fishing nets, protect our vibrant marine life and create sustainable fisheries. … Important op-ed by @acousteau. She lays out why we must pass our bill to phase out drift gillnets in California waters. These deadly nets inadvertently kill more marine mammals in our waters than die on the rest of the West Coast combined. … Thomas, Alito, Roberts and Gorsuch used the same playbook: 1. Profess loyalty to precedent in Senate hearings 2. Overturn precedent once on the bench. We can’t accept vague promises when so much, from women’s access to health care to marriage equality, is #WhatsAtStake. Precedent guides judges in future cases, ensuring stability in the law. Republican Supreme Court nominees have ignored precedent as soon as they are confirmed, overturning decades of settled law. #WhatsAtStake Impeaching Rod Rosenstein for doing his job is ridiculous. Last week, he announced 12 indictments of Russians for interfering with US elections. House Republicans are putting party over country. Russian meddling in our election needs to be investigated without interference. House Republicans’ efforts to impeach Rosenstein are just the latest in a string of unprecedented attempts to disrupt an ongoing investigation. It's especially outrageous after the President's statements blaming the U.S. for Russian interference. It’s shameful that House Republicans are trying to undermine the Mueller investigation by seeking to impeach Rod Rosenstein. Combined with the President's statements yesterday letting Putin off the hook, the Republicans' strategy to help our adversary Russia needs to stop now. I requested documents and an interview with Maria Butina to determine if she used the NRA to establish communications or funnel Russian money to the Trump campaign. She refused to comply, citing the lack of Republican support. Today she was charged for acting as a Russian agent. The persecution of the Rohingya by the Burmese military is appalling. Sanctions against Burma must be included in the defense bill to hold accountable those who committed these crimes against humanity … Days after the Justice Department indicted 12 Russian intelligence officers for interference in our elections, @realDonaldTrump still refuses to believe American intelligence over Vladmir Putin.pic.twitter.com/4phxz1w80H President Trump has to stop kowtowing to Vladimir Putin, and his Republican allies in Washington have to stand up and say enough is enough. President Trump not only rejected the U.S. intelligence community’s unanimous public assessment that Russia interfered in our elections, he went so far as to say Russia’s attacks on us were our fault, that poor relations are due to U.S. ‘foolishness and stupidity.’ After doing his best to undermine NATO and insult our closest allies, today President Trump stood arm-in-arm with Vladimir Putin and did nothing to hold him accountable for his actions. Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: Russians hacked a state election board website and stole the information of 500,000 voters. By not holding Vladimir Putin accountable for interfering in the 2016 election, President Trump is failing to protect our national security and the integrity of our democracy. Period. Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has yielded indictments of 32 individuals and three companies to date. He is following the facts and producing significant results. Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: Guccifer 2.0 was a Russian front that coordinated the release of Democrats stolen emails to influence the 2016 election. Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: After President Trump said “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails,” Russian intelligence officials attempted to spearfish Secretary Clinton’s server. The intelligence community had already concluded that Russian intelligence, at the direction of Vladimir Putin, hacked Democrats during the 2016 campaign. Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment provides significant new detail as to what happened and the Russian agents responsible. Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: A dozen Russian military intelligence officials conducted the hacking of Democrats during the 2016 campaign. Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: Russians communicated with at least one American who ‘was in regular contact with senior members of the presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump’ about the release of stolen documents. Earlier this year, we introduced a bipartisan bill to address hate crimes against religious institutions, after the concerning rise in bomb threats to Jewish community centers and threats against Islamic centers and mosques. We must get this bill passed. It’s startling to see a hike in hate crimes in California. The rise of bigotry and hateful rhetoric is having an appalling effect on our society. … IMPORTANT: The Trump administration is unilaterally rewriting laws passed by Congress to bar domestic violence victims from seeking refuge in the United States. This is horrific. The Trump administration has declined to defend the Affordable Care Act in court and the case will likely end up in the Supreme Court. Make no mistake, health care for millions of Americans could depend on who fills the current vacancy. #WhatsAtStake President Trump nominated a Justice to the Supreme Court who would overturn Roe, restrict women’s freedom when it comes to their health care choices, and strike down key health care protections for millions of Americans. Now more than ever is the time to fight #WhatsAtStake Roe v. Wade is law of the land. To insist that a Supreme Court nominee pledge to overturn that precedent is undemocratic, disrespectful of our institutions and an insult to Americans. #WhatsAtStake Make no mistake, this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care. The president has a clear litmus test for his nominees, and that means the deciding vote against Roe v. Wade. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake We called on the Trump administration to review whether corporate executives are using billions in savings from the #GOPTaxCut to manipulate the market to pad their own pockets. We’re still waiting for a response.pic.twitter.com/wfNVZ5ooil Six months after it passed, corporations continue to use the #GOPTaxCut to enrich wealthy shareholders instead of giving workers a much-deserved raise. … After failing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Republicans are now using courts to gut the law and strip health care from millions of Americans, including those with pre-existing conditions. #WhatsAtStake Judge Kavanaugh received President’s Trump nomination because he passed the president’s litmus test of being hostile to Roe v. Wade. If he were to be confirmed, women’s reproductive rights would be in the hands of five men on the Supreme Court #WhatsAtStake President Trump nominated a Justice to the Supreme Court who would overturn Roe, restrict women’s freedom when it comes to their health care choices, and strike down key health care protections for millions of Americans. Now more than ever is the time to fight #WhatsAtStake WATCH: I'll be delivering remarks at the Senate Judiciary Committee shortly. Tune in here: … Roe v. Wade defends the principle that individuals should be able to make personal decisions according to their beliefs and values. A Supreme Court justice who would vote to overturn Roe strikes at the heart of personal freedom. #WhatsAtStake It seems the administration lacks even the most basic facts about President Trump’s family separation policy. The Office of Refugee Resettlement needs competent leadership to reunite children with their parents and that means the director must be replaced.pic.twitter.com/VGPPuPfmgq Roe v. Wade is about limiting the government’s power to interfere in a range of personal decisions. Overturning Roe v. Wade will erode more than just reproductive rights, it will erode personal liberty along with it. #WhatsAtStake Texas v. United States could make its way to the Supreme Court in an upcoming term, giving Pres. Trump’s nominee a critical role in determining whether Americans with pre-existing conditions will continue to have access to affordable, quality health care or will be punished.pic.twitter.com/ZNuP2ntBTa Overturning Roe v. Wade should concern us all. It’s about more than a woman’s right to choose. It’s about personal freedom and the importance of Supreme Court precedent to our democracy. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/FXmhToqGJ7 By saying Germany is “totally controlled” by Russia, President Trump undermines one of the world’s most important alliances. NATO countries have fought alongside Americans for almost 70 years. His insults weaken our security and undercut our national interests. Brett Kavanaugh, who passed Pres. Trump’s litmus test on the Affordable Care Act, could be the vote that decides whether cancer patients, people with diabetes and pregnant women can be discriminated against by insurers as they were in the days before the ACA. #WhatsAtStake The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates this case could take health care away from 52 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. It’s possible the case, Texas v. United States, will ultimately be decided by the Supreme Court. #WhatsAtStake In June, the Trump administration stopped defending the Affordable Care Act in a pending lawsuit, instead joining the anti-ACA side. The Republican-led states leading the suit are trying to invalidate protections for people with pre-existing conditions. #WhatsAtStake WATCH: Senate Democrats will be speaking on #WhatsAtStake for your health care with President Trump's Supreme Court nominee: … President Trump has tried, and failed, to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Now he’s trying to sabotage it any way he can. Cutting funding for groups that help Americans sign up for insurance is a cynical political move that could result in more uninsured. I’m thrilled by the news that Liu Xia has been allowed to leave China. Her release is long overdue, and I wish her health and happiness. … If President Trump is sincere about peace, he’ll call on Israel to stop expanding illegal settlements that are designed to carve up the West Bank and to halt the demolition of Khan al-Ahmar and Susya. … In Gaza, 9 out of 10 people don’t have access to safe, public drinking water. More than one million rely on food aid, and poverty exceeds 40%. We must do more to end this humanitarian crisis that’s helping fuel the anger and violence we’re seeing in Gaza. With no plan for peace, the Trump administration has shifted focus on rebuilding Gaza. This is a good first step. … President Trump's actions are pushing peace between Israel and the Palestinians further out of reach. … UPDATE: The Trump administration has failed to meet the court deadline to reunite children under the age of 5 with their parents. This is an abject failure. Congress has a moral obligation to stop this, since the Trump administration lacks the competency to do so. Roe v. Wade is about privacy and the Constitutional promise of individual liberty. It’s not just about women’s reproductive rights—it enshrines decades of precedent on personal freedom and is the foundation of future defense of these rights. #WhatsAtStake “I have a message for Donald Trump:  The Constitution does not direct the President to nominate Justices with the advice and consent of the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation.  The Constitution gives that role to the Senate.” #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/lRAvCQvoap Great op-ed from Nancy Northup, president of @ReproRights, on why Roe v. Wade affects all Americans. “It’s about rearing our children without unwarranted government interference. It’s about choosing whom we want to marry.” #WhatsAtStake … Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has resulted in 23 indictments, 5 guilty pleas & 1 prison sentence in only one year. Confirming Benczkowski puts that investigation in jeopardy. Benczkowski refuses to recuse himself from the Russia investigation despite having worked for a Russian bank under investigation for ties to Trump. He also pushed for Comey’s firing to AG Sessions while serving on the Trump transition team. Those are clear conflicts of interest. Brett Kavanaugh’s “views are outside the mainstream, and there’s every reason to believe that he would overturn” Roe v. Wade,” @SenFeinstein says in rally with @SenateDems outside the U.S. Supreme Court #tictocnewspic.twitter.com/wgOa6Fx7hh Brett Kavanaugh's record indicates that he would be among the most conservative justices in Supreme Court history, his views are far outside the mainstream and there’s every reason to believe he would overturn Roe v. Wade. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/ILkkf4twk4 STARTING NOW: Judiciary Committee Democrats are speaking on the president’s nomination to the Supreme Court. … Brett Kavanaugh appears to meet all of President Trump’s political promises for how his candidate will rule. Kavanaugh’s record both on the bench and as a Republican operative indicate that he would be among the most conservative justices in Supreme Court history. #SCOTUS President Trump has been crystal clear about his litmus tests. He said that any #SCOTUS nominee would oppose gun safety laws and Roe v. Wade would be overturned ‘automatically.' #WhatsAtStake Brett Kavanaugh's views are far outside the mainstream when it comes to health care, executive power, privacy and gun safety. We need a nominee who understands that the court must protect the rights of all Americans, not just political interest groups and the powerful. #SCOTUS As drug overdose deaths continue to rise, we need the CDC to better support forensic medicine. This is a public health crisis, and we need all the overdose data we can get to better understand treatment, addiction and the effectiveness of our response. … 150 years ago the #14thAmendment extended due process and equal protection rights to all Americans. The Supreme Court has interpreted those protections to expand the rights of millions, ensuring access to contraception & marriage equality. Progress is #WhatsAtStake Guidelines on using car seats in airplanes exist for a reason. The FAA should be enforcing them uniformly so parents don’t get conflicting or unsafe directions when they fly.pic.twitter.com/CUTVXkXQj7 Justice Kennedy was the deciding vote TWICE in support of access to safe, legal abortions. President Trump’s nominee could reverse decades of settled law. Ideologically stacking the court is an affront to our democracy. #WhatsAtStake Cases that may make it to the Supreme Court:   -Comprehensive health care coverage for nursing mothers.  -False advertising by insurance companies about access to doctors. -Requirements that wealthy corporations provide health care coverage to their workers.   #WhatsAtStake ICYMI: @SenatorLeahy spoke with @NPR @MorningEdition about the upcoming #SCOTUS nomination. Listen to that interview here:  … #vtpoli The Supreme Court must protect the rights of ALL Americans, not just the wealthy and powerful. President Trump’s intent to nominate an extremist is a disservice to all. 70% of the country supports Roe v. Wade  #WhatsAtStake Overturning Roe v. Wade would take us back to the days of women being severely injured and dying because they can’t get basic medical care. We’ve come too far to go back to those days. #SaveSCOTUS Two-thirds of Americans don’t want women’s access to reproductive health care restricted. President Trump’s SCOTUS nominee could do just that by overturning Roe v. Wade and setting off at least 20 states’ “trigger laws” restricting abortions. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake President Trump pledged during the campaign he would only appoint “pro-life” justices. There's no reason to question whether any of the 25 potential nominees would uphold Roe v. Wade. We don’t have to guess—President Trump has promised that they will not. #WhatsAtStake The Trump administration supports eliminating protections for those with pre-existing conditions by supporting lawsuits against them. A Trump justice could put health care for 52 million Americans at risk. #WhatsAtStake When it comes to protecting a woman’s right to control her own body, the effect of one seat on the Supreme Court has never, ever been clearer. Justice Kennedy's replacement could eviscerate women’s freedoms for generations. #WhatsAtStake #CourtsMatter because 45 years ago, access to safe and legal abortions wasn’t allowed in this country. An extremist Trump nominee could set us back decades. That’s #WhatsAtStake The Trump administration has declined to defend the Affordable Care Act in court and the case will likely end up in the Supreme Court. Make no mistake, health care for millions of Americans could depend on who fills the current vacancy. #WhatsAtStake Challenges to comprehensive health care coverage pending in lower courts and could end up in Supreme Court. Filling the vacancy with a hard-right justice could jeopardize quality care for nursing mothers, the transgender community and individuals with disabilities. #WhatsAtStake The Trump administration is no longer defending the Affordable Care Act’s protections for pre-existing conditions. A new Trump Supreme Court justice could allow insurance companies to deny you coverage. #WhatsAtStake The Supreme Court affects every American. We’ve already seen President Trump stacking courts with nominees far outside the mainstream. The highest court in the land shouldn’t be a tool of ideological agendas. #CourtsMatter #WhatsAtStake A majority of Americans believe in protections for those with pre-existing conditions and a woman’s right to choose. Justice Kennedy’s replacement should not be an ideological judge who will roll back hard fought progress. #WhatsAtStake … A question on citizenship in the census is a cynical political ploy to discourage participation from immigrant communities. Recent reporting calls into question Secretary Ross’s earlier answers on his motives for including this question on the 2020 census and he needs to clarify.pic.twitter.com/K3dwi9Qd4c With the departure of Scott Pruitt, the EPA should return to its core mission of protecting the environment. The Trump administration needs to abandon its deregulatory agenda and instead take up the fight for clean air, clean water and a stable climate. Justice Kennedy’s replacement on the Supreme Court could have a bigger effect on Americans daily lives than any justice in our lifetime. Pres. Trump owes it to the American people to nominate a moderate, consensus candidate, not an extremist. #WhatsAtStake … The Supreme Court shouldn’t be hijacked by right-wing, dark money groups intent on gutting the Affordable Care Act. President Trump must choose a consensus nominee with views the majority of the country clearly supports. #WhatsAtStake … At least 20 states are poised to enact abortion bans immediately if Roe v. Wade is overturned. It’s no exaggeration to say that the stakes with this Supreme Court nomination couldn’t be higher. #WhatsAtStake Rolling back Roe v. Wade is just one way an ideological Supreme Court Justice could hurt women. Undermining well-established constitutional rights of women to make their own health decisions could also lead to restricted access to contraception. #WhatsAtStake Must read op-ed by @SenSchumer: The fight for the next Supreme Court justice is a fight to save the Affordable Care Act and Roe v. Wade. It’s that simple. The American people deserve a moderate nominee, not an extremist. #WhatsAtStake … Happy Fourth of July! I wish everyone a safe and restful Independence Day with loved ones as we celebrate our country’s 242nd birthday. A single justice made the difference between safe, legal access to abortions and dangerous, back-alley procedures. A new justice may unravel that. #WhatsAtStake is a woman’s right to make choices about her own body. #SaveSCOTUS Congress passed increased funding for low-income, first generation college students through the TRIO programs. The Department to Education must respect that and make funding available to TRIO participants instead of holding back funds. … Roe v. Wade is law of the land. To insist that a Supreme Court nominee pledge to overturn that precedent is undemocratic, disrespectful of our institutions and an insult to Americans. #WhatsAtStake The Supreme Court has clearly allowed the use of race in college admissions. Rescinding guidance to schools on considering race will only discourage a practice that levels the playing field for students. Yet another example of Pres. Trump's need to undo everything Pres. Obama did … Make no mistake, this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care. The president has a clear litmus test for his nominees, and that means the deciding vote against Roe v. Wade. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake Justice Kennedy was a swing vote on key issues. The next justice must not be a hard-right ideologue who would further roll back progress on voting rights, worker rights, women’s rights and other key issues. #WhatsAtStake Justice Kennedy’s votes had an outsize effect on Americans, from reaffirming Roe v. Wade & ending the death penalty for minors to allowing EPA to reduce air pollution & ending the ban on same-sex marriage. Kennedy's replacement could overturn these key decisions. #WhatsAtStake 54 years ago today, the Civil Rights Act became law, prohibiting discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Though it was landmark in the fight against racial disparity, discrimination remains an issue we must work to end in all forms. The Trump administration has declined to defend the Affordable Care Act in court and the case will likely end up in the Supreme Court. Make no mistake, health care for millions of Americans could depend on who fills the current vacancy. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/N7tPysbuBo Justice Kennedy was a swing vote on key issues. The next justice must not be a hard-right ideologue who would further roll back progress on voting rights, worker rights, women’s rights and other key issues. #WhatsAtStake 2.The Affordable Care Act guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions. 52 million Americans could lose health care coverage if those protections are invalidated by a Supreme Court ruling. #WhatsAtStake 1.After failing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Republicans are now using courts to gut the law and strip health care from millions of Americans, including those with pre-existing conditions. #WhatsAtStake A woman’s right to control her own body is at stake with the next Supreme Court nomination. Women nationwide have never been more galvanized and they deserve a say in who the next justice will be. #SaveSCOTUSpic.twitter.com/k2h0VdIlHK Challenges to comprehensive health care coverage pending in lower courts and could end up in Supreme Court. Filling the vacancy with a hard-right justice could jeopardize quality care for nursing mothers, the transgender community and individuals with disabilities. #WhatsAtStake Cases that may make it to the Supreme Court:  Comprehensive health care coverage for nursing mothers False advertising by insurance companies about access to doctors Requirements that wealthy corporations provide health care coverage to their workers   #WhatsAtStake A single justice made the difference between safe, legal access to abortions and dangerous, back-alley procedures. A new justice may unravel that. #WhatsAtStake is a woman’s right to make choices about her own body. Voters deserve a say in how the court evolves. #SaveSCOTUS This is a fight for the soul of America. We must not be a country that tears children from their mothers. We must not be a country that traumatizes the most vulnerable. #FamiliesBelongTogther Make no mistake, this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care. The president has a clear litmus test for his nominees, and that means the deciding vote against Roe v. Wade. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake Conditions in Gaza are appalling: contaminated water, a nonexistent economy, unemployment at 40 percent, and more than 1 million Palestinians dependent on U.N. food assistance. President Trump’s $305 million cut to humanitarian aid will only make it worse. … America’s role as an honest broker in this conflict requires us to be a voice for both Palestinians and Israelis. President Trump has embraced Israel’s hardline policies while ignoring the plight of Palestinians, helping fuel the violence we’re now seeing. … A Supreme Court ruling earlier this week dealt a crushing blow to the ability of workers to secure fair pay and good health care. This is a reminder of why #CourtsMatter. Our bill will guarantee a right to collective bargaining for public sector workers. … If the Senate needed to wait nine months when Justice Scalia died, then it surely needs to wait four months now. If the American people deserved to have their voices heard then, they deserve to have their voices heard now. #FollowTheMcConnellStandard The Senate shouldn’t conduct business cynically by bending to the majority’s will. Instead, it should follow Senate traditions and precedent. The #McConnellStandard was established with the last nominee and it should be observed today. Follow the McConnellStandard As Republicans have stressed, the Constitution provides the Senate with a key role in the nominations process. They vigorously defended the Senate and the people’s roles when President Obama was in office, they should do likewise when President Trump is in office. Some Republicans are suggesting the #McConnellStandard only applies to presidential elections. Respectfully, that’s ridiculous. Regardless of who is president, the Senate confirms a Supreme Court nominee. The people deserve a say on who controls the Senate. The farm bill is a win for California. It invests in the crops we grow, promotes organics and helps feed families. We also rejected House proposals that would make it harder to qualify for food assistance. This bill will put more food on kitchen tables. … My heart goes out to all those affected by the shooting at the Capital Gazette in Maryland, and my thanks to law enforcement for their response. We can’t continue allowing this to happen. Our communities deserve better. Pres. Trump prides himself on deal-making, but he’s made a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians more difficult at every turn. Moving the embassy to Jerusalem, allowing settlement expansion and cutting aid to Gaza are not the path to peace. … Protecting a woman’s right to control her body has been one of my top priorities since I was first elected. The next Supreme Court Justice could roll back that right. Women deserve to have their voices heard, and following the #McConnellStandard would ensure that. #SaveSCOTUS While I disagreed with my colleagues’ actions when they blocked Judge Garland from receiving a hearing or vote, the simple fact is that Republicans set a new standard. The #McConnellStandard shouldn’t be ignored just because a Republican is president. #SaveSCOTUS When Justice Scalia died NINE months before an election, ALL Judiciary Committee Republicans agreed to take NO ACTION on ANY nominee. They said the American people deserve a voice in who will sit on the Supreme Court. If it was true then, it must be true now. #SaveSCOTUS WATCH NOW: I’ll be speaking at the Senate Judiciary Committee on the importance of following the #McConnellStandard and waiting until after the elections to fill the newly-vacant Supreme Court seat. #SaveSCOTUS … Two years ago, the Supreme Court ruled in support of a woman’s right to choose. Today, we’re upholding that legacy by fighting for the Women's Health Protection Act that would preserve safe and legal access to abortion services for all women, regardless of location. #ActForWomen Two years ago, the Supreme Court guaranteed a right for women to access abortion care without an undue burden. But since then, nearly 200 state-level restrictions on access to abortion care have been passed. We must #ActForWomen and preserve access to safe abortion services. We #ActForWomen because safe and legal abortion access needs to be protected nationally. We can’t let the nearly 200 state-level restrictions that have been passed chip away at the fundamental right of a woman to make her own choices when it comes to health care. 4 months away from an election, there should be no consideration of a Supreme Court nominee until the American people have a say. Leader McConnell set that standard when he denied Judge Garland a hearing for nearly a year, and the Senate should follow the McConnell Standard now. This is a manufactured crises, plain and simple. Previous presidents have found ways to enforce our immigration laws without separating children from their parents. If the president won’t protect children and keep families together then Congress must. #KeepFamiliesTogether President Trump’s trade war is pushing companies like Harley-Davidson to move American jobs overseas. Now the president is threatening them with higher taxes for the fallout from his own trade policies. That’s not how we do business in the United States. … The bipartisan Equality Act would provide clear and consistent nondiscrimination protections for #LGBT people across all areas of life including employment, housing, federally-funded programs, public spaces and services, education, credit and jury service. #EqualityForward 3 years ago the Supreme Court ruled that LGBT Americans could legally marry. Today, 30 states still allow employers & landlords to openly discriminate against a person based on sexual orientation. It’s past time to move #EqualityForward & continue the march toward full equality.pic.twitter.com/gWZcbnn7Kb Important: This morning the Health and Human Services Secretary stated that children would NOT be reunited with parents who are in detention. The administration is holding children hostage to push parents to drop their asylum claims. UPDATE: Only around 500 children separated from their parents at the border have been reunited. Around 2,000 children are still separated. We must not allow attention to fade from this ongoing crisis. Allowing unlicensed, anti-abortion clinics to give women misleading information about health care under the guise of the First Amendment is appalling. This further undermines the ability of women to control their own bodies and make informed decisions about their health care. … The decision by the Supreme Court’s Republican majority to uphold Pres. Trump’s travel ban is deeply disturbing. He made clear during the campaign his bias and bigotry toward Muslims, yet the court gave his statements little weight. Let this decision remind us that #CourtsMatter Persistent advocacy of survivors like Amanda and Terry is the reason we have the Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights today. Thank you for your courage and your candor as you told us your stories today. @nguyen_amanda @TerryCrews  …pic.twitter.com/pUGMrLKRbc I asked @TerryCrews why he didn’t use his considerable strength to fight back when he was sexually assaulted. His answer is a powerful reminder of how victims are too often forced into silence to avoid damaging their careers or reputations. We need to hear the truth.pic.twitter.com/8xSxnhXj91 The Justice Department has limited resources and it makes NO sense to prosecute families instead of drug traffickers. If the Trump administration wanted to protect public safety it would prioritize serious criminals. … Women use an average of 12 personal care products with 168 different ingredients each & every day. Congress has not updated the law that ensures these products are safe in 80 years. Our Personal Care Products Safety Act would ensure ingredients are safe to protect public health. We shouldn’t be a country that rips nursing babies from their mothers. We shouldn’t be a country that puts dozens of children in cages with thin mats and aluminum blankets. And we shouldn’t be a country that detains immigrant families indefinitely. #KeepFamiliesTogether The Senate just passed our Energy & Water funding bill that provides $575 million for Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation for water infrastructure and drought resilience programs in Calif. As we continue to recover from this drought we must prepare for the next one. No other type of product is so widely used with so few federal safeguards.   … Our skin is our largest organ, but there are few safety rules ensuring the ingredients in them are safe. It’s been 80 years since Congress passed a law regulating ingredients used in these products. There’s absolutely no excuse for the administration’s failure to have a plan in place to reunite families as quickly as possible. I’m calling for an emergency oversight hearing in the Judiciary Committee so Congress can get some answers and hold this administration accountable. Protections that limit how long children can be detained aren’t “loopholes.” They’re guarantees of basic decency. We have children coming to our border who are often fleeing horrific violence. We shouldn’t deny them basic due process or humane treatment. #KeepFamiliesTogether President Trump has created total chaos with his executive order. Rather than reverse his so-called zero-tolerance policy, the president is going after protections for immigrant children that ensure they are provided with food and water. #KeepFamiliesTogether President Trump’s executive order is a bait and switch. He will only end separation if he can detain families indefinitely and roll back protections for all immigrant children. He’s using a crisis he created to undermine immigrant rights. #KeepFamiliesTogether Detaining families indefinitely is not only cruel, it's also unnecessary. ICE’s own statistics show that 99% of people enrolled in the Alternatives to Detention Program attend court hearings. The administration’s policies are driven by ideology, not facts. #KeepFamiliesTogether Happy #Pride, San Francisco! Let’s celebrate the work of LGBT activists who have come before by continuing to fight toward full equality. Today’s celebrations are a testament to their hard-fought victories. #SFPride 74 years ago FDR established the #GIBill to help veterans returning home from war. Today, the #GIBill continues to provide a path to higher education and technical certifications. It’s an essential program to thank our brave military men and women for years of selfless service. It’s great to hear that California has received three local drug crises grants. These are drug free communities grants specifically geared toward addressing the opioid crisis. We have to keep using every tool available to fight the drug overdose epidemic. Appropriate supplies of essential medication should always be available for patients who need it. We’re asking the FDA to identify the causes of drug shortages and find solutions so that no one has to go without vital medication. … President Trump has created total chaos. The administration has admitted it has no plans to reunite the more than 2,300 children taken from their parents. These families were torn apart without any idea how they would be put back together. #FamiliesBelongTogther Enforcing our immigration laws does not mean enactment of policies that are inconsistent with the most basic of American values. The President has created a false choice.  His executive order is an inhumane solution to a problem created by a terrible policy. We can do better. What is going on here is a bait and switch, and I for one don’t believe we should accept this false choice.  I will continue to work on passing legislation to protect children and keep families together.  The solution to the cruelty of putting children in cages isn’t to add their parents to those cages. Alternatives to detention work. We can enforce our immigration laws effectively with compassion – as was done under Presidents Bush and Obama. … ICE’s own statistics show that alternatives to detention work. The president has decided to enact a policy that ignores those statistics and is creating a humanitarian crisis on our border. Detaining families indefinitely isn’t a solution. Withdrawing the U.S. from the UN Human Right Council will only embolden the worst abusers and further isolate our country. The Trump administration continues to cede American leadership in the world to any and all. We’re a country founded by refugees and immigrants. From the beginning, America has been a refuge for all manner of people seeking a safe place for their families to build a life. #WorldRefugeeDay should remind us of the countless contributions refugees have made to the U.S. It’s extremely troubling that the president’s executive order would require immigrant families with children to be detained indefinitely. The order appears to be the next step in the Trump administration’s larger agenda to eliminate basic protections for asylum seekers. These families were separated due to a barbaric new Trump administration policy conceived in a cruel effort to deter those seeking asylum and better lives from coming to the United States. This policy isn’t compatible with American values. … Estas familias fueron separadas debido a una nueva política desastrosa del gobierno Trump, con el intento malicioso de disuadir a los inmigrantes en busca de asilo y en busca de una vida mejor en los Estados Unidos. No es una politca compatible con los valores de nuestro país. The #KeepFamiliesTogetherAct does NOT allow sex traffickers to use children as pawns. To say otherwise is wrong It explicitly ensures protection if sex trafficking or abuse is suspected. Republicans are misrepresenting my bill to justify their inexcusable choice to not support it Our bill puts the welfare of children first and foremost. It bars separation except in cases of abuse or trafficking. Any decision to separate a child from their parent would have to be made in consultation with a child welfare specialist. #KeepFamiliesTogether Using basic protections for children as an excuse to separate families at the border is appalling. As is calling them loopholes. These protections passed the Senate with overwhelming support because they are commonsense measures to protect children. Fact Check: Basic humanitarian protections for unaccompanied minors are NOT loopholes. My lead cosponsor on the bill to create these protections was Senator Sam Brownback, one of the Senate’s most conservative members. Fact Check: Basic humanitarian protections for unaccompanied minors are NOT loopholes. They were approved by Congress with broad, bipartisan support. … This policy, which has never been federal policy, has resulted in hundreds of children being taken from their parents. This is a low point that I never thought I’d see in the United States of America. Candidly, I find it revolting. … La política de separar niños de sus padres nunca ha sido política federal. Este es un momento grave que nunca pensé que vería en los Estados Unidos. Sinceramente, me parece repugnante. … #Juneteenth may have ended slavery, but it didn't end discrimination. However, despite decades of racism, we keep moving toward equality thanks to the work of so many brave Americans. Today, let’s celebrate #Juneteenth by focusing on the work we still have ahead of us. This isn’t who we are. Separating children from their parents reminds us of the worst chapters in American history. This horrific policy MUST end. We have a bill with 49 cosponsors that will do just that. The Senate must pass it NOW. #KeepFamiliesTogether President Trump and his administration are separating children from their parents to deter immigrants from seeking asylum and gain leverage to enact their anti-immigrant policies. They’ve said so plainly. #KeepFamiliesTogether … Let’s set the record straight: There is no requirement to separate immigrant families. This policy is Donald Trump’s policy, period. Presidents Bush and Obama refused to implement such a terrible policy. #KeepFamiliesTogether Donald Trump could end the separation of families today. If he won’t, our bill to #KeepFamiliesTogether has the support of ALL 49 Democrats. We need Republicans to step up to the plate and support our bill. There's no law that requires a child be taken from a mother’s arms while nursing. This is the Trump administration’s policy. President Trump could put an end to this immoral policy right now. #KeepFamiliesTogether Congress shouldn’t cede its authority over nuclear weapons to President Trump. Unfortunately, that’s exactly what the NDAA would do by removing congressional oversight for building future nuclear weapons. … Key point in IG report: Director Comey’s decisions were not motivated by political bias. … Key point in IG report: Director Comey’s decisions to deviate from Justice Department policy helped  Donald Trump. … Key point in IG report: The FBI’s actions leading up to the 2016 political campaign were NOT influenced by political bias. … Donald Trump, stop this atrocity. America does not take children from parents in this vile manner. UPDATE: The entire Democratic caucus supports our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. I’ve heard countless Republicans say that they oppose children being taken from their parents. If that’s true, they should support our bill NOW! The latest reports from the border indicate that large groups of children are being held in cages and some children are so traumatized they've attempted suicide. President Trump could end this horrific policy TODAY. If he won't, Congress must pass the #KeepFamiliesTogetherAct UPDATE: 48 senators now support the Keep Families Together Act. We're making progress, but we still need Republicans to join. If you're represented by a Republican senator, tell them to support S.3036. #KeepFamiliesTogether Happy Father’s Day to all dads in California and across the U.S.! I hope it’s a day full of celebration with family and loved ones. Antarctica and the Greenland ice sheet are both melting. They’ve each lost more than 1 trillion tons of ice to the sea in just the last five years, and the rate is accelerating. We are going to have to cut our emissions even faster if we want to save our coastlines.pic.twitter.com/IMcwJYlV1V Wishing San Diego a happy #Pride this weekend! Get out and celebrate the progress we’ve made. I can’t wait to see what we achieve next on our march to full equality. UPDATE: 43 senators now support our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. We still need a Republican senator to join. If you’re represented by a Republican senator, please ask them to cosponsor S.3036. #FamiliesBelongTogether California is home to more Dreamers than any state in the country. Over the past six years, the DACA program has allowed these young people to pursue their dreams and make incredible contributions to our communities. #ProtectDREAMers News reports indicate that nearly 2,000 children have been taken from their parents in six weeks—about 50 per day. This is an immoral, horrific policy. President Trump could stop this on his own. If he won’t, Congress MUST pass our bill to #KeepFamiliesTogether. Kids are not pawns to be used as an immigration deterrent. Families belong together, it’s that simple. This is not about politics, it’s about who we are as a country. We must speak out when we see injustice. #FamiliesBelongTogether President Trump has the power to stop the separation of families, but if he won’t take action then Congress must. S. 3036 deserves a vote before the whole Senate. #FamiliesBelongTogether Israel shouldn’t force people off their land by demolishing the village of Khan al-Ahmar in the West Bank. I'd encourage Israel to instead approve its master plan and work with the Bedouin community to provide building permits so they can live in peace. … I’m appalled by Ambassador Grenell’s comments promoting conservative political parties in Europe. It’s absolutely unacceptable for any ambassador to meddle in the domestic politics of another country. Secretary Pompeo should make that clear to all U.S. ambassadors.pic.twitter.com/NNwyxnEmjg The Trump administration can’t continue to support this war that has devolved into an appalling humanitarian disaster. The U.N. and aid agencies have already pulled their aid workers from Hodeidah for fear of the devastating attacks on the port city. … President Trump was wrong again this morning when he said the law requires children to be taken from their parents at the border. To blame Democrats for this policy is a lie. This is the Trump administration’s policy, period. And President Trump could and should end it NOW! I’m deeply disturbed by reports of attacks against the Yemeni port city of Hodeidah by a Saudi coalition supported by the U.S. Millions of people in Yemen depend on food and assistance from humanitarian organizations, most of which flows through this city. … I oppose the nomination of Patrick Wyrick. Both his experience as a lawyer and judge and his limited public record show a hostility towards women’s rights and the federal government’s ability to protect consumers and the environment. #CourtsMatter Eid Mubarak to everyone in California and around the world marking the end of Ramadan! Wishing everyone a peaceful and celebratory night. Fact Check: There is no law that requires families at the border to be separated. This is the Trump administration’s decision and they could put an end to this immoral policy today. Because they won’t, Congress must take a stand and pass our Keep Families Together Act. Everyone knows that taking children away from their parents is wrong. #FamiliesBelongTogether and should never be separated. Kids must be with their parents, not in detention centers. Call your senators and tell them to support S. 3036! Read my statement on the Justice Department IG report on the 2016 election. … Happy Birthday to the U.S. Army! I’d like to give my heartfelt thanks to all the brave men and women who keep the noble traditions of our Army alive each and every day through selfless service. Thank you for your dedication and sacrifice. Thanks @JimmyKimmel! We need as many people to call their senators as possible. … Happy #FlagDay! Today, let’s remember what our flag stands for: equality, opportunity, freedom and refuge for so many persecuted and ‘huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’ It’s up to each and every one of us to make sure we’re living up to the values our flag stands for. UPDATE: 40 senators now support our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. We’re continuing to ask Republican senators to join our bill. If you’re represented by a Republican senator, please ask them to cosponsor S.3036. #FamiliesBelongTogether This is a fundamental issue for everything we stand for as a country. How can we do this? We have a bill. The Senate should be allowed to debate it and express its view on this inhumane practice of separating immigrant families at the border. We can put an end to this right now.pic.twitter.com/qY4zwmQtFK Congratulations to San Francisco’s new mayor-elect, London Breed. I’m proud that another woman will lead our City, and I look forward to working with her! We're urging the Trump administration to defend protections for Americans pre-existing conditions. If the Trump administration position wins in court, insurance companies would again be able to deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions. … The Trump administration is refusing to defend protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions in court. Republicans would take health care away from millions of Americans. Democrats want to protect and expand access to health care. Immigrant children should not be taken from their parents.  Call your senator and ask them to support S. 3036 to #KeepFamiliesTogether Lea esta columna escrita por la @SenFeinstein sobre por qué el Congreso tiene la obligación moral de mantener a las familias inmigrantes juntas y prevenir que el DHS continúe separando a niños de sus padres en la frontera. … UPDATE: 38 senators now support our legislation to prevent children being taken from their parents at the border. We’re building momentum to end this horrific practice. Please ask your senators to support us! Today we remember the 49 murdered and 53 wounded, largely from Orlando’s LGBT community of color, at the Pulse nightclub two years ago. Lawmakers have an obligation to stand up to the gun lobby and pass laws that would help prevent mass shootings.pic.twitter.com/5FwrMkmJ0U There is no law that requires children be removed from their parents. That’s the policy choice of the Trump administration. If he won’t end this horrific policy, Congress must.pic.twitter.com/mq4cemRnsL The United States must not be a country that traumatizes young children by separating them from their parents. All parents know the sound of their children calling out to them in the night. It’s reprehensible that these calls are going unanswered because of Pres. Trump’s policies WATCH NOW: Press conference on the “Keep Families Together Act,” our bill to prevent the Trump administration from separating immigrant families at the border. … Congress has a moral obligation to take a stand and say that families should not be separated. Many of these families are fleeing terrible violence, traveling thousands of miles on foot to file an asylum claim and save their lives. To traumatize them further is unconscionable. I’m very troubled by President Trump’s antics following the G7 summit. The United States and Canada share much more than a 5,500-mile border: we share common values and interests, and have one of the strongest bilateral partnerships in the world.pic.twitter.com/EQeinr8LXP This generation has energy and momentum that I’ve never seen before when it comes to pushing for commonsense gun reform. I’m excited to see these young people continuing their advocacy. Join March for Our Lives LA tomorrow, 6/12, to say #EnoughIsEnough.pic.twitter.com/XK5mrZM4l6 An accurate count of everyone living in the United States is vital to our democracy. Adding a question designed to depress participation in certain communities is an assault on the foundations of this country. … President Trump’s antics are clearly alienating our closest allies, undermining our national interests and security. It’s time the president recognizes that our allies are invaluable, they’re not temporary business partners he can bully and insult.pic.twitter.com/hzDXAE8zsA #NetNeutrality protects small businesses and innovators in California by ensuring they have a level playing field online. The @FCC repeal will gut those protections. #SaveTheInternet Young children have been taken from their parents’ arms and federal law enforcement hasn’t given parents even the most basic information about their children’s whereabouts. These traumatic separations may cause lasting harm to the children involved. … Keeping #NetNeutrality means consumers get to choose what websites and applications they see online. Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues in the House. #SaveTheInternet The future of the internet is at stake. We need to maintain pressure on the @FCC’s #NetNeutrality repeal. I was proud to have vote against repeal last month. Now I urge my House colleagues to follow suit! Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues. The Senate already voted to #SaveTheInternet, now it’s up to the House. 55 years ago JFK signed the #EqualPayAct into law mandating equal pay for equal work. Today, women in California still earn just 88 cents to every dollar men make. Let’s not wait another half century before we pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct Happy #Pride, Los Angeles and Sacramento! I wish everyone a safe and happy weekend as we celebrate the progress we’ve achieved and continue our work toward full equality. Looking forward to collecting on our wager, @SenSherrodBrown and @SenRobPortman. A valiant effort from your @Cavs...there's always next year! #DubNation @Warriors Another amazing season for the @Warriors! So proud that KD, Steph and the whole team brought the title back home where it belongs. What a dynasty! #DubNation 175 hospitals in California rely on the 340B Drug Pricing Program to provide crucial services to the uninsured and low-income patients in their communities. I’m asking the Senate HELP Committee to maintain this vital program.pic.twitter.com/l35gCfcexm India is taking a decisive step toward solving our world’s massive problem with single-use plastics.  8 million metric tons of plastic end up in our oceans every year. Very glad to see the world’s fastest growing economy taking action. #WorldOceansDay … BREAKING: I’ve introduced our bill to keep immigrant children from being separated from their parents. 32 senators are taking a stand and making clear that we have a moral obligation to stop this horrific policy. #FamiliesBelongTogether Today the Judiciary Committee advanced a judicial nominee, Ryan Bounds, without support from either of his home-state senators. This has NEVER happened before. It’s yet another example of Republicans breaking the rules to stack our federal courts. (3/3) The stamp was designed by Ethel Kessler, herself a breast cancer survivor. Ask for it at the post office and join the fight against breast cancer. It’s an easy way to really make a difference!pic.twitter.com/9vAbn1JhGD (2/3) The study is the largest precision cancer medicine trial ever & received $4.5 million in funding from the Breast Cancer Stamp. The stamp is sold with an 11 cent surcharge that goes toward research. To date, this stamp has raised more than $86 million for breast cancer. (1/3) Great to hear new research shows that many women with breast cancer can now safely avoid the difficult side-effects of chemotherapy without lowering survival rates. Excellent new study initially funded by the Breast Cancer Research Stamp. … News that President Trump is ignoring counterintelligence procedures by using unsecured cell phones is unacceptable. This leaves him and the U.S. government open to hacking and surveillance. We’re calling for a threat assessment to determine the president’s exposure.pic.twitter.com/u5JCYMr7qo #NetNeutrality will officially end on Monday. The Senate has done its part, all we need to #SaveTheInternet is for Speaker Ryan to schedule a vote before the deadline!pic.twitter.com/XljQJiFEKy It was great meeting with Californians visiting Washington! It’s a pleasure to get to work every day on behalf of our great state and all of you. I hope everyone enjoyed hearing about the latest work my staff and I are doing on issues that matter to Californians.pic.twitter.com/wz7F5Lr7XH Immigrants and refugees have made important contributions to California and our country. This #ImmigrantHeritageMonth, let’s honor our history as a nation of immigrants. Thomas Farr, one of President Trump’s judicial nominees, has a long record of opposing civil rights and supporting voter suppression. He’s not fit to be a federal judge. #CourtsMatter President Trump’s judicial nominee, Thomas Farr, defended North Carolina's 2013 voter suppression law. When the Fourth Circuit struck down the law, the court described it as targeting African American voters with "almost surgical precision." #CourtsMatter 74 years later and we still owe a debt of gratitude to the brave soldiers who took part in #DDay. In a time of dire need, young men from across the country answered the call to serve their country. Their selfless sacrifice turned the tide of a war and safeguarded our freedom. Thomas Farr, a President Trump judicial nominee, led the defense of North Carolina’s discriminatory voter suppression law. When struck down, the Fourth Circuit called the law “the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow.” #CourtsMatter Many immigrant stories from the past aren’t so different from those of families striving to make a better life in America today.  #FamiliesBelongTogether #ImmigrantHeritageMonth #ImmigrantHeritageMonth is a great time to remember that America’s history celebrates the many immigrants who made the United States their home and helped shape our country. Immigrants and refugees make us stronger. 50 years ago we lost Robert F. Kennedy to a senseless act of violence. We would do well to remember his message of compassion and dogged determination to help the disadvantaged live with dignity in our country. Plastics are wreaking havoc on our oceans. #WorldEnvironmentDay is a good reminder to think about ways you can help by reducing your waste footprint. … 4/4 We’ve almost finished writing a bill to stop this heinous practice, but we’re going to need everyone’s help to move it. Anyone who has ever had a child knows the relationship between child and family. We simply can’t let this continue. 3/4 To keep children in huge buildings, behind fences, with no contact with their families, that’s not the way of the United States of America. Every one of us must stand up and say we’re not going to allow this to continue. It revolts me. 2/4 Consider this: A child wakes up, terrified, no familiar faces around. He cries out in terror, but mom and dad can’t comfort him, they’re detained elsewhere. This must be absolute hell on earth for these children, and it’s immoral. 1/4 One thing I never thought this country would do is separate young children from their families, but that’s what’s happening at the border. That’s why we’re introducing a bill this week to put an end to this. We’re calling for more funding in the #FarmBill to help our growers meet today’s challenges. Research helps protect Calif. crops from diseases, pests & other food production hurdles. Unfortunately, only a small percentage of these vital projects receive funding. We can do better.pic.twitter.com/HRhynNbaNw I hosted a dinner in 2016 with my husband Dick Blum for the 49ers glory team, and were delighted to have Dwight Clark and former owner Eddie DeBartolo attend. It was a great evening with those legends responsible for starting a dynastypic.twitter.com/gXKwYv9CfE Dwight’s death comes close to that of “The Genius” Bill Walsh, who designed and implemented the West Coast offense. I say this as a long-time fan, through thick and thin. … I was present in the stadium for “The Catch” in 1981, which began the glory days of the San Francisco 49ers with five Super Bowl victories. What a great team! … Heartbroken to hear of 49ers star Dwight Clark’s passing. Though he’ll certainly be remembered for his accomplishments on the field, I’ll always remember his charisma and the will to overcome ALS. My thoughts are with his family. He’ll be missed, remembered and admired forever. I agree with Justice Department regulations issued during the Nixon administration—a president can’t pardon himself.  No one—including the president—is above the law. Two-thirds of @NatlParkService land overseen by the Pacific West Regional Office is located in Calif. Moving the office to a far corner of the region will make it harder to effectively administer the region’s parks, potentially offsetting any cost savings. … .@Dicks Sporting Goods has been a leader in taking commonsense steps in response to gun violence. They're proof you can SUCCESSFULLY do business as a gun seller w/out selling assault weapons or to anyone under 21. I hope more companies follow their lead. … Retaliation by Canada, Mexico and the E.U. will hit our growers hard on top of the tariffs China has already put in place. This is quickly becoming a dangerous trade war with no plan in sight from our president. The Trump administration still hasn’t developed a plan to help California farmers hurt by the trade war with China. Now the president is placing new tariffs on Canada, Mexico and the E.U. Our growers shouldn’t pay the price for President Trump’s poorly thought out trade wars.pic.twitter.com/DXBDJ1JeO9 Republicans often profess that every American should be able to see the doctor of their choice, but they have a different standard when it comes to women’s health care. Women who know and trust Planned Parenthood should be able to visit Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood provides basic health care like birth control and cancer screenings to more than 700k patients in CA under Title X. A new Trump admin. policy would bar these patients from going for these basic health care services. It’s political & it’s disgusting. @PPActionCA Last week’s resounding vote to legalize abortion in Ireland shows that access to health care for women is not a political issue. Men and women together voted to ensure women can make their own choices about their bodies and their health care. Happy #Pride Month! Let’s recognize the diversity, dignity and strength of the LGBT community as we celebrate. We’ve made some real strides toward ending discrimination, but we have a lot more work to do before full equality is a reality for everyone. Currently, @HUDgov policies bar Native American veterans from living in tribal housing. Tribes shouldn’t have to choose between building much-needed housing for their population or solely for vets. This is a no cost regulatory fix that will help tribes better serve our veterans.pic.twitter.com/mmB2au40bE I #WearOrange because we owe it to young people to make schools places of learning and not sites of tragic gun violence. We can do better. We can ban bump-stocks, expand background checks and ban assault weapons. Let’s get weapons of war off our streets & make schools safe again. The Trump administration’s latest effort to bar patients from Planned Parenthood is a new low in their efforts to roll back women’s reproductive rights. President Trump, Republicans in Congress and their political base want to take women back to the days before Roe v. Wade. Because #FamiliesBelongTogether, I’m working on legislation that would bar the separation of immigrant children from their parents. America should not be a country that traumatizes young children. At @MLKCH w/ @SenFeinstein discussing importance of medicaid in providing care to address California’s homelessness crisis. #Fight4Homeless @EveryoneIn_LA @LAHomeless @CDCHACoLA @LAUnitedWay @ssghopics @skidroworg @AComofFriends @pathpartnerspic.twitter.com/B6SYXcAg01 Congress has steadfastly funded the modernization of our nuclear stockpile and its infrastructure over the last 8 years. The low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile is an additional, unnecessary expense that our own military says it doesn’t need to deter Russia. Gen. John Hyten, the commander of U.S. Strategic Command, testified before Congress, “I have everything I need today to deter Russia from doing anything against the United States of America. We're fully ready against any threat that exists today, without a doubt.” New nuclear weapons are unnecessary. We already possess enough to destroy the planet several times over and are undergoing a $1.7 trillion modernization of our existing arsenal. New nuclear weapons would be on top of that enormous expense. Congress is about to give President Trump a dangerous new nuclear weapon, a low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile that is small enough to be used on a battlefield. This is a mistake, and I strongly oppose it. There is no winning a nuclear war. Separating young children from their parents could harm them for life. Many of these families are fleeing terrible violence at home and come to this country to file an asylum claim. To terrorize them further is unconscionable Traumatizing young immigrant children and their parents is a new low. This is not who we are as a nation. History will not be kind to us if we don’t speak out and end this shameful policy. Challenge accepted! @SenKamalaHarris and I are going all in with the #DubNation! We’re betting you and @senrobportman a case of California chardonnay and some @AnchorBrewing beer the championship once again comes home to the Bay Area. … We’re calling on @USGAO to investigate the economic impact of sexual harassment in the workplace so we can understand its true cost. … Separating children from their parents as a form of punishment is shameful. This is not what the United States of America should be. We should be a country that shows compassion and treats the vulnerable with dignity, not one that traumatizes young children. Must read by @NickKristof These stories are devastating. Shockingly, they're becoming a common experience at our border. This shameful practice of separating young children from parents must be brought to an end & I’m working on a bill to do just that. … President Trump thinks trade wars are easy to win, but unless he reverses course, it will be American consumers, workers and families who lose. The president claims he’s acting to protect American jobs, but his misguided trade policies are instead endangering the jobs of thousands of Californians, from longshoremen and manufacturers to agriculture workers and construction workers. The Trump administration is now announcing steel tariffs on our closest trade partners and allies. Almost 25 percent of the steel and aluminum imported in the United States comes through California’s ports, generating more than $4 billion in trade activity. California has borne the brunt of President Trump’s global trade war as countries retaliate with tariffs on our products. California farmers are being hit particularly hard. It’s hard to conceive of a policy more horrific than separating children from their parents. I’m working on legislation that would prevent the intentional separation of immigrant families. Congress has a moral obligation to take a stand here. Our drug overdose and opioid epidemic requires a comprehensive approach. The Substance Abuse Prevention Act would ensure drug prevention and treatment programs continue. … Our bipartisan bill would give DEA the ability to factor in abuse and overdose data when deciding the quantity of drugs to allow onto the market. This policy would ensure legitimate access to pain meds while cracking down on abuse. One driver of the opioid epidemic is the refusal of distributors and manufacturers to report suspicious orders by pharmacies. Our bill would provide the DEA with new tools to enforce reporting of suspicious opioid orders. The drug overdose epidemic is a national crisis. 64,000 Americans were killed by drug overdoses in 2016—more than during the entire Vietnam War. The Judiciary Committee recently passed five bills to address this epidemic. Learn more: … The wage gap for women only gets worse for moms of color. It’s outrageous that in 2018 having a child and being a woman of color impacts your pay. It’s time to close the #WageGap once and for all, #MomsEqualPay now!pic.twitter.com/AGUOlu3lm6 Mothers have to work from January 2017 until May 30, 2018 to be paid what fathers were paid in 2017 alone—nearly half a year more. 71 cents for every dollar dads are paid is terrible. #MomsEqualPay The wage gap increases for women when they have children. In contrast, men earn more when they have children.  We can’t let tired, old stereotypes about family responsibilities hold women back. #MomsEqualPaypic.twitter.com/a6pLyM3lAI This #MemorialDay while you enjoy the day with friends and family I hope everyone can take a moment to thank all servicemen and women who paid the ultimate price in the name of our freedoms.pic.twitter.com/6PJPpEwdKq Today we remember those brave men and women who gave their lives in the name of our country. Every one of us today owes them a debt we can never repay.pic.twitter.com/IwtsdqgYeW I’m proud to be a cosponsor of the PAST act. Soring, the infliction of pain on the legs and hooves of horses to create an exaggerated, artificial show gait, is a cruel and inhumane practice. I’m hopeful this bill will close the remaining loopholes to end this once and for all. Fuel economy standards are required to be as strong as the technology will allow. I helped write that law. That’s why new cars are on target to get more than 50 miles to the gallon in 2025. The American people deserve nothing less. DOT and EPA owe it to the American people to work with California and save the fuel economy standards. I’ve told them that. The auto industry has told them that. The president has told them that. What are they waiting for? President Trump and Vice President Pence last week launched one of their most extreme, and harmful attacks on women’s reproductive health. We won't stand for it. #NoGagRule #TitleX Women in California and across the country rely on #TitleX for basic health care. Planned Parenthood alone represents 31% of Title X clinics in California and 69% of patients. President Trump’s need for a political win is jeopardizing women’s health. When you’re filling up at the pump this weekend, remember that the fuel economy standards are important. New cars could get more than 50 mpg by 2025, but Pres. Trump is thinking about freezing average gas mileage in place instead. That’s not going to cut it for California. My thoughts are with the students and families affected by the shooting at Noblesville West Middle School. It’s alarming our gun violence epidemic has spread to middle schools. We owe it to the young people of this country to put an end to gun violence and make them safe again. In California in 2015, 353 family planning clinics received #TitleX funding. They provided care to more than 1 million women. President Trump's decision to block trusted clinics from the program is a blatant attack on women’s health and freedom. Mare Island Naval Cemetery serves as the final resting place for 800 of our country’s heroes. Sadly, its current state isn’t a worthy tribute to those buried there. Our bill makes sure that the cemetery will fall under the V.A., ensuring it will be maintained for generation. … I’m elated that Senator Murkowski and I were able to include funding to reinstate USDA’s Annual Floriculture Report in committee. This report is essential to America’s flower farmers, especially growers in California! … The intentional separation of children from their parents is absolutely horrific. The United States must not be a country that terrorizes children to punish their parents. … Another constituent breakfast in the books! It was a genuine pleasure to hear from some of California’s organic farmers about the challenges they face today. And thank you @Pepperdine for stopping by on your annual trip to Washington, it’s always a delight to see you.pic.twitter.com/dbPIQg51GG Despite the spin efforts by @CadizWater, a recent peer-reviewed scientific study adds to the body of evidence that Bonanza Spring is fed by the very aquifer that Cadiz plans to pump from. Desert flowers, tortoises and Joshua trees are all dependent on that spring for life. The Dept. of the Interior, USGS and now a former water district manager all agree: @CadizWater plans to pump an unsustainable amount of water from a vital Mojave Desert aquifer. This company’s unsurpassed greed threatens to destroy a delicate ecosystem. True commitment to tortoise preservation would be abandoning efforts to drain an aquifer vital to desert tortoises living in the 1.6 million-acre Mojave National Preserve. … President Trump and Speaker Ryan touted @HarleyDavidson while selling the #GOPTaxPlan. But now the company is enriching its shareholders instead of protecting American jobs. Pres. Trump’s withdrawal from the nuclear summit with North Korea is unsurprising. This president has shown a preference for bluster and showmanship over hard-nosed diplomacy. This is the unfortunate outcome of an insufficiently planned summit.pic.twitter.com/MjAgp8dYuX It was wonderful seeing the current 8th grade class from my alma mater, @SacredHeartSF, on their trip to Washington. I still believe my time at Sacred Heart prepared me to pursue my goals with confidence and I think back on my time there fondly. See you next year girls!pic.twitter.com/sj2lwTE5kL It’s unconscionable that this administration would question the eligibility of LGBT persons to claim asylum. 72 countries effectively outlaw same-sex relations and many lack adequate protections against violence. These people should be offered protection, not more discrimination. A decade ago, the U.S. economy was on the brink of collapse. Banks were teetering. Unemployment was skyrocketing. Millions of jobs were lost. Trillions of dollars in savings evaporated. That’s the context Dodd-Frank was passed in & I find it unthinkable Congress has weakened it. It’s extraordinary that Congress would roll back regulations passed under Dodd-Frank designed to prevent another financial crisis. 10 years after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and we’ve already forgotten the lessons of 2008. These majestic creatures can spend more than 90% of their lives underground, so consider yourself lucky if you spot one wandering around @JoshuaTreeNP or @MojavePres! … Happy #WorldTurtleDay! California’s Desert Tortoise can live for 50 to 100 yrs, probably thanks to its relaxed lifestyle – it moves at the thrilling speed of 0.2 MPH! … President Trump is attacking women’s health for cheap political points. Make no mistake, this is about denying women access to basic health information. #NoGagRule A new low for this administration—a rule banning women’s health providers who receive family-planning funding from even discussing abortion services. Women should never be denied access to the doctors they know and trust. #NoGagRule If you are a #DACA recipient visit   and find all of the resources you need to know about your renewal process. #HereToStay All #DACA recipients should check to see whether they are eligible to renew their status. Visit   for help navigating the process. #HereToStay Find out if you can renew your #DACA TODAY!   has a list of resources to help Dreamers figure out if they qualify to renew. #HereToStay This administration’s lack of compassion could not be more clear: separating immigrant mothers from their children, detaining pregnant women and curbing the ability of women fleeing domestic violence to receive asylum. We should all be troubled by these actions. This bill would also not have been possible without the help of Rules Committee Members @SenFeinstein @SenCortezMasto @SenCapito @SenatorFischer whose dedication to this issue was critical to getting it done. –AK I stand with the my colleagues in demanding Pres. Trump respect the rights of vulnerable immigrants making their way to the U.S. Stop separating families. Stop detaining pregnant women. Treat immigrants and asylum seekers with dignity and empathy. We must live up to our values. It’s cruel and inhumane for President Trump’s administration to separate young children from their mothers. To separate families to deter immigrants, many of whom are fleeing terrible violence, flies in the face of everything America stands for. Special Counsel Mueller must be allowed to follow the facts and the law wherever they lead without interference or delay. Rod Rosenstein must protect the Special Counsel investigation as he promised Congress. Independent investigations are essential to the proper functioning of a democracy. Fidelity to the rule of law is the bedrock of our democracy. Republicans have shown a willingness to disclose sensitive information, distort facts and undermine Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. The independence of law enforcement shouldn’t be sacrificed for political gain. 