I believe Dr. Christine Blasey Ford.  She’s not asking for extraordinary measures; she’s asking for basic fairness.  I hope that every woman in America is paying close attention to what is happening in the U.S. Senate right now.pic.twitter.com/0CtqpAAvBf In the face of the hate that comes from the highest places of power in Washington, we must never stop speaking out for fairness, for justice and for what’s right. Not now. Not ever. I believe the women.pic.twitter.com/su6dg15SwB In everything we do, we must remember: Our girls and boys are watching. What kind of message do we send by putting a man’s promotion before a woman’s trauma? My colleagues in the Senate need to step up and do the right thing. … Here’s what @realDonaldTrump made clear, yet again, at his press conference: He doesn’t believe women. He disbelieves them automatically, as a matter of course, and the Republican Party is standing behind him. At the end of the day, Judge Kavanaugh is interviewing for a job. And in job interviews, character counts. Past actions matter. We need another nominee. When Dr. Blasey Ford testifies, I'll be there. I'll have her back, and so will millions of women all across this country. America's women are listening, we're paying attention, and we believe her.pic.twitter.com/34NwVpI4cp From @aminatou who bravely told her story: "The truth is our strength. We are each other’s strengths. To the women who are struggling: I see you. I am sorry we have to through this. Thank you for trusting us with your stories. I am heartened by them & honored to know about you." Women who are tired of seeing the same outcomes over and over again, where men are believed and women are not.  They can't believe their eyes when they see women being treated with less respect than Anita Hill. These last two weeks have been painful for women across this country.   Women who have lived through their own trauma.   Women who are tired of being treated as inconsequential or as an inconvenience. So proud to call @aminatou a friend — and so, I see, is @SenGillibrand, who quotes her moving tweets around 8:30 in this stirring speech. Worth your time: … This process is sending the worst message possible to girls and boys. When will Republicans stop this charade and value women? Do the right thing, end this nomination. One claim should have been enough for an investigation. Two was an embarrassment to ignore. Three is an absolute disgrace. If we allow women's experiences of sexual trauma to be second to a man’s promotion, it will bring shame on this body and on the Supreme Court. I’m so thankful for and proud of my Senator. She listens to us. She fights for and makes room for us. @SenGillibrand your support means the world to so many of us … My Republican colleagues on the Judiciary Committee need to do their jobs. From the beginning, they’ve treated this not like a confirmation, but an inconvenience.pic.twitter.com/pqUeFEbmB8 Now is the time for our country to come together and show that we value women. That we stand with women. That we will do what it takes to secure equality for women. Senate Republicans aren't even pretending to consider Dr. Ford's testimony. Rushing a vote sends a clear signal: They don't value survivors. They don't believe women. … If recent news around sexual violence has been difficult for you or a loved one to hear about, take a look at these resources and please, take care of yourself and your loved ones: … What does the President of the United States do after being laughed at on the world stage at #UNGA? Disgracefully attacks women, once again. Women will not be silenced. Get registered, make a plan to vote and make your voices heard. … Yes. … We have the power to demand accountability, change and progress in November, but it’s going to take every one of us getting out to vote on Election Day. So if you aren’t registered yet, use this link to register today:  … #NationalVoterRegistrationDay A Fox News interview is not the same as an FBI interview.  If Brett Kavanaugh really wants a “fair process,” we need the FBI to conduct a full investigation to establish the facts, including interviews with corroborating witnesses.pic.twitter.com/k0GXgdX6aA #BelieveSurvivorspic.twitter.com/Q32B20YxHY The Senate must step up to protect the Special Counsel immediately. We must pass the bipartisan bill to protect the Mueller investigation. The American people deserve answers about Russian interference in our democracy. The Senate should not be complicit in supporting a candidate with such serious and credible allegations of sexual misconduct. Enough is enough. One credible sexual assault claim should have been too many to get a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court and make decisions that will affect millions of women’s lives for generations. Two is an embarrassment. It’s time for a new nominee. Senate Republicans were trying to rush a vote while they knew Deborah Ramirez would come forward with her story. They deny Dr. Ford an FBI investigation, won’t subpoena corroborating witnesses, and now, this. It’s an embarrassment. They have absolutely no interest in the truth. .@HeidiHeitkamp’s Republican opponent, Kevin Cramer, casually dismissed the sexual assault allegation against Kavanaugh. Cramer has no place in the Senate. Help keep him out by rushing a donation to Heidi’s campaign:  … #StopKavanaugh Sharing concerns over the possibility of Kavanaugh joining the Supreme Court, I ensured @SenGillibrand that I will fight to pass the Reproductive Health Act and finally codify Roe v. Wade in New York.pic.twitter.com/mYJMJlNQ64 Happening now! @SenGillibrand hosting a town hall @LaGuardiaCC Thank you Senator for your advocacy and support in community colleges and our studentspic.twitter.com/EEfFW5bbeP – bei LaGuardia Performing Arts Center What is the White House trying to hide? … When we stand up and raise our voices in unison, we are an unstoppable force. So let’s be loud, let’s be fearless, and, together, let’s keep fighting for progress. The current administration is fueling fear and hatred of immigrants. This is a nation of immigrants, and we cannot forget who we are or stay silent on our beliefs. That means speaking out against hate – for as long as others try to spread it.pic.twitter.com/fYydCOZKfM Heidi’s down by more than 1 point in the polls, so I’m asking you to rush $5 to her campaign to help shut Kevin Cramer out of this race for Senate control and send a message that anyone who supports sexual assault will have no place in our nation’s Senate: … We can’t let someone like Kevin Cramer, who casually dismisses sexual assault, into the Senate. And we can’t lose Heidi’s voice and vote as a woman. But their race in North Dakota will decide Senate control in November, and right now it’s the closest Senate race in the country. .@HeidiHeitkamp’s opponent, Kevin Cramer, just supported Judge Kavanaugh by saying it's unreasonable to require "a perfect record." To be clear, the "perfect record" we’re asking for from a Supreme Court justice is that they've never assaulted a woman. Take time today to read the stories people are sharing using #WhyIDidntReport. This is why we have to change the toxic culture around harassment and assault.  To every survivor out there: I see you. You deserved better, and we will keep fighting for justice. This is appalling. The Trump administration’s incompetence has left these kids vulnerable to human trafficking and abuse. This administration must take immediate responsibility for the care of these children and ensure the safety of every last one of them. … With just a few more weekends before Nov. 6, I can’t think of a better way to spend a Saturday or Sunday afternoon than knocking on doors, making phone calls to voters and helping elect progressive candidates running up and down the ballot. I hope you’ll be out there with me! Stop demanding that she show up before she is able to. And stop with this ridiculous and non-serious offer of outside counsel. If you can’t do your jobs and ask your own questions to her face, get off the committee. Senate Republicans can’t summon the decency to treat Dr. Ford with the respect that she deserves. Stop the bullying tactics and take yes for an answer. Call Mark Judge and other witnesses to get the facts instead of putting her on trial. If you want to see what it looks like to get off the sidelines and fight for what you believe in, look no further than @AmyMcGrathKY. She’s built a grassroots movement fueled by the people of #KY06. Can you give $5 to make sure Amy wins?  … … Congrats to @SRachelMay on her win in the Democratic primary for NY's 53rd State Senate District. I know she'll be a champion for working families in Central NY & a great partner in the fight to end the influence of dark money in politics. We need her voice in the State Senate. Why GOP won't simply respect the wishes of a survivor coming forward is mind boggling. This "offer" is disrespectful to Dr. Ford; it goes against SJC norms. No outside counsel and the nominee testifies first. She is not a suspect. She should not be interrogated. #StopKavanaugh … I'm campaigning today for @BenJealous. He’s running for governor in Maryland to fight for our progressive values – like #MedicareForAll and access to good education. We need more people like Ben in office, so will you give $5 now to help him get there? … Senate Judiciary Republicans should denounce this vile attack immediately, or be culpable in the smearing of a citizen, a sexual assault survivor, by the president. We know who he is, and we know what we have to do. Dr. Ford does not have to fight this alone. Because this is unacceptable. This is the same man who protected a domestic abuser on his staff and campaigned for a credibly accused pedophile. The same man who refuses to allow the FBI to investigate the allegation. The most powerful man in the world just used his position and platform to attack a sexual assault survivor. This is the same man who has been credibly accused of more than a dozen cases of sexual assault or harassment — who has bragged about committing sexual assault on tape! We need more women in public life. We need women leading businesses small and large. We need women developing the technologies that will change our lives. We’re all better off when women’s voices are heard. The fundamental questions we must answer right now:   Do we value women?  Do we believe women?  Do we give them the opportunity to tell their story? To be heard?  Will we ensure they get the justice they deserve?   We must fight to be a country that answers, “Yes,” every time. We can’t let President Trump force this into the shadows along with the other countless failures of his administration. We need to continue to shed light on this issue until we can deliver the accountability and justice Puerto Rico deserves. Congress must right this terrible wrong. I’m calling for an official investigation into why our fellow Americans were left without the support they needed. And I’m cosponsoring a debt-relief bill to ease the financial burden so they can recover and move forward. One year later, families are still homeless, living under blue tarps or without power. Meanwhile, President Trump is denying the death toll of nearly 3,000 Americans and claiming his administration did a “fantastic job” of sending support to Puerto Rico. Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico one year ago, but the islands are still grappling with the devastation. President Trump and his administration have shown nothing but disrespect and neglect for our fellow citizens who continue to cope with the tragedy today. Today, @SenGillibrand and I accepted a letter signed by over 1,000 alumnae of @HoltonArms in support of and in solidarity with Dr. Christine Blasey Ford. I will enter it into the Committee record to show that we are standing together because we #BelieveWomen.pic.twitter.com/P11sLAqoDY “What does Brett Kavanaugh have to hide? What does the White House have to hide?   Why don’t they want the facts?”  @SenGillibrand #KavaNAW For the sake of a fake timeline, Republicans are railroading Dr. Ford into a sham hearing meant to smear her character and dismiss her allegations.   This isn’t just about one incident. It’s about whether we'll send women who have experienced sexual trauma back into the shadows. Equal pay shouldn’t be about party or politics. It’s about doing the right thing and putting a stop to discrimination. If your representatives aren’t part of this fight yet, call them now and demand they take action. You can see where they stand here: … Puerto Rico is still grappling with the devastation from Hurricane Maria a year after it made landfall there. We failed to get them the proper support once already. I’m cosponsoring a debt-relief bill to ease the financial burden of recovery and get them that support now. From our places of worship to children’s books, we see the same fundamental truth: When we help our neighbor, we’re better off. We’re always stronger when we lift one another up. Denying Dr. Ford an FBI investigation is silencing her. Forcing her into a sham hearing is silencing her. And pushing through Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation is silencing her. … What Republicans are doing to Dr. Ford is shameful. By refusing to treat her allegations properly and by playing games to protect Kavanaugh’s nomination, they're telling women across the country that they're not to be believed.   That they are worth less than a man’s promotion. We can’t fail Dr. Ford the same way – but she hasn’t even been granted the FBI investigation Anita Hill received. We can’t change our country’s culture of sexual harassment and assault if we don’t change our treatment of survivors. A country that values women wouldn’t allow this. In 1991, Anita Hill stepped forward to tell disturbing stories of sexual harassment by Justice Clarence Thomas. The Senate failed her. They failed to take her testimony seriously. They failed to give her the respect she deserved. At its best, America’s a land of hope and opportunity. The Trump administration may slow and even undo progress, but when we stand together, we will endure. We’re in a fight for the soul of this country, and fight we will. It all comes down to this question: Do we value women?  Dr. Christine Blasey Ford deserves to tell her story. She deserves respect and a full investigation. … Dr. Ford’s request for an FBI investigation must be honored. With attempts to smear her credible assault allegations, she shouldn’t be subjected to sham judgment by an all-male panel of GOP senators not interested in the truth. She deserves a nonpartisan review of the facts. The latest Supreme Court decision that big-dollar donors to campaign ads must now be disclosed is a huge victory in the fight against dark money that has corrupted our politics. Now we must keep fighting for more transparency and accountability in our elections. … To all observing Yom Kippur in New York and around the world, sending my best wishes for an easy and meaningful fast. Black mothers die from pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications at up to 4 times the rate of white mothers because of systemic inequality. It stops now. The MOMS Act would provide hospitals with the tools to save women’s lives. Congress must pass it. #MoreForMOMS “We must never stop fighting for our fellow Americans living in Puerto Rico. We need a federal Marshall Plan to rebuild Puerto Rico. Anything less would be a dereliction of Congress’s duty.”  Thank you for standing with @Pwr4PuertoRico, @SenGillibrand. #BoricuasRememberpic.twitter.com/H3qJnOu4EM Kirsten Gillibrand said Congress should pass bipartisan "Marshall Plan" legislation for Puerto Rico, to restructure the U.S. territory after Hurricane Maria.  The senator also expressed condolences for Americans suffering from Hurricane Florence in the Carolinaspic.twitter.com/lfLSg5ywVK The Senate Judiciary Committee didn’t listen to her 27 years ago. They should listen to her now. … All my thoughts are with those who lost loved ones in Hurricane Florence, and those who continue to grapple with the destruction it’s brought. The support of this country is behind you, and we’ll walk alongside you on the long road to recovery. In moments of crisis, it is our duty to come together as a country to provide support for those who need it. Please send whatever you can to the nonprofits providing critical emergency relief to those affected by Hurricane Florence: … “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free …”  Our country was founded as a place of hope & refuge. @realDonaldTrump can try to change that, but he won’t win. We must keep fighting to make sure America’s doors stay open to those who need asylum. … QUEENS! This Sunday, @SenGillibrand is holding a town hall at LaGuardia Community College:  …  Every single Senator should hold an open meeting to hear from their constituents before voting on a lifetime SCOTUS appointment. Not from NY? Let yours know today.pic.twitter.com/gb2RRytQGa Mothers are already dying at unacceptable rates due to the lack of health care available to women in America. We don’t need to add unsafe abortion practices to the mix. We need to make sure women get the care they need and deserve. That means protecting safe and legal abortion. Professor Blasey Ford showed immense courage and bravery by coming forward to tell her story.  I believe her and will stand by her. We must all come together to support her. When teachers are underpaid and our classrooms are lacking essential materials, our students suffer. Creating a better future for our children starts with paying teachers fairly. It’s called protecting confidentiality. The Senate Judiciary GOP should be concerned about the serious allegations, not the timing. Do better. Delay the vote. … Professor Ford showed great courage in coming forward. She should be supported and must not be attacked and smeared. Her voice matters. Shame on the Senate if they don’t take this seriously, especially before moving forward on a lifetime appointment. Rather than outright dismissing this very serious allegation, or releasing a premeditated defense of the allegation via a letter from former classmates, Republicans should postpone the rush to vote on Kavanaugh this week and investigate these allegations in a bipartisan manner. This should disturb every member of the U.S. Senate. … In the past year, there’s been a transformation.   The Democratic Party is starting to truly reflect the American people, as record numbers of women and people of color run for office.   Our next transformation? Congress.   Winning on Election Day is how we do it. If women made up 51% of Congress, there’s no doubt that every woman would be earning equal pay to the men in their same position. What are you doing before Nov. 6 to help elect leaders who will make that a reality? Maple isn’t usually so camera-shy. (Also pictured: my handsome boys!)pic.twitter.com/QoYM9BJaUK We’re in the final push to this critical midterm election – our chance to hold President Trump accountable at the ballot box. With so much at stake, I need you fighting with me more than ever. Text FIGHT to 97779 now to join my team and get the latest updates from the campaign!pic.twitter.com/G66BvKaEG1 The road to recovery from Hurricane Florence is going to require support from everyone who can give it. Please send anything you’re able to spare to the nonprofits conducting emergency-relief efforts for those affected by this storm: … I shouldn’t have to say this, but every American should be able to get the medical care they need. It’s time to establish Medicare for All and build a system of health care in this country that values people over the profits of insurance companies. As we begin National Hispanic Heritage Month, let’s celebrate the history and culture of Hispanic Americans and their countless contributions. Let’s honor these communities by ensuring they always have the support, respect and recognition they deserve. When this country shows it values women by passing equal pay for equal work, affordable child care policies and paid family and medical leave, we’ll send our economy into overdrive. Women are the untapped potential in our country’s workforce. We’re strongest when we stand united in the struggle for equality and justice. No matter what we look like or where we come from, an injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us. We must keep lifting each other up. America is supposed to be a promise of opportunity to dreamers, refuge for asylum seekers and a proclamation that out of many, we rise as one. Our country thrives because of its diversity. It always has and always will. We still have 51 days to make an impact before Nov. 6. Have you made a plan to get involved yet?pic.twitter.com/3oageIck5O History is written by the winners. And we know how we want the 2018 elections to be remembered: as the time when record numbers of women and people of color got off the sidelines to run and organize for a Congress as diverse as the American people. I had such a great time last night at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala with @NydiaVelazquez. There is no better champion for New York — and the people of Puerto Rico — than Nydia!pic.twitter.com/dCRfvqb9ZW A slew of exciting victories in New York! Big congrats to @Biaggi4NY, @zellnor4ny, @jessicaramos, and @RJackson_NYC. I cannot wait to see what you all accomplish in Albany. Congratulations, @TishJames, on your historic victory in the Democratic primary for New York Attorney General! … The polls just closed here in New York, and I’m grateful for each and every one of you who made your voice heard at the ballot box today. By voting in November, we can own the future. Thank you for showing the power of our democracy at work. I’m thinking of all those affected by Hurricane Florence today as it makes landfall. Please, everyone, stay safe. President Trump’s cruelty toward immigrant children has to stop, and it has to stop now. Bigger “tent cities” to keep them detained is NOT the answer. We need to allow people to seek asylum. And, we need to finally pass comprehensive immigration reform. … New Yorkers: Polls are open right now until 9pm, please remember to get out there and vote! There’s still time to support my friend @KathyHochul. To take back the Senate this year and hold President Trump accountable, we have to elect @kyrstensinema. But right-wing super PACs are spending millions to defeat her, so will you give $3 to help Kyrsten hit her end-of-quarter deadline and flip AZ blue? … Nearly 3,000 American lives were lost because of the administration's incompetent response to Hurricane Maria.  @realDonaldTrump wanted the trappings of the presidency without the responsibility.  We need a 9/11-style independent commission to investigate the failed response. We can’t underestimate the potential damage of Hurricane Florence and get caught unprepared. If you live in the path of the storm, evacuate if it’s been ordered. Make sure you have food, water and other supplies you need. Please, take the necessary precautions to stay safe. It’s primary day, New York! Every opportunity we have to raise our voice at the ballot box is crucial. Don’t miss your chance to get out and VOTE today! My thoughts are with everyone in the Carolinas and Virginia as Hurricane Florence approaches the Southeast Coast. This could be one of the most catastrophic storms to ever hit this region, so please take the necessary precautions and time to prepare. To my fellow New Yorkers, don’t forget that we have a primary tomorrow. With so many candidates fighting for change, make sure you get out to the polls to voice your support! Check out this link to make a plan to vote: … Congratulations @DrLeanaWen on your new role as president of @PPFA! Looking forward to fighting with you to expand access to health care for women and families across the country. … We’re on the verge of a historic election of women. We’re responding to a president who doesn’t value us. We’ve been building up to this since women dedicated a Saturday to march. And those same women are now helping elect other women or running for office. Change is coming. Nearly three thousand Americans lost their lives. … #NeverForget means honoring the lives we lost and supporting the first responders who continue to suffer health impacts from their service on 9/11 and the months that followed. Congress must extend the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund.pic.twitter.com/9fQ1Ew9JZc Evidence of global climate change is all around us — and this country should take every possible opportunity to lead on combatting it. Instead, the Trump administration wants to make it easier for energy companies to pollute our air with greenhouse gases. It’s sickening. … Our job is not done. As we near the expiration of the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund in 2020, we must work together to renew this essential program without delay. We have a moral obligation to continue to stand by every single one of these heroes. That’s why I put everything I had into working with New York’s first responders to pass the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act, which ensures they have the support and the care they need and deserve. 17 years later, the death toll continues to rise. The devastating fact is more NYPD officers have lost their lives since 9/11 because of the toxins they inhaled at Ground Zero than died on the day of the attacks. FDNY keeps losing more of our finest. When the towers fell, the men and women of the NYPD, FDNY, EMS, PAPD, federal and state law enforcement officials, and other first responders didn’t think twice before rushing toward Ground Zero to save the lives of everyone they could. Today, we remember those we lost from the Sept. 11 attacks. We honor the unparalleled bravery and heroism of the first responders who demonstrated the unbreakable strength of our country. So much of what’s gone wrong in this country is a result of the corrosive influence of money in politics. We need to get rid of it. Corporate and special-interest money is standing in the way of a more just, more equal future. A lovely visit to the @JUST Water factory in Glens Falls, NY. It was great to learn about their work & mission. They source straight from the Glens Falls watershed & use paper & plant-based packaging. Amazing to see a business like this thrive in upstate NY. Thanks for having me!pic.twitter.com/CcnPkd4aTz On World Suicide Prevention Day, I want each of you to know you’re not alone. Today and every day, we must support one another and keep working toward better mental health services in our country. If you or a loved one needs assistance, there is 24/7 support at 1-800-273-8255. What would it take to build a high wage America? Join EPI and @TCFdotorg on September 13 for a summit focused on how to raise wages for American workers. Featured speakers include @SenGillibrand and @JoeBiden.  We’re in a period of economic growth, but too many families are being left behind while wealth flows to the richest Americans. We need new ideas – and new leadership that will fight to create equal opportunity for everyone. This back-to-school season, my thoughts are with the teachers. Those who reach into their own pockets to make their classrooms home. Those who love students like family. Let’s speak up for them the way they speak up for our kids’ futures – let’s demand better pay for teachers. Access to a safe, legal abortion is a basic right, and it’s time for our leaders to treat it that way. But until they do, we have to give this fight everything we’ve got. What an inspiring room of women today @the_wing! Glad to join the Black Women’s Congressional Alliance in saluting the women chiefs of staff and kicking off this year’s CBC and CHC weeks. Special thanks to my former staffer @RhonnieF for bringing this group of women together.pic.twitter.com/peW7HDSWUv We’ve got a long way to go before we right the wrongs of America’s failed war on drugs, which has allowed the legal discrimination of communities of color for too long. But I’m co-sponsoring the Marijuana Justice Act because it’s a great start. Let’s fight for what’s right.pic.twitter.com/nPxtQLyqi7 But her opponent has over $1 million more in his campaign war chest. We need to step up and make sure she has the resources she needs to win and keep her right-wing opponent out of office. Will you send $5 right now to help Michelle turn New Mexico blue? … Michelle’s running against a Tea Party extremist with President Trump’s “full support,” an A rating from the NRA and a 0% rating from Planned Parenthood. We need to make sure Michelle wins this November. With only two Democratic women governors in the country right now, we have to do everything we can to add @Michelle4NM to the ranks. She’ll be a strong voice in the fight for our rights in a crucial state that we have a real shot at flipping blue. … Kavanaugh is a danger to everything we value:  Women’s reproductive rights. Quality, affordable health care. Rights for people of color and LGBTQ Americans. Environmental protections.  We must give our all in the fight to #StopKavanaugh and protect what we believe in. With every door you knock, every call you make, every dollar you give to a candidate you believe in, you’re bringing about change. You’re transforming this country. Don’t let up. Donate to help organizations in Puerto Rico find the relief the Trump administration failed to deliver: … .@realDonaldTrump claims his administration did a “fantastic job” responding to Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. This is coming from the man who threw paper towels at our fellow Americans facing tragedy. The result of the administration’s inaction? A death toll of nearly 3,000.pic.twitter.com/UMsIZ2qj7N Every seat we flip in the midterms is one more check on this administration and one more voice to protect the future of the Supreme Court. Can you give now to make sure the Democratic challengers running to take back the Senate have what they need to win? … There’s no debate. The facts are clear: Access to safe and legal abortion saves women’s lives. We must stand up to protect that access – without it, women are forced to resort to dangerous alternatives. Grateful to have President Obama’s support for Medicare-for-all. Thanks, as always, Obama. … The fight to #StopKavanaugh isn’t over until the Senate votes. We must all come together right now to find the heart and courage to keep going, keep fighting and not let up. What a week. Scrolling through pics and love this one with @SenGillibrand at our vigil. She is always there, always fighting, always supporting women. #stopkavanaughpic.twitter.com/JCPSqiunMO President Trump’s cruelty toward immigrants has no end: His administration’s scare tactics are now keeping families from getting the food and infant formula their children need. We can’t let this administration continue putting children’s lives at risk. … .@SenGillibrand represents the people of NY with integrity and a strong commitment to public service. She understands the issues we are facing in #NY19, from supporting our farmers to creating jobs and improving public education. I am proud to have her endorsement.pic.twitter.com/qRnWyC8GYJ An early Shana Tova to everyone celebrating the Jewish new year this weekend. We hope you all have a wonderful and sweet celebration with family, friends and loved ones, and best wishes for the year ahead! Here’s our to-do list for the fall:  Flip the House. Flip the Senate. Restore transparency and accountability in government. We’re fighting like our most basic rights are at stake – the rights to an abortion and to have control over our own bodies. We’re fighting like our lives are on the line. Because they are. Let’s get this job done. Let’s #StopKavanaugh. Now is not the time to remain silent.  Now is the time to speak truth to power as loudly and as frequently as we can.  We need to organize, to advocate, to vote for our future – for our children’s future – because if we don’t, we’ll lose everything. That's why I started @getots: to help more women run for office and get the support they need to win. Now, it’s time to be that support. I’d love to know how you’re helping a candidate you believe in! Will you take a minute to reply to tell me how you’re getting involved?pic.twitter.com/f45J0F7Bmh But we can do it, because each of us has the power to make an impact. There are no small actions on a campaign. Everything makes a difference. No matter what you do or how you help, just get involved in any way you can and never doubt that your voice makes a difference. We have just two months until Election Day. That means you still have two months to get involved at a time when we can’t waste a single second. Electing progressive voices across the country is going to take hard work from every single one of us. No. That's not how these things work. … They separated immigrant families with no plan to reunite them. They inflicted endless trauma, and there are still hundreds of children separated from their families. Now, they’re trying to detain these children even longer.  This is not what America is. We must speak out. … Thank you, @maziehirono. … .@CoryBooker, I am so proud of you for showing leadership in this moment. The American people deserve transparency and the truth. … It couldn't be clearer. The records prove it. Kavanaugh is a dangerous nominee and he is dangerous for women.   We cannot, we must not, stay silent. … .@TedraCobb is a passionate advocate with a deep calling to public service. She has a history of choosing problem-solving over partisanship, and I know that she will be the type of leader that the North Country deserves in Congress. I am so proud to support her campaign in #NY21. Kavanaugh dodged questions about women’s basic rights in yesterday’s hearing, and it’s no surprise. President Trump promised to nominate someone who would overturn Roe v. Wade. If we’re going to protect a woman’s right to choose, we have to #StopKavanaugh. I’m so proud of this bipartisan effort to empower American workers and shrink economic inequality by helping employees grow their wealth: … The quality of education students receive should never depend on their ZIP code. But here in New York and across the country, school segregation perpetuates inequality and injustice. Every student deserves a chance to succeed. Here's what I remind myself and my team every day: If we're not here to help people, we should go home. More and more 9/11 responders are developing cancers every day, and the compensation program we fought so hard to pass twice needs to be re-upped again. We must ensure that we never forget and take care of our brave 9/11 responders. … Last year, Judge Kavanaugh dissented on a case that granted a teenage immigrant access to an abortion. He repeatedly called it an “abortion on demand” – a staple of anti-choice rhetoric. If we’re going to protect a woman’s right to choose, we have to #StopKavanaugh. Today Kavanaugh refused to answer whether he would protect health care coverage for those with pre-existing conditions – and it speaks volumes. Millions of Americans who depend on this coverage are also depending on us to #StopKavanaugh. We can’t let them down. Here’s what Judge Kavanaugh told the Senate about his views on if a sitting president can be subpoenaed: nothing. We can’t confirm a nominee who refuses to answer even one question about a president’s legal accountability while ours currently undergoes federal investigation. With so much being thrown at us, it’s easy to get discouraged. But these are the times when we must lean on each other and find the strength to keep fighting. It’s more important than ever to keep pushing forward. Together, we can, and together, we will #StopKavanaugh. Today, oral arguments started for a case before a federal court in TX to get rid of the ACA. Meanwhile, Kavanaugh refused to promise to uphold coverage for preexisting conditions. We need to continue fighting for health care to be the right of all, not the privilege of a few. Sen. Sasse said protesters have been screaming for decades that “women are going to die.” When you criminalize abortion and limit our reproductive health care, women die. It’s not “hysteria”: We’re in a fight for our lives. Sexist attacks won’t stop us. The president who nominated Judge Kavanaugh is an unindicted co-conspirator in federal crimes. Kavanaugh owes the American people an answer to the question. … Kavanaugh refuses multiple times to say if the president has the authority to pardon himself, calling it a hypothetical question he hasn't thought about. Brett Kavanaugh essentially just admitted that he'd overturn Chevron deference if he gets on the court. This is the biggest reason why big business is so pumped about him and has spent millions to get him confirmed. It would dramatically undermine the administrative state. “Can a sitting president be asked to respond to a proceeding?” @SenFeinstein asks? Kavanaugh refuses to answer citing that this is a hypothetical question. This is ridiculous. #StopKavanagh Congratulations to @AyannaPressley on her incredible primary victory yesterday! She’s showing the country that women of color will be seen and heard at a time when their voices couldn’t be more important. I can’t wait to see her make history in November! We must make our outrage heard. Let your senators know you won’t accept Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court – and that you won’t accept threats to your fundamental rights. Call them to demand that they listen: … #WhatsAtStake with Kavanaugh’s nomination: The future of our health care Reproductive choice The rights of immigrants, LGBTQ Americans and marginalized communities  Speak out now. Don't wait. There’s too much on the line. Families sending kids off for their #FirstDayOfSchool should only face regular worries, like hoping their kids connect with their teachers. They shouldn’t have to fear gun violence. It’s time to renew our fight for reform. We owe it to our kids to never give up or give in. We, the people, are going to fight for this country. We, the people, are going to defend our right to love who we love, our right to make our own reproductive decisions and our vision to be a country where everyone can live up to their full potential. The Trump administration has withheld thousands of pages of Kavanaugh’s records. This confirmation process looks more like a cover-up every day. What is this administration trying to hide from the American people? We deserve answers. Fred Guttenberg and his family have suffered unthinkable pain. Judge Kavanaugh owed him better than turning his back on him. Why are Kavanaugh and the Republicans who are trying to ram his confirmation through the Senate so afraid of the American people? … Republicans have thrown transparency out the window to jam Kavanaugh's confirmation through the Senate.   But here's a fact they can't hide: confirming Kavanaugh means criminalizing abortion and putting countless lives on the line.  That’s not “hysteria." That’s what’s at stake. Thank you @SenGillibrand for standing with us today. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/rtbUA0dyRa “Our lives are at stake.” @SenGillibrand on #WhatAtStake #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/YZDBdHgHuq .@SenGillibrand on Kavanaugh: everyone has a role to play between now and the final vote on Kavanaugh. This is far from over. It's just starting. It's game time and literally every single right and progress we hold dear is on the line. #StopKavanaugh Henry’s first day back to school in 5th grade. Lots of excitement! Theo starts high school next week.pic.twitter.com/VHkUzORXc1 This process has had practically no transparency from the start. What are Republicans and the Trump administration trying to hide? Proud of my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for showing leadership. We need to keep speaking out about the Supreme Court vacancy, because Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination threatens everything we believe in. Call your senators to stop his appointment: (202) 684-2473. I do believe it’s going to take every single person here, and every single person you know, fighting as hard as possible to make sure the vote to confirm Kavanaugh fails. If Kavanaugh is appointed, the future of our health care would be in his hands. This is the moment where you have to look yourself in the mirror and ask, ‘What will I do to make sure this man is not the next justice on the Supreme Court?’ Women are dying at a higher rate from pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications in the U.S. than in any other country in the developed world. The MOMS Act would provide the funding hospitals need to save women’s lives. Congress must pass it. #MoreForMOMS I had so much fun at the @WIADCA Carnival Parade this Labor Day celebrating all that Caribbean culture brings to this country. I’ve always loved events like this – events that celebrate America’s diversity. Because diversity has always been our strength as a nation.pic.twitter.com/boJOHOvIic Let’s honor working families this #LaborDay by committing to fight for the FAMILY Act to create a real system of paid leave, so workers can take time off after having a baby or to care for a loved one. Let's make sure American workers are supported, not exploited. Americans who work hard deserve to prosper, not be exploited. Join me in standing up to defend working Americans and fighting to make our unions strong. Organizing is a crucial part of America’s successes, and we need unions to ensure all workers can thrive. #LaborDay Americans with full-time jobs still struggle to make ends meet. Let’s renew our resolve to pass a $15 minimum wage – because Americans deserve a wage they can live on. It’s this simple: Anyone who works full-time should be able to provide for their families. #LaborDay On #LaborDay, we take time to celebrate American workers. But we also need to acknowledge that our economy doesn’t do enough to reward work. We must keep fighting for the policies Americans deserve: strong unions to protect workers, equal pay for equal work and paid leave. When they tell the story of 2018, it’s going to be this: Women rising up, getting off the sidelines and leading us back to the path of progress. We’ve just got to finish writing it. The Main Street Employee Ownership Act will help workers grow their wealth by empowering our workforce to have ownership of the companies they work for. It’s good for American workers. It’s good for business owners. It’s good for our economy. President Trump thinks he’s above the law. It’s no coincidence his Supreme Court nominee believes sitting presidents shouldn’t be indicted. If we want accountability for a president implicated in federal crimes, we must demand the Senate block Kavanaugh’s appointment. Congress must pass debt relief for Puerto Rico to ease the financial burden of hurricane recovery. We already failed them once when 2,975 Americans lost their lives. This is the first step toward righting the wrongs of President Trump and helping Puerto Rico finally recover. The rate at which women in America die from pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications is unacceptable. Congress must pass the MOMS Act to give women the maternal care they need and the future they deserve. #MoreForMOMS Thank you @SenGillibrand for your leadership and support of our campaign for State Senate.pic.twitter.com/R0aGr6st7c “I am proud to support Zellnor Myrie. We need progressive partners at the state level to fight the Trump Administration. Zellnor will be Brooklyn’s advocate -- from addressing the affordable housing crisis to reforming the criminal justice system.” -  Senator Kirsten Gillibrandpic.twitter.com/CAwu04e0dw We need more fierce advocates like @JessicaRamos leading in New York State. As a public school mom and the daughter of immigrants, she would lend a valuable voice and perspective to our State Senate. I am thrilled to endorse her campaign for #SD13 today. … I am so excited to endorse Alessandra today, and I hope New Yorkers in the Bronx and Westchester will support her campaign and cast their votes for her in the Democratic primary on September 13:  And she’ll use her voice to fight important battles—from improving access to health care and the quality of our public schools, to environmental protection and affordable housing, to the urgent need to guarantee a woman’s right to choose. Alessandra is smart, energetic, and reform-minded. She believes that New York can be a place where everyone can thrive. She’ll put the needs of New Yorkers first, and I know she'll always stand with Democrats in the State Senate to advance the causes we care so deeply about. Alessandra Biaggi (@Biaggi4NY) is not afraid to speak truth to power. She’s using her passion and drive to run an impressive campaign for New York State Senate—and it's clear that she's the fresh leadership that #SD34 desperately needs. … The future of our health care would be in Kavanaugh’s hands if he’s confirmed. That means he could rule to deny lifesaving coverage to you or a loved one because of a preexisting condition. We need to give this fight everything we’ve got to keep that from happening. We need more women calling the shots at every level of government to fight for a more progressive and equal future. It’s time to change who’s at the decision-making table. It’s time for you to pull up a chair.pic.twitter.com/ffv0TkfbZi As my boys get ready for a new school year, I can’t stop thinking about how active-shooter drills are now part of back-to-school rituals, not unlike buying school supplies or going to teacher conferences. It’s a shocking reality that we simply cannot accept or stay silent on. Underfunded maternal care is costing women their lives at unacceptable levels. Black mothers are dying at 3 to 4 times the rate of white mothers. Tell Congress to pass the MOMS Act to stop this crisis. It’s what a country that cares about women would do. #MoreForMOMS Caring for one another is a principle this country was founded on. It’s why we have publicly funded roads and schools. It’s why we provide Social Security for seniors, health care for the vulnerable and food for the hungry. This is what America should strive to be. We should call this country’s war on drugs what it really is: a war on communities of color. It’s time to end this discrimination. We need to pass the Marijuana Justice Act. A few weeks ago, the president said I don’t get anything done in the Senate. The same day, he signed into law my provision to empower American workers and shrink the economic divide by helping employees grow their wealth: … 2,975 people died in the wake of Hurricane Maria. We failed them, and so did the Trump administration’s inaction. There must be a federal investigation into what happened and why our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico were left without the support they needed. Thank you @doccrearperry, @BlkMamasMatter, @acog and @SenGillibrand for authorizing a bill that supports hospitals serving low-income communities and focuses on the reduction of racial and ethnic disparities that drive maternal deaths!   #maternaljustice This is a defining moment in our country’s history. Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination puts our rights at risk like never before. There’s too much at stake to remain silent. Stay strong in the fight to defend what we believe in and keep speaking out. We lose hundreds of women to pregnancy- and childbirth-related complications in the U.S. every year. Our maternal mortality rate is the worst among developed nations. I introduced the MOMS Act because we need to do better. We need to do #MoreForMOMS. We’re feeling the effects of climate change right here, right now. If we don’t take meaningful action, we won’t be giving our children and grandchildren the planet they deserve. All of us share in the responsibility of preserving the environment for future generations. Remember this: November is going to decide what our country looks like. It’s a referendum on a president who actively refuses to represent women, people of color and people of all faiths. Making our voices heard in this election is about making this a country for all of us. We have a lot of work to do to make sure every American can get access to the high-quality, affordable health care they deserve. It’s time to start putting the needs of people and families above insurance companies’ profits. It’s time for Medicare for All. We can’t turn a blind eye to the maternal mortality crisis in our country. I introduced the MOMS Act because we can solve this crisis. We can ensure that hospitals have the funding to implement the best standard of care for mothers in our country. We can do #MoreForMOMS.pic.twitter.com/TzafKu12oR Call your elected officials now to demand they reunite these children with their families. Call every day as many times as you can. Don’t let them push away the thoughts of how scared these children are. These parents don’t have relief, and Congress shouldn’t until they do. 528 migrant children are still separated from their parents, wondering if and when they’ll see their families again. We’ve got to keep fighting for them for as long as they need us, for as long as it takes to get them back into the arms of those who love them. If women held 51% of elected offices, we’d transform this country. Let’s take a step in that direction this November. Support Democratic women who are running by donating, volunteering, making calls and lifting up their voices. We’ll build a powerful check on President Trump. I talked with @FaceTheNation about how excited the @getots team has been to fight alongside the record number of women running for office this year. We know that when these women win, they won’t just change the face of Congress – they’ll change the conversations being had there.pic.twitter.com/KV36Dn2geg When has @BetsyDeVosED ever stood with anyone but the powerful? She sides with for-profit colleges over students, lenders over borrowers and predators over survivors. At every turn, she betrays her responsibility to the students she’s meant to serve. It’s sickening. … My bill, the Main Street Employee Ownership Act, was signed into law, and it's great news for businesses, workers, and our local economies. By investing in employee ownership and letting workers share in the success of companies, our country can truly start to reward work again. … Congrats to @kyrstensinema, @SMurphyCongress and @hiral4congress on their primary victories and on joining the ranks of women who are winning in record numbers across the country this year. That’s three more women we can fight beside all the way through to November! Just one conviction of marijuana possession can tear families apart and take away a lifetime of opportunities related to jobs, education and housing. It’s time to pass the Marijuana Justice Act and end the harm caused by the misguided war on drugs. Puerto Rico just raised its official Hurricane Maria death toll to 2,975 people – 46 times more than last estimated.   These were our fellow citizens and this administration failed them. Congress must do its job to send long-overdue resources. We can’t let this slip into silence. There’s no one braver and stronger than my friend @GabbyGiffords. I’m grateful for her voice and her fight to defend Americans against the threat of gun violence she knows too well. Watch her powerful ad in the district @JenniferWexton is running to win. … On this day in 1963, Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his iconic “I Have a Dream” speech, fueling the civil rights movement in America. His courage and dedication inspire us to keep carrying this movement for equality and justice forward no matter how difficult the road becomes. We can do #MoreForMOMS. We can value and protect the lives of women in this nation. And I hope you’ll stand with me today to make sure your voice is heard on this. Add your name to demand better care for moms: … Funding would be prioritized for hospitals serving low-income communities and rural populations, and would help the medical community better identify and respond to signs of pregnancy complications. We have to do better. That’s why I introduced the Modernizing Obstetric Medicine Standards Act – the MOMS Act – along with @CoryBooker and @KamalaHarris. This bill would provide states and hospitals with funding to implement best practices in maternal care. A country that values women would provide the best care BEFORE, DURING, and AFTER PREGNANCY. It would reject discrimination and bias in medical care. We must end this crisis by ensuring moms who put their lives and their babies’ lives in our care get the treatment they need. High standards of maternal care are lacking broadly – and are particularly missing in hospitals serving women of color. Black women in New York City are 12 times more likely than white women to lose their lives as a result of pregnancy and childbirth. We can’t accept this. Mothers are dying every day – and for each one who dies, another 70 nearly do. 60% of pregnancy-related deaths are from preventable complications like hemorrhage, preeclampsia and sepsis. We're failing women and babies. While other developed nations’ maternal mortality rates drastically decline, ours is on the rise. In fact, we are 1 of just 8 countries in the entire world with increasing rates of maternal mortality. Our nation is in crisis. More women die from complications giving birth in the U.S. than in any other developed country. Black mothers are 3 to 4 times more likely to die than white mothers – a rate not tied to income level or education, but race alone. That’s why I’m introducing the MOMS Act. Thread: We're 1 of only 8 countries in the world with a rising maternal mortality rate. Why? Because this country doesn't value women enough. I introduced the MOMS Act today to save mothers’ lives. Add your name to help pass it:  … #MoreForMOMS Families in Jacksonville will now join countless others in America grappling with the unimaginable heartbreak that follows a mass shooting. Enough is enough. We must raise our voices against any lawmaker who won’t stand up to the NRA. Then, we must vote them out in November. To take back the House and Senate and to hold the Trump administration accountable, we all have to vote. If you live in AZ, FL or OK, you have the chance to do that tomorrow. Make sure you get out and cast your ballot for those who will fight for progress. .@RosenforNevada has the best shot at flipping a red seat blue in a state President Trump lost. But McConnell-linked super PACs are spending millions to defeat her, and polls have her trailing by just one point. Can you give $5 to help Jacky win in NV? … If ours is a country that truly values women, we need to prove it. We need to ensure access to the quality health care mothers deserve. We need reproductive justice for women of color. We need to do #MoreForMOMS. That’s why I’m announcing a solution tomorrow. Stay tuned. While this crisis affects all women, black mothers are three to four times more likely to die from pregnancy complications than white mothers. This is unconscionable. There’s no place for discrimination anywhere, including in health care. … And half of these deaths and injuries could be prevented. It would only take simple changes in the care provided by doctors and hospitals, but they aren’t doing it. … There’s just no excuse for what’s happening. In addition to the hundreds of women who die each year from childbirth, more than 50,000 needlessly suffer devastating, sometimes life-altering complications. … The U.S. should be home to the best medical treatment in the world, yet we’ve become the most dangerous developed country for women giving birth. Moms are dying – about 700 every year – because they’re not getting proper maternal health care. We need to finally end the injustice against unbanked communities in our country. We need to pass the Postal Banking Act to give everyone access to the financial tools they deserve. We need to take this step to combat inequality. Mothers in America are dying from lack of proper pregnancy-related medical care – and rates are three to four times higher for black women. There’s just no excuse. A country that values women would ensure they have the health care they need and deserve. Thank you to everyone who showed up to our town hall in Troy today. We had a great conversation about education, health care, gun reform, relief for Puerto Rico, clean water and more. You shared your questions, your stories and your voices. This is what democracy looks like.pic.twitter.com/wgHwqsMDm4 I started off my town hall tonight with thoughts on my friend John McCain and the victims and loved ones of the violence today in Jacksonville. We’re called to act, and we have to.pic.twitter.com/s1L7PnF5rz We’re still learning details of the senseless tragedy in Jacksonville this afternoon. My heart breaks for the victims and their loved ones. It breaks for our country. We need to pass common sense gun reform. We need to act now to save lives. There’s no doubt that Brett Kavanaugh will overturn Roe v. Wade, attack our most fundamental rights and uphold President Trump’s most dangerous policies. Join @NARAL’s national day of action today to raise your voice with people across the country to #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/QQQH1iLXV1 This #WomensEqualityDay, we continue fighting to defend a woman’s right to choose, secure equal pay and make sure, when decisions are being made, women are at the table. Progress has never come easy, but as long as we stick together, we will win. From fighting for the right to vote to organizing the largest march in American history, women have proven time and again how much we can accomplish when we’re working together. Let’s stop imagining what women could get done if we made up 51% of Congress – and make it happen! We will never forget the unparalleled courage, heart and service of John McCain. My thoughts are with his family as they mourn this great loss, but also as they celebrate his incredible life. It was a privilege to serve beside John in the Senate, and he will be so greatly missed. I want to let you in on one of the best-kept secrets in Troy … #EnjoyTroypic.twitter.com/agDb6NSo1G With the political and personal willpower, we can build an economy that creates opportunities for every American to succeed and thrive. We just have to come together to fight for it. When I travel across New York, I hear over and over that people are struggling to pay for quality medical care. That’s just not right. Health care shouldn’t be the privilege of a few, but a right for all. We need to work toward a system that’s just. We need Medicare for All. I won’t let Kavanaugh overturn Roe v. Wade and undermine every step we’ve taken toward equality in this country. I’ve been fighting his confirmation from day one, and I’m not going to let up. But neither can you. I need you to stay strong, stay determined and keep fighting. Marijuana laws in this country are discriminatory and unjust – and communities of color are paying the price. Congress needs to pass the Marijuana Justice Act to finally address the decades of harm caused by our failed drug policies. It is outrageous to ask women of color bear the burden of every single one of these fights and votes over and over again. Listen to some good tips from @SenGillibrand on being a good ally: - Speak truth to power - Carry these arguments wider - Use white privilege to amplify WOCpic.twitter.com/v3b5jzOgp8 If your strategy to keep a GOP majority in the House is based on misogyny, denying health care to millions and race-baiting, you don’t deserve to govern in the first place. America can do better. Let’s take back the House and show them how it's done! … We need to tackle injustice for unbanked communities in America. A postal banking system would ensure that every person across the country can get access to the critical banking and financial resources they need. It’s affordable, it’s fair, and it just makes sense.pic.twitter.com/GlRFna2F31 We’ve proven time and again that when we raise our voices together, we’ll be heard. With our fundamental rights on the line, it’s never mattered more that we come together to defend them. Let’s stand shoulder to shoulder and keep each other strong in these critical fights ahead. .@staceyabrams is on the verge of making history.   Winning will show that when we stand for progress and fight with conviction, there’s no stopping us.  It will change the playbook for who runs and how we win.  Let's send money her way to make it happen: … We are praying for you every day, John. We love you. Thank you for your courage, and for your extraordinary service and leadership. … We must fight for women’s rights like our lives are on the line, because they are. Join @NARAL’s national day of action on Aug. 26 to demand the Senate oppose Kavanaugh’s appointment. With rallies in all 50 states, this is our chance to come together and be heard. I’m excited to go home to Troy, NY, this weekend, and I’m even more excited to host a town hall while I’m there! I hope you can join me on Sunday, Aug. 26 to talk about what’s on your mind and ask any questions you might have. You can RSVP here: … Guns do not belong in schools.   Secretary DeVos should be investing in our students and our teachers, not funding guns in schools. … One thing is clear: If we want an America that values women, then we must demand it and we must fight for it. Let's all rise up and speak out to #StopKavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/pkKtWU1JyM We can’t let Brett Kavanaugh threaten everything we value on the Supreme Court. On Aug. 26, find the @NARAL Stand For Justice rally in your state, and join this critical fight for our rights.  We are not powerless in this fight for our values and our democracy. If we raise our voices in November for challengers like @kyrstensinema, @RosenforNevada and @BetoORourke, we will bring accountability. We will bring justice. We will bring change. … “We are in a moment when women’s voices really matter... We have to fight as strongly, as clearly, as loudly as we can!” -@SenGillibrand on what it’s going to take to #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/UdLDFKs9IC “This is the fight of our lives. It is ABOUT our lives.” @SenGillibrand #stopkavanaughpic.twitter.com/SiL1MynH0n "We are in a moment where women's voices really do matter. #TIMESUP, #MeToo, it's about women's voices. It's about the ability of women and men to tell their stories, to be heard... And Judge Kavanaugh is such a horrible choice because he does not value women." -@SenGillibrand The Senate absolutely should not proceed on Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings when we have a president who was implicated in crimes in federal court and a Supreme Court nominee who believes a president is above the law. On the steps of the Supreme Court, I was thrilled to join an incredible advocate and champion of equal pay, @Lilly_Ledbetter, in speaking out to #StopKavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/CHqWjCboAD When our institutions are threatened and our democracy is undermined, there’s one sure-fire answer. Vote. Register, make a plan, show up at the ballot box and make yourself counted. Democracy is stronger than any one person. Because our democracy is all of us. It’s ours. We need to own it. Here in the U.S., mothers are dying and suffering life-altering consequences from giving birth because they don’t get quality medical treatment. We can’t accept this. We have to work to ensure access to quality, affordable health care for women in our country. We all have to step up. It’s going to take more than just a couple of Democrats and a couple of Republicans. This has to be a 50-state strategy. This is about making sure every senator feels our outrage, our fear, our hope. This is about demanding to finally be heard. This fight is going to take grassroots activism – a lot of it. It’s going to take the kind of activism we saw from the women who marched in the largest protest in U.S. history. But that was only the start. We must keep fighting like our lives depend on it, because they do. What are we willing to fight for if not for autonomy over our bodies? If not for women to have equality in this country? The ability to make decisions about our own lives, our own bodies, our own futures is our most basic human right. This fight is now or never. We need more women governors in this country, and we need @GwenGraham in office, period. Not only will she be a champion for progress, she would be FL’s first woman governor. Will you give now to help her win her primary next week? … Today is a good day for this reminder: No one’s above the law. Not President Trump’s inner circle. Not President Trump himself. The Trump administration just dealt yet another huge blow to environmental protections in our country, making your voice in our fight for clean air and water that much more important:  … From the road! A special message from @SenGillibrand on how we need to speak out against Judge Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation –– our lives depend on it. #RiseUpForRoe #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/kDzap86Lxu This Sunday, join me in Troy, New York, for my next town hall! I would love the chance to meet you and discuss the issues you care most about. If you can stop by, please make sure to RSVP: … Thank you, @SenGillibrand: "Every woman in American should know her basic human rights are under attack!" #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh #PreExAtStake @SenDuckworth @maziehironopic.twitter.com/jmv9OrDRtk Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating Eid al-Adha! Wishing you all a wonderful celebration with loved ones and friends. We are bearing witness to a powerful movement: a wave of record-breaking, glass-ceiling-shattering women candidates who are running and winning like never before. We are witnessing history. … Another glaring reminder that taxpayers should never foot the bill for the payout of a politician's sexual harassment scandal. Members of Congress need to play by the same rules as anyone else. There are no more excuses. We must pass common sense reform. … This weekend, I had the great pleasure of seeing Cooperstown, New York’s new mayor, Ellen Tillapaugh Kuch. She’s the second woman ever to have that role! Strong women are running, winning, and leading in communities all across New York — and it's so encouraging to see!pic.twitter.com/tjFAtcdUXX Changing this country means changing who leads it. Decisions are being made in school boards, city councils, state legislatures and Congress that would be made better with your voice. You belong #OffTheSidelines. You belong at the table. Investing in sustainable technologies wouldn’t just protect our environment – it would build a strong economic future for the U.S too. We’ve always been a country that finds innovative solutions to our biggest problems, so let’s keep working together to meet the challenges ahead. I’m fighting for Medicare for All to put families first – because when lives are on the line, we shouldn’t be making decisions based on insurers’ bottom lines. We should be making decisions based on the needs of the people we serve and the lives depending on care. With so many tough fights ahead of us, we need Claire’s voice in the Senate. She’s counting on our urgent support to get what she needs to protect this seat. Will you give just $5 to help Claire win in Missouri and take back the Senate? … Claire is facing one of the toughest races this cycle. President Trump is personally campaigning in Missouri for her anti-women opponent, and their right-wing mega-donors have already spent over $10 million to defeat her. She needs our help to defend herself from these attacks. If @clairecmc loses in Missouri, we’ll have no hope of taking back the Senate this year. We can’t afford to let that happen. From the Supreme Court to our most fundamental rights, there’s too much at stake. … My bipartisan bill, the Main Street Employee Ownership Act, which supports small businesses that transition to employee ownership, was signed into law part of the NDAA. Let's keep up the fight to help our businesses reward work without sacrificing profit.  …pic.twitter.com/MKBsgtlwX1 I’m hosting a town hall in my hometown, Troy, New York, next Sunday, Aug. 26, and I’m hoping to see many of you there! My team and I are excited to meet you and your families, catch up and discuss the issues you care about most. Please RSVP here: … I'm proud to receive the endorsement of @EqualityNewYork, an organization doing incredible work to advance equality and justice for LGBTQI New Yorkers. I'm honored to fight alongside you and am inspired by your strength, love and courage. … Suffragists spent decades fighting for women’s right to vote. If they could do that, we can keep raising our voices and working toward a more equal future. When we stay together, we can overcome anything. We had an amazing group of volunteers come out to welcome @SenGillibrand to #VA10 this week. Senator Gillibrand and I sat down for an interview with @margbrennan and @FaceTheNation afterwards. Tune in tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. to watch it!pic.twitter.com/YeEBfRvksi The 19th Amendment reminds us of a monumental first step toward equality for women, but also of how far we have to go in our fights for paid leave, reproductive rights and equal pay. As we look toward the upcoming primaries and Election Day, let’s come together and get to work.pic.twitter.com/dw7jWx2Nqu Every type of discrimination doubly impacts women of color. To achieve equality, we have to share the burden of fighting for it, and not ask women of color to fight these fights alone over and over again. Thanks for the great conversation, @MsPackyetti.pic.twitter.com/5RoNuhwZJl Alex couldn’t pay the exorbitant price of his insulin. He rationed his medication and died because of it. That’s why I’m sponsoring the Stop Price Gouging Act – pharmaceutical companies must be stopped from increasing drug prices to profit off Americans. … .@realDonaldTrump doesn't have a relationship with the facts, so when @FaceTheNation asked about his attacks on my record, I helped set him straight. … We all must do our part in the fight to take back the Senate and keep people like Gary Johnson out of office. There’s too much on the line to count on others to step up. Will you give $5 to help Martin protect his seat and win back a Democratic majority? … Martin has been a champion in our fights for better health care, better education opportunities and better jobs. We can’t afford to lose his voice right now and let Gary Johnson take New Mexico backward at the expense of working families, so we need to rush Martin our support. If we’re going to take back the Senate, we have to make sure @TeamHeinrich wins in New Mexico. But Gary Johnson just jumped into the race to defeat him, which means Martin is up against a flood of corporate PAC money and needs our help to fight back. … Now it’s your turn to step up, Austin! I hope all of you will join these incredible activists to raise your voice tonight.  I talked with @SymoneDSanders, @laurenduca, @jess_mc, @MsPackyetti and @K_JeanPierre about the importance of defending Roe v. Wade. Seeing so many of you at #RiseUpforRoe was inspiring. When we speak out, we’re a powerful force for justice. Let’s get to work.pic.twitter.com/Xt8Z8EKWZa The founders believed a free press was vital to helping root out corruption and promote liberty and justice. @realDonaldTrump’s relentless attacks on the press speak volumes about the beliefs and values of his administration. … Aretha Franklin was a towering icon for women’s rights and civil rights who will live on in our souls forever. Rest in peace.  One of the great privileges of this work is fighting alongside the women who are changing our country. I got to campaign for @JenniferWexton today with my friend @pwcdanica, and it was an honor to see them in action!pic.twitter.com/hAfRepH6WN Really enjoyed our conversation today, and feel so invigorated about the change women will make across this country in November.   Tune in to my interview with @JenniferWexton on Sunday to learn more about how we all can @getots! … Any attempt to go backwards on abortion rights is unacceptable. We can’t stop fighting for a woman’s right to choose, and we can’t give an inch. Keep calling your senators to block Brett Kavanaugh’s appointment. Keep raising your voice and don’t let up. … I’m honored to have the opportunity to fight alongside so many incredible women tonight at #RiseUpForRoe’s D.C. stop. Make your voice heard by joining us at 7 p.m. at Dock 5 Union Market to #StopKavanaugh and protect our basic rights! We can win as long as we fight together. We have to show we value women in this country. It’s time to pass equal pay for equal work, affordable child care and paid family and medical leave. When women can live up to their potential, America can achieve hers. We can’t allow the predatory payday loan industry to continue trapping vulnerable Americans in debt because they have nowhere else to turn. The Postal Banking Act would give them another option: access to basic banking and financial resources right at their local post office.pic.twitter.com/MejoQr9ddC I can’t wait to join you all tomorrow to speak out for reproductive rights! Events like this are how we’ll win the fights ahead, because there’s nothing we can’t accomplish as long as we’re standing together. I really hope to see you all there! … Taxpayer-funded private detention centers are withholding basic necessities from immigrant detainees unless they "volunteer" to work. It is illegal and inhumane, the latest example of abuse of immigrant families by the Trump administration. I'm calling for more accountability: … On this day in 1935, the Social Security Act set up a framework to care for the most vulnerable among us. But our fight continues to make sure every American’s basic needs are met. Today, let’s stay true to our values by working to protect and strengthen Social Security. We have the opportunity to nominate more incredible women candidates in today’s primaries. If you live in CT, VT, WI or MN, make sure to vote today. Change begins when you raise your voice and vote your beliefs. The President refuses to acknowledge the work I’ve gotten done. Sound familiar, ladies? … This is a defining moment in our country’s history. Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination puts our rights at risk like never before. There’s too much at stake to remain silent. Stay strong in the fight to defend what we believe in and keep speaking out.pic.twitter.com/zvmDkDKUVg Too often, our service members and their families, who sacrifice a great deal to protect us, are targeted by predatory payday lending schemes.   Now, the Trump administration wants to weaken critical oversight that protects them from financial fraud. … One year after Charlottesville, as white supremacists gather in D.C, we still have a President who launches racist attacks on people of color and uses race to divide. It’s wrong and dangerous. There is only one side: equality. It’s on us to stand up, be counted and denounce hate. Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future. We’re seeing its impacts right now. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We all live on one planet, so we have to come together to face this challenge for the sake of our children and grandchildren. … Was so grateful for the opportunity to join the residents of the @NYCHA Bailey Houses in the Bronx on their Community Day with @NYSenatorRivera! In particular, I loved hearing from a passionate group of young women who care so deeply about making change in their community.pic.twitter.com/VNOAyzVJnf Time and time again, our grassroots resistance has shown that we will not back down from fighting for what’s right. Progress comes from relentless pursuit of it. It’s there as long as we keep fighting for it. I’m asking you to be the hope these families came for. Keep speaking out. Keep donating to organizations offering them legal aid and counseling. Keep calling Congress to demand accountability. We have to stay by their side, today and for as long as they need us. Reports of abuse linger around some facilities. We’ve heard stories of children being sexually assaulted or forced to take psychotropic drugs. Stories of children being returned to their families sick, beaten or emotionally distressed. This is happening here, on American soil. A public health official warned the Trump administration of the harm its family separation policy would cause to these children. It was told of the trauma it would inflict and the lasting psychological damage it would do. The administration went ahead with the policy anyway. The nightmare of the Trump administration’s inhumane border policy is still unfolding. Hundreds of children are still being held in detention facilities, wondering: “What about me?” As many as 500 of these children’s parents have already been deported. After each town hall Gillibrand takes a selfie with every single person who wants onepic.twitter.com/Y0A6nEDzAz Gustavo, thanks again for inviting me. I loved meeting the residents of the Bailey Houses. … Kelda is our best shot at defeating Scott Walker in November. That’s why with her primary just four days away, we need to rush Kelda our urgent support to make sure she wins. Please donate $5 now to help Kelda flip Wisconsin blue! … With Roe v. Wade at risk, strong Democratic governors will be the first line of defense for the rights of women in their states. Kelda won’t let Wisconsin women’s reproductive rights get taken away, but Scott Walker will only keep pushing President Trump’s dangerous agenda. Let me tell you a little bit about @keldahelenroys. She’s exactly the kind of fierce defender of women’s rights we need right now, and she’s running to unseat extreme conservative Gov. Scott Walker. But first, she has to win a tough primary on Tuesday. … I wanted to share a quick update from the road. I’m so energized by hearing directly from so many of you at my town halls – please keep speaking out! It changes the conversation, and it makes a difference.pic.twitter.com/znq43ewb7O I’m so inspired by the @getots candidates who are leading the historic wave of women running for office and winning nominations. The urgency of this moment is not lost on these women or this grassroots movement that is supporting them. … At @SenGillibrand Bronx Community Town Hall event.  She is giving updates on healthcare equity, immigration and voting rights.pic.twitter.com/vwLb7g15nE I’ve loved holding town halls across New York the last few weeks. I’m always struck by how beautiful our state is with each stop. So I want to share some of my favorite views with my rapid response team! Text NYS to 97779 to get a special New York phone background!pic.twitter.com/8CTx5tkLxY Checklist of priorities before Space Force? Reunite families separated at the border. Clean drinking water in Flint and America. Equal pay for equal work. Reduce the cost of RX drugs and healthcare. … Our response to Hurricane Maria was completely inadequate. We haven’t done enough to provide relief or push for accountability. We must honor the 1,427 who died and ease the burden on those still suffering by helping them rebuild. We must pass the U.S. Territorial Relief Act. … Congrats to team @RunforSomething for 500+ candidates endorsed! Their work is such a powerful example of what we can accomplish with grassroots activism. … Nine million households in the U.S. don’t have access to basic banking services like a checking or savings account. Postal banking could easily change that by providing these tools at local post offices. It’s a solution that just makes sense: … A new report shows that voters in 49 states and 408 congressional districts support a national paid family leave program. So let’s keep up the conversation and finally get this done. Let’s pass the #FAMILYAct.pic.twitter.com/6Y1cU9ZVq6 People sometimes ask me: “Why focus on women’s issues?” I say: Because women make up 51% of the population – and empowering them to reach their full economic potential is good for women, our families and our economy. No working American should be forced to choose between a paycheck and their caring for their family. This new report shows that voters in 49 states and 408 congressional districts agree. So let's not give up. Let's keep speaking out. Let's finally pass the #FAMILYAct. … Justice Sotomayor has shattered glass ceilings her whole career. As the first Hispanic Supreme Court Justice, she upheld access to affordable health care and won LGBTQ marriage equality. Sotomayor is a trailblazer who’s shown generations to come how to boldly pursue their dreams.pic.twitter.com/gafI9qZDt5 Congratulations to @gretchenwhitmer for winning the Democratic nomination for MI governor! About two million people raised their voices at the polls yesterday, shattering the last primary turnout record. This is how we’ll change the game in November. Change starts with your vote. If you live in KS, WA, MI, MO or OH, make sure to vote today for candidates who will fight for the issues we care about most. If we all come together and raise our voices for progress at the ballot box, we’ll change the face of Congress. I started @getots to get progressive women into the conversations happening in Washington. Let’s keep that momentum going for the women facing primaries today to make sure they take their races across the finish line in November. Get out to the polls and vote! … We win this fight by making sure everyone has a seat at the table. That means hiring more women of color to leadership positions. It means electing more women of color to high office. These are critical voices in our fight for equality, and we won’t get there without them.pic.twitter.com/o5YssUC9rk In New York City, wage inequality for women of color is even worse. Black women make just $0.57 for every dollar paid to a white man. We can’t achieve true equality until every woman, no matter her race, gets equal pay for equal work. … Today, on #BlackWomensEqualPay Day, we recognize that as we fight for women’s rights, women of color face ever greater injustices, including an even larger wage gap. While women make $0.80 for every dollar a white, non-Hispanic man makes, black women make just $0.63. Tomorrow night @SenGillibrand will be holding a Manhattan town hall at @RiversideNYC to hear about the issues you care about most. RSVP here:  …pic.twitter.com/3ILrtkBATl It’s unacceptable that anyone in one of the world’s richest countries would be left without basic health care. Everyone should have access to the care they need, period. I’m fighting for Medicare for All to invest directly in people and families, not insurance companies’ profits. You all have spoken out against every one of President Trump’s dangerous policies. We need to keep doing exactly that. Keep resisting. Keep raising your voice. But most importantly, keep voting. We must hold this administration accountable at the ballot box this year. Our underserved communities deserve access to the basic financial tools that could empower them to build wealth. By creating a bank within the United States Postal Service, we could give every American an accessible, low-cost banking option that could wipe out predatory lending. … On this day in 1965, the Voting Rights Act became law. We've come a long way, but we still have much further to go. Gerrymandering and voter ID laws targeting communities of color still disenfranchise many Americans. We must keep fighting to protect everyone’s right to vote. This is crunch time for Gretchen as she heads into Tuesday’s primary, and she’s counting on us to make sure she has what she needs to win. Every dollar makes a difference right now. Can you give just $5 now to make sure Gretchen wins this tough primary? … I know we can count on Gretchen to fight for Michigan’s women and families as governor because she’s been doing it her entire career. She’s helped expand Medicaid, raise the state’s minimum wage and rally thousands of people to stand against President Trump’s attacks on women. It’s simple: As a mom and a former legislator and prosecutor, @gretchenwhitmer is the leader Michigan needs. She’s about to face a tough primary this Tuesday, so let’s make sure she wins and takes this campaign through November. If we all keep fighting together for progress and equality, if we keep speaking truth to power and getting #OffTheSidelines, we can achieve anything.   I spoke with @ozy about why I first ran for office and my advice for building the life you want: … If anyone can inspire us to take heart and keep fighting for women’s rights, it’s RBG. There’s so much to learn from the tenacity and courage she’s shown her entire career. As we look to 2018, 2020 and beyond, let’s follow her example and never give up our fight for equality.pic.twitter.com/WyysFTuGEN The opportunity to speak out alongside you for what matters is why I first ran for office. Check out Breaking Big on @PBS, Facebook Watch or on @ozy tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET for my interview with @carloswatson about the beginning of my fight for women, families and our values.pic.twitter.com/nlaU2ptSbh Gretchen is counting on our support right now as she enters the critical push to the primary. Can you give $5 right now to help Gretchen win in Michigan? … I know @gretchenwhitmer won’t ever stop fighting for women and working families, and that’s why we need her as the next governor of Michigan. If you live in Michigan, get out to vote in Tuesday’s primary to make sure we elect Gretchen to be a strong voice for progress! … Kelda has a tough primary coming up, and we need to make sure she wins. We need a voice for women’s rights in Wisconsin. Will you donate $5 right now to make sure Kelda has the resources she needs to win her primary this month? … Wisconsin is one of 22 states where abortion could become illegal overnight if Roe v. Wade was overturned, but Kelda won’t let that happen. She doesn’t take no for an answer when it comes to women’s rights. President Trump has called Gov. Scott Walker “a favorite of mine” because he knows Walker will keep pushing his anti-woman agenda. Women’s rights in Wisconsin depend on Kelda winning in November, so we need to rush her our urgent support. You need to know about @keldahelenroys, who’s running to defeat Scott Walker. As soon as I met Kelda, I knew she was exactly the kind of defender of women’s rights we need. In a few tweets, I’ll tell you why: The Trump administration chose to rip families apart as a matter of policy to punish people for seeking asylum.  We are eager to help locate these parents, but won’t allow the president to pass the blame for the crisis he created. … Women in the U.S. are dying from childbirth at the highest rate of any developed country. This is unacceptable, and we must do better. We have work to do in ensuring access to high-quality, affordable health care for mothers. Across the country, women are coming together to start giving circles in support of amazing federal and state candidates who share their values. @FutureNowUSA writes more: … This proposal would force American workers into an impossible position. To take paid leave now, you would have to trade it in for the Social Security benefits you’d need later.   And if you need to care for a sick or dying parent, you’d get nothing. … I recently rode the Staten Island Ferry and was struck all over again by the hope, opportunity and promise Lady Liberty represents. This country has always fought to close the distance between our policies and our ideals. Now more than ever, we must keep up that fight.pic.twitter.com/WL9ux7IPU9 Marijuana laws in this country are discriminatory and unjust. That’s why I’m working to pass the Marijuana Justice Act. It’s time to end a system that robs people and families of their hopes, dreams and potential. It’s time for justice. In considering scaling back the refugee program even further, the Trump administration is turning its back on America’s promise to be a safe haven for the most vulnerable. We can’t close the door to those fleeing unimaginable violence and poverty. … Loved it! So inspiring. For all those who marched and for all those who want to continue to fight back, RBG is a role model for all us. Never give up. … Despite knowing the harm it would cause, despite knowing the trauma it would inflict and the lives it would ruin, this administration separated families. It must fix the crisis it caused at our border, and then answer for its cruelty and inhumanity. … Once again, @realDonaldTrump is threatening to shutdown the government for his wasteful, taxpayer-funded border wall. Instead of dangling threats to hold our country hostage, how about taking action to reunite hundreds of kids who remain separated from their parents? So many @getots-endorsed women have already won primaries across the country, and I couldn’t be prouder. These victories prove that when women run, we change the conversation and we win. Let’s keep up this momentum. Let’s keep fighting. Let’s change the face of Congress. … .@SenGillibrand wants YOU to help #StopKavanaugh.    "I hope all of you will stand up against Judge Kavanaugh, because his nomination will be the first step in actually overturning #RoevWade, the first step in making sure women don't have reproductive rights in this country."pic.twitter.com/PCjoyPrah8 If women made up 51% of Congress, there’s no way we’d still be fighting for things like equal pay. But with a record number of women running for office this year, we can change that. We can elect women who will give a voice to the issues that have taken a back seat for too long. Americans have the right to be fully informed about a Supreme Court nominee’s record, but Senate Republicans refuse to request all the documents related to Kavanaugh’s service in the Bush White House. What are they trying to hide? It’s unacceptable. We must see his full record. It seems like this administration would do just about anything for giveaways to their donors. … "When people ask me, 'How do I get involved?' I say create a giving circle," Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand is building a nationwide network of donors to help elect women into office.  @SenGillibrand  Thank you to @IndivisibleTeam for your endorsement, and for all the incredible work you’ve done to build a grassroots movement powered by people fighting for what’s right. I can’t wait to raise our voices together for the progressive issues we believe in.pic.twitter.com/ZqGFKvfH38 .@SenGillibrand pushing bill to stop price gouging for prescription drugs  If we get to the polls on Election Day, and encourage everyone we know to do the same, we will change the face of Congress in November. With just 99 days before the midterms, I’m asking each of you today to make a plan to vote:  Women are leading the resistance and fighting for our democracy. Incredible women leaders have started giving circles to leverage their resources, raise their voices and support candidates who share their values. This is what @getots is all about. … Republicans are pouring money into Arizona to defeat Kyrsten. She needs our urgent support behind her to make sure she has the resources necessary to defeat Arpaio in November. Will you donate to help Kyrsten flip this seat blue and take back the Senate? … President Trump won Arizona by 4 points, and Mike Pence all but endorsed Kyrsten’s racist, misogynistic opponent, Joe Arpaio. We can’t afford another rubber stamp in the Senate for this administration’s hateful policies, so we need to do everything we can to elect Kyrsten. Taking back the Senate has never been more important, but we can’t do it if we don’t elect my friend @kyrstensinema. Kyrsten is a proven fighter, and that’s why we need her voice standing up for women, families and progress against President Trump’s discrimination and bigotry. Our planet is in the midst of a global heatwave that’s alarming scientists. With record highs this summer, global climate change is upon us. The U.S. and our president must lead, but instead his admin is shamefully weakening our environmental standards. … The only people who don’t like my Postal Banking Act are the payday lenders who profit off Americans’ desperation. So it’s time to fight back, put them out of business and bring justice to people in communities nationwide.pic.twitter.com/prWe5wsNrq The U.S. is the only developed country in the world without a universal paid family leave mandate. It isn’t because we can’t afford it – not at all. It’s because we’ve lacked the will. Raise your voice to help me get the FAMILY Act passed so we can achieve universal paid leave.pic.twitter.com/jOpD2HiGFv Women in the U.S. are dying from giving birth because they aren't getting quality medical treatment. This crisis affects women of color at even higher rates. We need to work toward every mother getting access to the quality health care they deserve. … Let’s come together right now for Jacky to make sure she has the resources she needs to stand up to this administration’s attacks and flip this critical seat blue. Will you give $5 now to help Jacky win in November and take back the Senate for Democrats? … But Trump is personally campaigning for Jacky’s opponent, and Mitch McConnell’s allies pledged to spend $11.2 million to defeat her. We need to rush our support to Jacky so she can be a critical voice in the Senate to stop Kavanaugh’s appointment and hold Trump accountable. My friend @RosenforNevada’s race is the only one in the country where an incumbent Republican senator is running in a state Trump lost, so this is our best shot to pick up a Senate seat. With the future of the Supreme Court on the line, we can’t afford to lose in Nevada. It’s clear that the Trump administration is acting in bad faith with their attempts to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census. Here’s why it would be harmful to communities across the country — especially in New York State: … People of color are arrested at 10 times the rate of white people for marijuana possession, despite similar rates of usage. We need to pass the Marijuana Justice Act: It’s a step toward much-needed criminal justice reform. This is about equality and doing what’s right. All we know as of now is that the Trump administration has missed another deadline to reunite these families. We don’t know if or when all of these families will be reunited, and we can’t stop fighting – not until every single child is reunited with their parents. Our great state joined the union on this day in 1788. Happy 230th birthday, New York! … Puerto Rico deserves to be able to rebuild from Hurricane Maria’s devastation without being crushed by debt. Congress must do its job. Call your elected officials and demand they pass the U.S. Territorial Relief Act immediately to aid our fellow Americans in their time of need. Our country faces a massive student debt crisis. We should be doing all we can to give relief to graduates, especially those who’ve been cheated by predatory institutions.  Instead, Betsy DeVos has chosen to side with the predatory for-profit colleges. … The Americans with Disabilities Act became law 28 years ago to prevent discrimination against those with disabilities. But that discrimination is far from over – so our work isn’t over to listen to and amplify the voices fighting for accessibility and equal opportunity. #ADA28 Let’s make sure @HigherHeights can keep up this vital mission and train more black women leaders to run for office and win across the country. Will you give now to change the face of our leadership and elect black women candidates up and down the ballot? … Black women are critical voices for progress that we need at every level of government, and @HigherHeights is making sure they have the tools they need to pull up a seat at the table and shape the conversation. We need more incredible black women like @LucyWins2018 in positions of power, and organizations like @HigherHeights are dedicated to making that happen. They’re changing the face of our leadership by supporting black women candidates running for office across the country. Our military is strongest when it represents the nation it serves. We must take that value to heart and keep fighting as hard as we can to block this ban. I can guarantee that your voices are making a difference in this fight, so do not let up. #ProtectTransTroops .@realDonaldTrump's transgender troop ban is one of the most disgraceful policies of his presidency — an insult to the brave service of thousands who are willing to die for this country. It doesn’t strengthen our military. It erodes military readiness. It wastes taxpayer money. Exactly one year ago, transgender service members stationed all around the world put on their uniforms and showed up for work, only to be told by their Commander in Chief via Twitter that he doesn’t want them in “any capacity.” By moving to impeach Rosenstein, House Republicans have made a clear play to obstruct Mueller's investigation. The Senate should act immediately to protect the Special Counsel.   The American people deserve answers. We can't let this president put himself above the rule of law. … Lucy has a tough general election fight ahead of her. @getots and I will be supporting her every step of the way, and we need you right there with us. Can you give now to make sure Lucy has the resources she needs to help flip Congress blue in November? … With so much on the line right now, from lifesaving gun safety reform to women’s access to health care, electing women candidates like Lucy to stand up for the issues we care most about has never been more important. She will help power change in this country. Congratulations to @LucyWins2018 on becoming the Democratic nominee in #GA06 last night! As a mother and activist, Lucy’s an incredible leader. I’m excited to fight by her side between now and Election Day to flip this seat blue in November! I am so pleased to announce that the Senate passed a career and technical education bill that included major provisions from two of my bipartisan bills to help New York’s students. Read more about it:  … I told @nytimes: Almost every bad policy that comes out of Washington can be traced back to the toxic influence money has over our politics. We can transform our economy and level the playing field by getting corporate money out of our elections. … 53 days is too long. But this is great news for Pablo and his family, especially for his two girls who must be overjoyed to be with their father again! Thanks to all who fought to reunite this family, and let’s keep speaking out against Trump’s inhumane immigration policies. … If we keep standing up for what we believe in, if we keep fighting for what we know is right, for the empowerment of others and against every injustice we see, we can keep up the fight against this administration. We can win in November. … At a moment in time when our country grapples with much uncertainty, local journalism has been vital to informing our communities and speaking truth to power. Today is a bad day for informed democracy as @NYDailyNews undergoes deep cuts to editorial staff. #SupportLocalJournalism A special thanks to all who came out to the College of Staten Island to voice their concerns at our Staten Island Town Hall, despite the power outage after the storms this weekend. Even though our auditorium had no power, I’m grateful for everyone sticking it out in the lobby!pic.twitter.com/aln5OXZGY4 If the DoD is serious about ending sexual assault in the military, it will stop delaying its report detailing the risk to service members at bases around the world. We need transparency and accountability. We need to end this epidemic. It can't wait. … It was inspiring to see the Statue of Liberty this afternoon. We have the power to make sure that America lives up to what she represents: A country that welcomes all people with the promise of opportunity and hope.   We just have to keep fighting.pic.twitter.com/K3vVMQjVgO We have the power to make sure our country achieves the ideals inscribed on the Statue of Liberty. If we stay strong in the fight for what’s right, for the values we want America to represent, we can ensure we live up to our promise of safety, opportunity and hope. We must fight for the tired, the poor and the huddled masses that Emma Lazarus wrote about. We can’t let them experience horrors in our country like the ones they set out to escape. We cannot look in the other direction when we see the injustices and abuses of power happening right here on American soil. We cannot shy away from our responsibility to treat immigrants with humanity and compassion. We cannot turn our backs on the ideals of Emma Lazarus’s poem. The Trump administration has slammed America’s doors on those seeking refuge, beginning with the passage of the discriminatory travel ban. Now, there are children detained at our border reportedly being subjected to physical and verbal abuse. Today, on Emma Lazarus’s birthday, we look to her poem inscribed on the Statue of Liberty, which tells the story of an America that welcomes “your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.” But to live up to her words, we must reflect on where we’ve come from and where we are.pic.twitter.com/Bylr0XAKru If we keep speaking out, we can stop Kavanaugh from being confirmed. I talked about his extreme views on women’s health and net neutrality with @SymoneDSanders. Listen and help us keep the pressure on the Senate to stop this terrible choice: … It's already difficult for women to exercise our right to choose. For many, reproductive care is flat-out inaccessible. We can’t afford Brett Kavanaugh pushing us further back. We must fight with everything we have to protect women’s rights. … The Trump administration has failed to reunite over 2,000 children taken from their parents at our border. Their nightmare isn’t over, so keep fighting. Keep calling Congress to demand justice. Keep donating to groups providing legal aid and resources. … Loved being in Rochester for the first stop of our town hall summer swing. Was glad to answer so many thoughtful questions. Thanks to all to who came out and to @MonroeCC for hosting!pic.twitter.com/3JsyDOWwso The Senate yesterday effectively blocked the confirmation of a judge whose intolerant writings made him unqualified to serve on the federal appeals court. We can block Kavanaugh, too. Raise your voices. Call your senators. And don’t let up. I’m always struck by the beauty of New York when I’m traveling across the state, and I wanted to share some of my favorite views with my rapid response team. Text NYS to 97779 to get an exclusive New York-themed phone background!pic.twitter.com/0Q87EumwZG .@realDonaldTrump held this up as evidence that he’s recognized Russian meddling, but he:   1) refused to admit it was to help him  2) cast doubt each time  3) hasn't acted to stop future attacks  Congress needs to defend our democracy. The president won't. … .@realDonaldTrump, instead of inviting Putin to the White House, how about you condemn him, and hold him accountable, for Russia’s interference in the 2016 elections and their continuing efforts to undermine our democracy? I’m grateful for the voices of these brave survivors. We see you. We hear you. We’ll keep fighting alongside you to ensure justice. … Excited to head to Staten Island on Sunday. Looking forward to hearing from you. Please join us! … When I think about this moment we’re in, I think about the leaders who came before us. On the anniversary of the Seneca Falls Convention, we look to them for inspiration as we strive for a more inclusive women’s movement and equal access to the voting booth.pic.twitter.com/jQwahidviD She has a tough primary around the corner and will need our urgent, campaign-winning support to get her across the finish line. Will you donate $5 or more right now to help Kelda defeat Scott Walker and become the next governor of Wisconsin? … I met Kelda this weekend in WI, and I was inspired by her drive to stand up for working people and families over corporate interests. She’s the kind of fighter we need to beat Scott Walker this November, and @getots and I will be fighting alongside her every step of the way. I first heard about @keldahelenroys from her incredible campaign ad about fighting for the issues that matter most to real people. Candidates like Kelda are exactly why I started @getots, and I’m so proud to endorse her for governor of Wisconsin. … Always fun to “girl chat” with @SymoneDSanders, especially about my bill to empower U.S. post offices to provide basic banking services and take on payday lenders. It’s a commonsense solution to a big problem. #WeShouldAllBeForPostalBanking @crookedmedia … I believe elected officials should be accessible and accountable to the public. That is why I'm so excited to kick off our town hall season in Rochester with @MonroeCC. If you're in the area, please stop by! I would love to hear what's on your mind. … Republicans in Congress have yet to even try to make President Trump answer for any of his outrageous and dangerous policies. Let their inaction fuel your action. Call your representatives and tell them to hold this president accountable. If they don’t, vote them out in November. No one should be above the law – especially the president. Yet another reason why Brett Kavanaugh should never sit on the Supreme Court. … Pregnant women have come forward with heartbreaking stories of inhumane treatment while in immigration detention. It’s shameful, so I’ve joined @PattyMurray on a bill that will prevent these detentions, and set new standards of care for pregnant women who have been detained. … The Trump administration is making it even easier for wealthy donors to influence our elections in secret. I want to be completely clear: Money isn't free speech. We have to fight the corrosive influence of dark money in politics until we’re free of it. … Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme Court poses a huge threat to the fundamental civil rights of women across America. I talked to @glamourmag about what's at stake—and why every woman must rise up and speak out as loud as she can. … .@realDonaldTrump refused to stand up to Putin.   The Congress controlled by his own party refuses to do their job and stand up to the president.   We need to take back the House and Senate to finally put a check on this president. If Kavanaugh is confirmed to the Supreme Court, the future of women’s reproductive freedom in this country would come down to the decisions of five men.   Women must fight back against this dangerous nomination with everything we have. Our fundamental civil rights are at stake. .@LUnderwood630 is going to be a relentless force fighting for working families and health care rights. But she’s facing a tough election and needs our support. Will you give now to elect Lauren to represent #IL14 and help Democrats flip the House?  …pic.twitter.com/dBBEHTgArK “The power to flip the Senate is coming right through Wisconsin. Your voice has never been more important than it is today!” — @SenGillibrandpic.twitter.com/pMoJ0X08Wm We just witnessed the President of the United States abdicate his national security responsibilities as Commander-in-Chief. When he was given the chance to hold Putin accountable and condemn Russia's interference in our elections, he refused. Here in Stoughton for our 11th annual BBQ with my friend and colleague @SenGillibrand!pic.twitter.com/J4abFr0CPK With the future of the SCOTUS on the line, we’ve each got to help Tammy meet her critical fundraising goal tonight and stay on track to win, so I’m counting on you to give just $3 to her campaign: … .@tammybaldwin has been by our side during some of the biggest fights of this administration. From standing up for affordable health care to opposing Trump’s SCOTUS nomination, Tammy’s voice is one we can’t afford to lose in the Senate. I'm hitting the campaign trail in WI for @tammybaldwin, and I wanted to tell you why her race is so important: Right-wing groups have already spent almost $10 million to flip Tammy’s seat – they know it could determine control of the Senate. Your voice at the ballot box has never mattered more than right now. With Senate and House control on the line and the future of SCOTUS at stake, every one of us must get to the polls in November and vote for those who will defend our values.  On July 14, 1917, 16 suffragists were arrested for protesting for the right to vote. Their determination helped lead to women’s suffrage – and reminds us to never, ever back down when we’re fighting for what’s right.pic.twitter.com/x3ZOEvobO8 I started Off The Sidelines 7 years ago to help tear down barriers and empower proud, progressive women candidates to run and win. And we won’t stop until every woman is in her rightful place at the decision-making table. Happy birthday, @getots – and here’s to many more! … No matter where I am in New York State, I keep hearing from older New Yorkers who are worried about the high cost of prescription drugs. Their stories break my heart.   So I’m fighting to end price gouging and hold drug companies accountable. Here's how: … The #FAMILYAct is the only #paidleave plan that addresses working people’s needs. Thanks for being a champion for #realpaidleave, @SenGillibrand! #DontCutSocialSecurity  …pic.twitter.com/t0k7TpS73F I traveled to TX this week to visit detention centers holding children and women who came to our border seeking asylum. As this crisis unfolds, it’s critical we know what’s happening to these families so we can fight the injustices. Here’s what I saw:  … I’m going to fight this nomination with everything I have at every step of the process. But I need you right by my side, calling your senators again and again to tell them not to hold a hearing for Brett Kavanaugh. We have to fight harder than ever with this much on the line. Kavanaugh praised the dissent in Roe v. Wade, indicating he would vote to overturn abortion rights. He also argued that religious employers should be able to decide if a woman can access birth control, a decision that should only ever be between her and her doctor, not her boss. If we allow Brett Kavanaugh to serve a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court, a woman’s right to make decisions about her own body will be under attack like never before. His track record proves it. We need to stop putting corporations before people. We need to end the influence of dark money in politics. But Brett Kavanaugh’s record suggests he will put big business ahead of working Americans every time. We must keep fighting back against his confirmation. Americans can and should have paid leave while they’re working, and a safe and secure retirement later on. Today, I testified to the Senate Finance Committee about why the #FAMILYAct is the best paid leave plan for workers, for businesses, and for the country. … The #FAMILYAct is the #realpaidleave plan that addresses the needs of America's working people: gender-neutral, parental leave, family care leave, personal medical leave and military #caregiving leave. #DontCutSocialSecurity Thank you for coming! And thank you for your persistent advocacy for #paidleave! … Republicans have proposed paid leave plans that would come at a cost to Social Security benefits. But in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, American workers shouldn’t have to choose between paid family leave and financial security in retirement. #RealPaidLeave At some point, each of us will have a situation where we'll need to take time off of work to be with, and care for, our families. No working American should have to choose between their family and their paycheck. But today, many have to. It’s long past time for #RealPaidLeave. Paid family leave for all American workers shouldn’t have to come at a cost to Social Security benefits. We can have both.   The #FAMILYAct wouldn’t create this kind of false choice. … .@VP and @realDonaldTrump campaigned on the promise that they would roll back women’s rights and overturn Roe v. Wade. Women, we need to fight the SCOTUS nomination like our futures and freedom depend on it. Because they do. … At this moment, we should have no doubt: Women’s rights, civil rights, and equal rights are at stake.  Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court must be rejected by the Senate.   Be heard, today. Call: (202) 224-3121pic.twitter.com/vEYv5XOn1W We all know what’s at stake with Kavanaugh’s nomination: The freedom for women to make our own choices. Equal rights. Civil rights. All of the values we hold most dear. Stopping this will take all of us, fighting as hard as we can, raising our voices again and again.pic.twitter.com/TfhDaxoNQi Tell your senators to hold the line. Tell them to refuse to hold a hearing. Tell them not to confirm anyone until after the midterm elections – when we can recommend a bipartisan nominee. Call, and don’t stop calling. There’s too much at stake not to raise your voice right now. I stand by my pledge to vote no on President Trump’s nominee, because the American people deserve the opportunity to make their voices heard in November about this lifetime appointment. President Trump just announced Brett Kavanaugh as his nominee to the Supreme Court. One thing’s already clear from his record: He can’t be trusted to safeguard rights for women, workers or to end the flow of corporate money to campaigns. Pregnant women say they are being harmed and denied medical care in immigration detention — even when hemorrhaging and miscarrying.   What they've endured is shocking and heartbreaking.   We must fight back even harder against the cruelty and inhumanity of Trump's policies. … About 3000 children, including at least 100 under the age of 5, were separated from their parents and held in custody at our border.   I just left Texas, and saw no real plan to bring these families back together before tomorrow’s court deadline. W/ @SenGillibrand at ICE in San Antonio. What we saw was basically a jail for families. The mothers are seeking asylum after facing violence, rape and death threats from gangs. The fearmongering from the Trump Adm. to feed their base is what’s fueling this immigration crisis.pic.twitter.com/VYxrTEQHsj Today I visited a facility in Brownsville, TX, where over 1,200 migrant children are being housed. What I saw reveals the incompetence of this administration and the cruelty of its policy. I came here to find answers, but I’m leaving with more questions. Here’s what I saw:pic.twitter.com/tzW9apb8rm We must be relentless in our fight to put a stop to this administration’s inhumanity, to see that the kids separated from their families are reunited. Keep raising your voices, keep donating, and keep fighting as hard as you can for what’s right. … We must fight to protect those whose voices are too often ignored and silenced. We must elevate those voices by raising our own. We must demand to be heard, and we must never back down in the fight for a better, fairer and more just world.pic.twitter.com/kk99ltBN2C With four months until Election Day and women’s rights on the line, President Trump can’t be allowed to make a SCOTUS appointment without the American people having a say at the ballot box. We must keep speaking out. #SaveSCOTUS We can’t lose Claire’s voice with this much on the line. We need her by our side, and that’s why I’m asking you to donate right now to help make sure that she can stay there. Will you give just $5 to help Claire win in Missouri and take back the Senate? … President Trump has already been to Missouri three times to campaign for her anti-women opponent, and special interests have poured almost $10 million into attacks against her. Claire can’t fight these attacks and a flood of dark money alone. She’s counting on our support. The stakes for winning back a Democratic Senate majority have never been higher. With a Supreme Court seat on the line and our values under attack, we need to reelect @clairecmc! We’re in the midst of a humanitarian crisis on American soil. Now there are reports the Trump administration has asked a federal judge to extend its deadline for reuniting families. We have to keep fighting to shine a light on this injustice. Immigration is a strength of America. Our country needs a new agency that works, and it needs bipartisan immigration reform. That includes border security, a humane asylum process, and a pathway to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants who are already here. Their immoral zero tolerance policy has made us less safe, drained federal resources from violent criminals, and stained our country’s soul. .@realDonaldTrump and @VP continue to falsely attack millions of Americans who are appalled at the incompetence and cruelty of their self-made immigration crisis. No, @VP, the separation of families at the border and throughout the country is cruel, and it must end. We’ll keep speaking out as loud as we can until these families are reunited. #FamilesBelongTogether … Hey, @realDonaldTrump: While you obsess over my genes, your Admin is conducting DNA tests on little kids because you ripped them from their mamas & you are too incompetent to reunite them in time to meet a court order. Maybe you should focus on fixing the lives you're destroying. As we fight to make sure you have a say on the next justice, we need to raise our voices to restore fairness to our campaign finance system. We have to overturn Citizens United. #SaveSCOTUSpic.twitter.com/t6lgrYCVI4 Scott Pruitt should never have set foot inside the EPA in the first place. He violated public trust. Even worse, he implemented a disastrous environmental policy designed to benefit industry insiders, one that will have terrible consequences for our children and grandchildren. … You can bet that anyone on @realDonaldTrump’s list of potential SCOTUS nominees would overturn Roe v. Wade. Our hard-fought rights could evaporate in a moment. That’s a massive step backward for women’s equality that I will not stand for. Not in 2018. Not ever. Today, I’m reflecting on what patriotism is: the advocacy and determination of ordinary people striving to make our country better. I’m so proud to stand with each of you as we pursue a more just and unified society together. A very happy Fourth of July to you and your family!pic.twitter.com/9hkm0Bep8h This is wrong. This is discriminatory. This is a direct attack on our country’s efforts to pursue fairness and equality. Diverse voices and backgrounds only add value to our education system. We must stand up and speak out to ensure every student has equal opportunities. … For our latest Monologue video, @SenGillibrand discussed what sensible gun reform could do, and how young activists inspire her. Drawn by @EmilyFlake.pic.twitter.com/P5NXVuxDRT Yet another reason why this country needs postal banking. The U.S. Postal Service has 30,000 locations across the country that could give every American a not-for-profit alternative when they need a small dollar loan, or basic banking services. … Tell your friends, every woman you know, that if they care about their health, privacy, and safety, that the Supreme Court will have say about all of that. Then, make calls: (202) 224-3121.  Let's make the Supreme Court a voting issue like no other. The stakes couldn't be higher. The administration needs to own up and answer: How will the children be reunited with their parents? I’ll keep asking, for as long as it takes, until every single family is together again. #FamiliesBelongTogether … 54 years ago, the Civil Rights Act was signed, marking a crucial step in the fight for equality. We must keep working to empower each other and amplify the voices of those who desperately need to be heard. We must keep fighting to become a more just and more equal country. Grateful to @ProtectRDfnders and Col. Don Christensen for keeping up the pressure on this issue. We will not stop fighting for the reforms our service members deserve, and for a more fair, accountable, and transparent military justice system. … New Yorkers could see their insurance premiums rise by as much as 24% next January, as the Trump administration’s measures to sabotage the Affordable Care Act begin to take effect. … Here's the number for the Senate switchboard: 202-224-3121. Save it in your contact list. Call every day and tell everyone you know to call, too. Your voice should decide who gets a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. With a Supreme Court seat vacant, civil liberties are at risk. Our most fundamental rights could be eroded. Now, tell your senators you deserve to help choose your next justice. Every day between now and Nov. 6, fight to have a Democratic Senate decide the next confirmation. I know how hard things feel now, but we've faced challenges before and have overcome them. If you keep fighting for justice, we will win. If you stay united, we will win. If you do the work and keep believing, we will win. A group of top ICE investigators who handle “national security threats, child pornography and transnational crime” are “seeking to dissolve the agency.” They’ve cited the Trump administration’s crackdown on non-violent immigrants as a distraction from their critical work. … Take @realdonaldtrump at his word. He wants to “punish” women for exercising their reproductive freedom. He promised to nominate to SCOTUS someone who would “automatically” overturn Roe v. Wade. We need to fight like women’s lives and freedom are on the line. Because they are.pic.twitter.com/Fvnkof7omr Today’s #FamiliesBelongTogether march was a powerful statement to President Trump that we will not back down until every last one of these kids is back in the arms of their parents. The march may be over, but we must keep speaking out and keep fighting as hard as we can.pic.twitter.com/cebgSAKkB9 I’ll be at the #FamiliesBelongTogether march tomorrow, adding my voice to the thousands refusing to sit back or stand down. Whether you march or tweet or call your members of Congress – do not stop. This is unprecedented cruelty, and we will match it with unprecedented action.pic.twitter.com/UHLhUlSXg3 I'll be on tonight's episode of @allinwithchris to talk about the future of the Supreme Court. Tune in around 8:15pm ET!pic.twitter.com/cgBSp6h2Dr With a Supreme Court seat on the line, President Trump is desperate to reelect @RosenforNevada’s opponent to be a rubber stamp on his agenda. She needs our urgent support to fight back and win this race. Will you donate now to help Jacky flip #NVSen blue? … Across the country, state legislatures have already made significant moves to limit a woman's access to abortion and contraception. Imagine what could happen with a Supreme Court justice who is in favor of overturning Roe v. Wade. I believe we need to protect families who need help, and ICE isn’t doing that. It has become a deportation force. We need to separate immigration issues from criminal justice. We need to abolish ICE, start over and build something that actually works. … I’m horrified by today’s shooting at the Capital Gazette. Journalists do vital work to further our democracy. They shouldn’t have to face this kind of violence in their own backyard.   How many more communities must grieve until Congress summons up the courage to pass gun reform? Protesting to end family separation.pic.twitter.com/hA6enBRKuW .@SenGillibrand cheering on protestors in Hart as Capitol Police make arrests just feet awaypic.twitter.com/kBqDxSaBrB With Justice Kennedy's retirement, there’s no doubt that women's reproductive freedom is on the ballot this fall. Between now and November 6th, do everything you can to help protect our most basic civil rights.  Women’s lives are at stake. I will fight for you to have a voice in the selection of our next Supreme Court justice, and I won’t ever stop fighting. Proud to join @WeDemandJustice in sending that message today. … Any one of President Trump's list of proposed SCOTUS justices would overturn Roe v. Wade and threaten our fundamental rights. I'll fight to make sure there are no hearings to replace Justice Kennedy until after the election. This is our democracy. Let’s fight like it.pic.twitter.com/LqPkFrEtin We live in a majority pro-choice country. We have a majority pro-choice Senate. This fight ain't over and it's for all the marbles.   Head up, shoulders back. Just like our grandmothers and mothers taught us.   Start calling: 202-224-3121 The President just said the next Supreme Court nominee WILL come from his list of 25 judges that passed his overturning Roe v. Wade litmus test. We need to say NO hearings before the election and work our hearts out and take back the Senate. … Now that there is a vacancy, after the Garland heist, the balance of the court will be tilted even more against women's, workers', and civil rights for decades to come if the president nominates 1 of the 25 judges that passed his litmus tests. We need to #ditchthelist now. … In an economy that is rigged in favor of the wealthy and powerful, unions strengthen our communities, raise our wages, and ensure that anyone who wants to work hard, has access to a good job that lets them work hard.   America needs unions now more than ever. As the threats to the fundamental freedoms of women grow from a hostile Court, so does the movement for gender equity. My thoughts on the #NIFLAvBecerra decision today and the state of #SCOTUS on @CNN … Janus v. AFSCME was nothing short of a political attack on public sector unions at the behest of corporate interests. This ruling is damaging to our unions.   In the face of attacks, unions still lead the fight to reward work in this country. Let's keep standing with them. #Union … Congratulations to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (@Ocasio2018) for running an impressive race in #NY14 and making history. Supporting Democrats running to flip Republican seats and take back the Senate is the single most powerful thing you can do to fight back against the hateful policies of this administration. Give now to fight for the values and people we believe in: … I don’t understand why men continue to tell women what to do with their bodies. Every woman on the Supreme Court opposed the ruling in #NIFLAvBecerra allowing crisis pregnancy centers to deceive women coming for help. Enough. These are our bodies. Listen to us. BREAKING: Sen. Gillibrand announces she's a "NO" on all of Trump's SCOTUS shortlisters if confirmation fight happens this summer. Thank you @SenGillibrand! … We need fair-minded judges who will uphold the value of equality. This current list represents a clear danger to women's health and should be rejected in favor of a bipartisan nominee should there be a vacancy on the bench. If a vacancy occurs during this term, after the Garland heist, the balance of the court could be tilted even more against women's, workers', and civil rights for decades to come by the president’s list of 25 judges who have passed his litmus test of overturning Roe v. Wade. It is clear that the president wants to use the courts to shape policy that he can’t get passed through Congress, like his discriminatory travel ban. The Roberts Court has repeatedly put corporations over people, including the dangerous Epic Systems decision, which undermined workers' well-being. I second Justice Sotomayor’s words.pic.twitter.com/scnCKXEgnF We cannot—we must not—stop speaking out. We cannot sit back and let these intolerant actions define who we are. Your voice matters, so I hope you’ll continue to stand with, and fight for, immigrant and refugee families. Like I’ve said since the day President Trump announced this terrible Executive Order, our country’s willingness to accept families fleeing some of the most dangerous, violent places on earth is not only the right thing to do, but it also helps make our country safer. The president’s travel ban flies in the face of every value on which our country was built. The Supreme Court’s decision to uphold it is truly upsetting. Wendy Davis showed us what it means to raise your voice, as she was relentless in filibustering against an anti-abortion bill targeting Texas’s clinics. Her tenacity demonstrated how important it is to speak out about the issues that matter and never back down.pic.twitter.com/bfTlFbGNxp We are indebted to Chief Spadafora's heroism and decades of service to New York City. Sending my deepest condolences to his family and loved ones. Today, my heart is with the FDNY and the entire 9/11 community. … 2018 is defined by women. Women are running for office in record numbers – and they're mobilizing other women to raise their voices at town halls and the polls. I talked about this incredible energy on the @pantsuitnation podcast: … No community is better served by having hungry children. That's why I'll keep pushing to pass my legislation, the SNAP for Kids Act. You can learn more about it here  … When we know that kids in this country are going to bed hungry, we have a moral obligation to act. I find it so disturbing that Congressional Republicans want to make it harder for struggling families to put food on the table for their children. … Please send urgent support to these organizations providing legal aid and critical assistance to families at the border. We need to take every step we can to fight this injustice and inhumanity. … Our fight for families separated at the border is far from over. This administration still has no clear plan to reunite thousands of children with their parents. These moms, dads and kids are counting on every single one of us to keep fighting for them. Here’s how:pic.twitter.com/861OYJ9qXS Had a great day in Buffalo with @CPeoplesStokes! We met with the Restore Our Community Coalition, a group working to revitalize Buffalo's Humbolt Parkway with green space, per the vision of its architect, Frederick Law Olmstead. Inspired by their hard work and dedication.pic.twitter.com/H9guhCv5BI Thank you for joining us this week on the podcast, @SenGillibrand!  pic.twitter.com/7hdpJq6lV9 While we were watching the crisis that continues to unfold at our borders, Congressional Republicans unveiled a budget that would end the Affordable Care Act, and slash Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Another example of the GOP attacking the most vulnerable among us. … We stopped the first inhumane policy, but this administration has completely lost its moral conscience. It’s up to us to fight back for these children, moms and dads. We must continue to speak out to live up to the hope these families believed in when they came to our country. Reports say ICE has taken children away from the border, further from their families, to facilities in Michigan, Illinois and here in New York. These kids are scared and uncertain about their future. Their parents need to know how to get them back. They deserve answers. President Trump wants credit for ending the child separation policy he started. But the cruelty hasn’t stopped, and our fight for these families isn’t over. It’s appalling that there are still no plans to reunite thousands of children – even some babies – with their families. From being shot down by enemy fire in Afghanistan as a combat pilot to helping overturn the sexist ban on women in ground combat, @mjhegar has proven there’s no door she can’t kick down. Watch to learn about the doors MJ is opening as she runs for Congress in #TX31 this year: … Senator Kirsten Gillibrand is pushing legislation that would allow New York towns or counties to apply for status as an official "manufacturing community."  By telling insurance companies they could no longer deny coverage or charge more for pre-existing conditions, the Affordable Care Act protected 130 million Americans. It's clear that the Trump administration’s attempts to end these protections will have devastating consequences. .@realdonaldtrump must reunite devastated families. Now.    PLUS: @ICEgov detentions of unaccompanied minors up 500%   #ICEinTheNews  An early look at Thursday's front...pic.twitter.com/D1viEacAGg We must keep raising our voices and fighting the Trump administration's treatment of immigrants and refugees. How are they going to reunite kids with parents? What happens after the 20-day period? They owe these families answers. … This is inhumane, cruel, and immoral. The president must stop this today. This policy isn't "tough", it's the act of a coward who's harming children for political gain.   We all must keep speaking out as loudly as we can. … On #WorldRefugeeDay, our own government is creating a humanitarian crisis at our border and causing unthinkable pain. We must be better. We must fight to always keep our doors open to those seeking refuge.pic.twitter.com/9zNpxgkVAI .@HHSgov, @DHSgov let him in. … New York has the best manufacturing tradition in the country. Now, we need to do everything we can to keep that tradition up. So I’m glad that our push for more funding for New York’s manufacturing communities has passed the Senate. … My bipartisan bill, the Made in America Manufacturing Communities Act, that would give communities all over New York access to funding to rebuild their manufacturing sectors, passed the full Senate last night! We’re now one step closer to getting these funds to our state.  #Juneteenth is the day we commemorate the abolition of slavery in our country. While we’ve made great strides toward equality, we must also recognize the fights still ahead. Today, let’s renew our resolve to work toward a more equal and just future for all. The Department of Homeland Security is tearing young children away from their parents. It is abhorrent. It is immoral. And the administration could stop this today. But since they won’t, Congress needs to step up. Every Democratic senator is co-sponsoring the Keep Families Together Act, but not one Republican has signed on. Call your senators and tell those who are with us to keep fighting and those who aren’t that you need them to take on this injustice. Raise your voice again and again.pic.twitter.com/IHTOSVLcTm Cages.   The government is tearing young children away from their parents, putting them in cages, sending them to tent cities.   This is beyond horrific. Please, make your outrage known today. … We can pass the Keep Families Together Act to stop the humanitarian crisis at our border, but only if you’re so loud your representatives have no choice but to do what’s right. Call Congress – and keep calling, marching and telling everyone you know to do the same. Susan B. Anthony’s bravery reminds us of the impact a single voice can have, and to raise our own as loudly as possible in the continued fight for equality today.pic.twitter.com/7dvwJKPgj1 Xiu Qing You was simply seeking to adjust his immigration status so that he could continue providing for his family.   ICE arrested and detained him. Now, he faces deportation and separation from his wife and kids.  This abject cruelty must stop. … A breastfeeding mother at a detention center had her daughter ripped away. Border agents tell parents they’re taking their children for a bath – but they don’t come back. There’s a humanitarian crisis at our border, and we have to fight it. But Trump won Arizona by four points, and Republicans are spending big to win this seat. So we have to make sure Kyrsten has the critical resources she needs to win and beat Joe Arpaio. Please donate now to defend our values and flip this red seat blue: … Public service is at the center of everything Kyrsten does. She overcame childhood homelessness to earn a full scholarship to college and run for the House, where she’s fought to create better opportunities for others. That’s the kind of determination we need in the Senate. We need to do everything we can to get my friend @kyrstensinema to the Senate because she’s fighting in Arizona for women, for families and for progress. Her GOP extremist opponent Joe Arpaio? We know he’ll only fight for misogyny, racism and bigotry. DACA was announced on this day in 2012, laying a foundation for Dreamers to build a future in the country they call home. But President Trump has put that chance in jeopardy. Let’s continue to fight for these young people to get a path to citizenship. "They’re passed over for promotions and raises. They’re fired when they complain."  Worth reading. The stories from these working mothers are deeply infuriating. … Most of us in NY know someone who has been affected by Lyme disease. But President Trump refuses to address this epidemic, so we need to speak out. Will you call on Congress to fund research to stop this disease? … The Trump administration is separating children from families escaping violence and extreme poverty at our border. We must do everything we can to stop this. That means calling your representatives, joining marches and protests, and telling everyone you know to join this fight. What a beautiful night for baseball! Spending time with family, friends, and colleagues at tonight’s Congressional Baseball Game.pic.twitter.com/s0LfM4V4NX I’m a cosponsor.   And yes, we can pass this bill—but we need you to raise your voice, loud and clear.  Pick up the phone, RT this tweet, or find an event near you today:   … Hosting a bipartisan dinner for women senators @belmontpaulnps this evening! I'm honored to get to host this dinner around so much history. The Silent Sentinels, a group of women who fought for suffrage, held up these banners to protest at the White House gates.pic.twitter.com/Mgd8oCYFEA This is wrong on every level. Absolutely unconscionable.   We’ve all read about dark moments in history and asked ourselves: What would I have done? We face that question now. Speak out. … I’m fighting to #PassMJIA to make sure survivors can report military sexual assault and harassment without fear of retaliation. They deserve a justice system worthy of their sacrifices, and we can help by speaking out now. Call your senators before they decide how to vote.pic.twitter.com/9sEdYDFKjC Ripping children from their parents and locking them in tent cities is a new low for this presidency. We should call these what they are – imprisonment camps. And it’s happening in our own country. We can’t let this become who we are. Last night on @TheDailyShow, @GoLiveLifeWell, Col. Don Christensen and I sat down with @Trevornoah to discuss how to stop sexual assault in our military. Join this fight and call your senators at (202) 224-3121 to demand justice for survivors and #PassMJIA  … I hope North Korea is serious about this effort and determined to join the international community. And I encourage the Trump administration to do the hard work of getting a strong, verifiable agreement. President Trump’s meeting with North Korea was the first step on a long road ahead. But now comes the hard work of getting real concessions out of North Korea and putting in place monitoring and verification mechanisms to ensure our security and the security of our allies. While I believe that diplomacy is our best route to peaceful solutions, a deal with North Korea should never come at the expense of our own principles. We need to be unafraid to stand up for human rights—and we must never abandon our commitment to our allies. Today, we stand with the LGBTQ community and remember the 49 people who lost their lives in the horrific shooting at Pulse nightclub two years ago. Let’s honor them by demanding that Congress finally take action on gun violence to prevent these senseless tragedies. Great thread from the incredible team @TIMESUPNOW about why we must #PassMJIA: … The Senate could vote on MJIA any day. Now’s the time to speak out. Click below to call your senators – tell your friends to call, too – and sign the petition to demand justice for survivors. We must come together to stop sexual assault in our military.  I'm joining @GoLiveLifeWell and Col. Don Christensen of @ProtectRDfnders to discuss the Military Justice Improvement Act on tonight's episode of @TheDailyShow. Learn more about what we're fighting for by tuning in at 11pm/10pm central. #PassMJIApic.twitter.com/jp8zGb5gP0 Today's SCOTUS decision is a huge, disappointing setback for voting rights.   I urge you to speak out—and please, know your power this November. Vote out every cynical politician working to suppress our sacred right to vote.  Let’s not dance around it: By denying asylum to domestic violence victims fleeing their abusers, the administration will cost women their lives. It shows how little this administration cares about people who are suffering. This is an attack on our most fundamental values. … .@SenGillibrand, @DianneFeinstein, @elizabethforma and I are calling on @USGAO to help quantify the economic impacts of untold economic costs companies incur as a result of sexual harassment — including decreased productivity, increased turnover, and reputational harm. … If you live in VA, NV, ND, ME or SC, make sure you vote in tomorrow’s primaries. We have an opportunity to give a record number of women a seat at the table this election cycle. Let’s keep raising our voices, let’s keep voting and let’s keep leading this resistance! See you tonight, @trevornoah! … #NetNeutrality protections end today, but let’s be clear: Our fight is far from over. The Senate voted to save the free and open internet—now, it's up to the House to do the right thing. We must all keep speaking out. Congress needs to act now. Let’s remind them that our fellow Americans need our help. We need to refocus on PR. We need to demand an investigation into the full death toll and the inadequate federal response. And we need a new Marshall Plan to help the islands rebuild and heal. As hurricane season begins, too many in PR still continue to suffer in the wake of Hurricane Maria. This storm was one of the deadliest natural disasters in U.S. history, and it devastated the island’s infrastructure, leaving people without clean water, power or medicine. The Annual National Puerto Rican Day Parade is a chance to celebrate the many contributions Puerto Ricans have made to our country. But as we come together today, we need to remember the reality that continues to unfold and think about how we can help in their time of need.pic.twitter.com/a99hKMu8OW Today, on the 55th anniversary of the #EqualPayAct, we’re reminded that the fight for equality is not over. Women are still facing wage inequality today. It’s time to raise our voices and demand equal pay for equal work. It’s time for Congress to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct. Each and every one of us has the power to make a difference. Each and every voice has the power to change the world. So stand up, speak out and never back down.pic.twitter.com/cY6jxPtMFh .@SusieLeeNV is running to fight for public education, improve Obamacare and protect women's rights in #NV03. She’s facing the most expensive Nevada House race this cycle and needs our urgent support. Will you make sure Susie wins by giving $5 now? … We need @RosenforNevada in the Senate. But she’s facing a tough race this fall against a flood of dark money. She needs our full support to win this race and take back the Senate. Will you send Jacky just $5 now to help her flip this seat blue? … As we’ve come together to stand behind Democratic women this year, we’ve seen victory after victory in primaries across the country. Now, we need to keep the momentum going on Tuesday in NV, ME, ND, VA and SC, and support women who are fighting to change the face of Congress! I'm so honored to fight with YOU! Thank you for putting this together—I'll have to check if I can make it, but appreciate all that the amazing #LWTSQUAD does. … These children will never forget that when they arrived in the United States, the government ripped them away from their parents. It's sickening and I'll fight back as hard as I can. That’s why I’m cosponsoring @SenFeinstein's bill to halt this inhumane practice. … I was completely devastated after reading these stories. The Trump administration is carrying out a cruel, heartless, and unnecessary practice that will undoubtedly traumatize a generation of young children. … When women raise our voices, we’re a force for good as great as any this world has ever seen – especially when we do it together. Keep speaking out. Let’s name our ambitions: Reply to tell me about yours!pic.twitter.com/bMU0vx7zET On Sunday, July 22, I'm heading to OZY Fest in Central Park, joining an exciting lineup of performances and panels. If you're in New York City, you should swing by! You can buy tickets here:   #ozyfest ICE is acting recklessly and failing to respect human dignity. This administration's approach to immigration enforcement is cruel and extreme, and does not represent who we are as a country. Congress has to act. We must hold ICE accountable and stand up for human rights. Health care should be a right, not a privilege. The Trump administration is trying to destroy the Affordable Care Act by refusing to defend it in court, another move that could force the middle class to pay more for insurance, or lose coverage altogether. Our families in New York and across the country deserve better. From @CWSoftballGame practice this morning. Feeling pretty good about this game. Team press better watch out!pic.twitter.com/px8tF4Dx17 I'll not stop fighting to fix our military justice system. This week, I filed my bill, the Military Justice Improvement Act, as an amendment to the 2019 defense spending bill with @ChuckGrassley. Please help #PassMJIA and speak out for the reforms our service members deserve. The #EqualPayAct was passed 55 years ago, but the pay gap still exists. Gender or race should never impact your paycheck. This discrimination hurts women, working families and our economy. That’s why we need to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct to ensure equal pay, no matter what. I was almost as excited about the chance to warm up my pitching arm as I was about seeing the room full of engaged, motivated people getting off the sidelines at last night’s @runforsomething event! Because when women run, we win! (Just like my cornhole game against @CoryBooker)pic.twitter.com/b1WKXpGJUc It is completely shameful for ICE to separate a father from his wife and kids like this. This administration's approach to immigration enforcement is inhumane, plain and simple, and does not make our country safer. We need answers and accountability. … Stories like Heath’s are the reason why I will never stop fighting for our military justice system to be more fair, more accountable, and more transparent. … It’s already abundantly clear that Trump and the GOP’s sabotage of our health care system will hurt many of our families. In New York, insurers are seeking an average 24% increase for premiums in 2019—double what it would have been without the repeal of the individual mandate. Getting to the polls is one of the best ways to make real change. The last few months of progressive wins prove that when we come together, nothing can stop us. So if you live in AL, CA, IA, MS, MT, NJ, NM or SD, #vote in the June 5 primary! Your voice matters. Your vote counts.pic.twitter.com/12BwCOUqQu Harmful and disappointing ruling from the Supreme Court this morning. Companies shouldn't discriminate against members of our community because of who they love and who they are, period. … The president’s repeated attempts to undermine the Special Counsel’s investigation are extremely troubling — Congress must move to protect it without any delay. … We need to show we truly value women by addressing the tragic reality of maternal mortality. A woman in the U.S. is three times more likely to die during childbirth than in Britain or Canada – and it’s worse for black women. We have to fight for better care for new moms. So today, on National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we #WearOrange to remember the families and communities that have been torn apart by this country’s gun violence epidemic. Today, we honor them by speaking out to demand a better future. A future free from gun violence.pic.twitter.com/UyCqvfdwEW We have a gun violence epidemic in our country, and it claims 96 lives every day. But lawmakers haven’t come close to addressing this senseless violence. How many is too many? When is enough finally enough? The time for action is long overdue. .@DianneFeinstein has broken down barriers her entire career, and she continues to be an inspiration and advocate for women in the Senate. We need her voice and vote more than ever, so I hope you’ll rush $5 or more to make sure she wins her primary: … .@tanziefornj is a former teacher and Blue Star Mother running in #NJ02 to fight for a more inclusive, progressive future. But she’s counting on supporters like you to raise enough ahead of her must-win Tuesday primary – will you send $5 to her campaign? … In #IA01, @Abby4Iowa is fighting for women’s rights, affordable education and quality health care. She needs a strong show of support from us to win this primary and keep fighting to become a powerful voice in Congress. Give just $5 to help Abby win! … After nearly 20 years as an attorney taking on special interests, @katieporteroc is ready to bring that fight to Congress. We need her voice for working families, so donate just $5 right now to help her secure this critical #CA45 primary! … In #CA39, @DocTran2018 is running to protect the values and opportunities that allowed her to overcome tremendous odds as a child refugee in America. Will you make sure Mai has the resources she needs to win on Tuesday by giving $5 right now? … A record number of women are running for office this year! Here are just a few candidates with primaries on June 5 I want to make sure you know about – because raising your voice at the polls and electing these women candidates is exactly how we’ll change the future. I’m still in. … Gun violence isn’t inevitable or untouchable. We can overcome it, but it’ll take all of us raising our voices again and again and again, today and every day. Please keep speaking out. #WearOrange “The first step is telling the truth—the next step is changing the system.”  @GretchenCarlson writes about last week’s forced arbitration ruling in the Supreme Court, what it means for the #MeToo movement, and how we can fight back. … Each day, the incredible leaders and fighters of our LGBTQ communities inspire us all with their strength, their love, and their countless acts of courage.   You have so much to be proud of, and I'm proud to celebrate and fight alongside you. Happy #PrideMonth!  Major General Bannister was an exceptional leader who dedicated his entire life to this country. His legacy will not be forgotten. My deepest condolences go out to his family and to the Fort Drum and 10th Mountain Division community. … I hope you’ll read this. Veteran Alonzo Neese, a gun owner and former NRA member, shares why he’s joining the fight against the gun lobby.   Alonzo, thank you for your service—and for lending your voice to the movement for common-sense gun laws. … Workplace harassment is clearly a drag on our economy, but we don't know by how much, in part because @BLS_gov absurdly said that it's too “complex and costly” to compile data. I’m now asking @USGAO for information. I'll keep fighting to get this data. … If you believe as fiercely as I do that America is better than ripping children from the arms of asylum seekers, we need to show it. Send support to organizations providing legal aid and other assistance to families suffering these injustices: … Children are being ripped from the arms of their mothers at our southern border because of policy made and implemented by the Trump administration. This is who we are until enough of us speak out to demand better. When mothers came to our southern border desperate for help, they expected to meet the America the world believes in: one that opens its arms to those in need. Instead, they’re having their children ripped from their arms. We need to fight every day to regain our conscience. No way, @LACaldwellDC. Team Congress is ready to play and ready to WIN! … While many try to deride and undermine our unions, the truth is, unions are leading the fight to reward work, for every worker. If we want to rebuild the middle class with good wages, safe jobs, & retirement and healthcare benefits, we should look to them. … Thanks to all who are working so hard to ensure the @Sept11Memorial recognizes the responders and survivors still suffering from 9/11 related illnesses—and all those we have lost since 9/11. It is crucial for the whole story of 9/11 to be told. This is a great step forward. … This new report demands answers from the federal government about what happened to our fellow citizens in crisis. … On this day in 1851, abolitionist Sojourner Truth stood up to demand equal rights for all women and for black Americans in her famous ‘Ain’t I A Woman’ speech, showing this generation of activists that a single voice has the power to make a difference.pic.twitter.com/QfwM4eomE6 Please watch my friend @ValerieJarrett respond to yet another example of everyday racism. As allies in this fight, it's our responsibility to call out racism and bigotry wherever and whenever we might see it. … Today, on Memorial Day, as we spend time with family and friends, we honor the women and men in uniform who gave their lives to protect us. We’re grateful today and every day to those who have served. .@AbbyWambach shared some incredible wisdom with the women of @BarnardCollege's graduating class (and with all of us):   Make failure your fuel. Lead from the bench. Champion each other. Demand the ball.   If you haven't watched this speech yet, you must! … Justice Ginsburg is right: The Supreme Court’s ruling on forced arbitration is “egregiously wrong” and undermines workers’ well-being. We need to raise our voices together and demand Congress restore workers' rights to hold their employers accountable.pic.twitter.com/YTw6xOjqTv The Trump administration's domestic gag rule should enrage us all. I’m tired of the relentless attempts to roll back women's access to health care. #NoGagRule This administration’s immigration policies are heartless and infuriating. Congress must immediately demand accountability and transparency to safeguard against future abuses. ICE must cease splitting families at the border. America is better than this, and we need to show it. Progress seldom comes fast, and it’s never easy. But when we come together to fight for our rights, we have the capacity to change. We have the capacity to become more fair and just and recognize the values of every person. I am in awe of what the fearless women of Ireland accomplished yesterday. They activated and organized for years to fight for the right to make decisions about their own bodies, and yesterday, the country voted to #RepealThe8th. I need my friend @kyrstensinema by my side in the Senate to defend our values and take our country forward, never backward. But she’s running in Arizona against the racist, misogynistic Joe Arpaio. Will you donate now to help her flip this red seat blue? … While you weren’t looking, President Trump quietly moved to undermine public sector unions and the rights of our federal workers. … In a blatant attack on women’s reproductive rights, the Trump administration’s “gag rule” would go further than ever to undermine Roe v. Wade. That’s why I’m fighting back with a Senate resolution that opposes this horrible policy alongside @SenatorBaldwin and @PattyMurray.pic.twitter.com/kNwFuV7prT  … We will not stay silent. Women will lead the charge against Trump's harmful domestic gag rule. Today, in the Senate, I'm proud to join @PattyMurray and @SenatorBaldwin on a resolution to fight back against one of the most harmful attacks yet on women’s reproductive health. The new domestic "gag rule" is another attempt by the Trump administration to take away women's access to critical health care, that will deprive them of the right to make their own health care choices.   If you are enraged, speak out. It's more important than ever. #NoGagRule We’ve now shown that we can work together to make progress on this issue, and there is every reason to keep pushing for more—here in Congress and in workplaces across the country. That’s exactly what we plan to do. … These reforms are commonsense—and I'm optimistic that we can finish the job and get this bill signed into law.   Until then, do not remain silent. Let’s keep fighting for change in workplaces across the country. The Senate just passed bipartisan reforms to fix Congress's broken process for reporting sexual harassment, and finally end taxpayer-funded harassment settlements. This is a big step in the right direction towards transparency and accountability. Our troops sacrifice a great deal for the American people. They deserve our continued support. I was proud to work with my colleagues to secure another well-deserved pay raise for our service members. … Congress should focus on rewarding work and protecting families, not helping big banks make more money. … In November, we have an incredible opportunity to take back the House and Senate, and we’ll need you and everyone you know to vote. Get registered at  . Throughout the primary season, women have run and women have won. Some incredible organizations have been by their sides. Check out @EmergeAmerica, @VoteRunLead, @runforsomething, @emilyslist, @HigherHeights and @getots, and help them elect more women! .@AmyMcGrathKY once trailed by 47 points in her primary. Forty-seven. No matter the odds, if we run strong candidates who stand firm for a set of shared values, there’s nothing we can’t do. Democrats are going into November behind candidates like @LucyWins2018, @LupeValdez, @staceyabrams and @ginaortizjones. Our party looks like the future. Women in leadership are the future. We must remain focused on finishing this fight by passing this bill once it comes to the Senate floor. I hope you’ll keep raising your voice. Let’s hold members of Congress accountable, and make sure taxpayers are never again left with the tab for lawmakers’ harassment scandals. Today, Senate leadership announced a bipartisan deal on legislation to address sexual harassment in Congress. This is such an important step toward finally ending a system that is designed to protect harassers in the halls of Congress. .@realDonaldTrump, here are some more firsts for you: Record numbers of women are marching, speaking out, fighting back and running for office. And come November, we’re going to win back the House and Senate. … From the beginning of Amy’s race, @getots has been by her side. Now we need to help her bring it home. Can you make a donation of $5 or more now to help Amy start the general election with the money and momentum she needs to win? … Amy was the first woman in the Marine Corps to fly into combat in an F-18, and she went on to fly 89 missions in places like Iraq and Afghanistan. She’s already given so much to her country. With our support, she’s ready to give even more. This is just the first step. We all have to come together now. Electing candidates like Amy is how we fight for a future that’s just and inclusive. Congratulations to @AmyMcGrathKY on securing the Democratic nomination in KY-6. We’re ready to fight alongside you for victory and to take back the House in November. Thrilled to help launch @voterunlead + @wework's #WomensLeadershipWorks partnership tonight. A great discussion with @AliciaMenendez. Thanks to all for having me!pic.twitter.com/P3CTUqbRol Tonight @WeWork & @VoteRunLead officially kick-off our powerful #WomensLeadershipWorks partnership, bringing #RunAsYouAre training to 4 states: #NewYork #Florida #Texas #Illinois! With @SenGillibrand @IlhanMN @jmpalmieri @Elise_Jordan @AliciaMenendez @macnyc @Jehmu @erinvilardi !pic.twitter.com/wOQep8Mpiz If you live in Texas, your vote in today’s primary runoff is so important. @ginaortizjones in #TX23, @mjhegar in #TX31 and @Lillian_Salerno in #TX32 are counting on your support. Women won big in Texas in March, and if we all come together today, we can do it again! If you live in #GA06, or know someone who does, make sure you support @LucyWins2018 in today’s primary election! She’s a mother, businesswoman and social justice activist running to fight for families and make Georgia’s communities safer. Spread the word and vote for Lucy today! .@AmyMcGrathKY has her primary election today. She’s running to continue a life of service to our country and fighting for women to have a seat at the table. Vote for Amy, and make sure everyone you know in #KY06 turns out for her. This is how we'll change this country. If you live in GA, your vote for @staceyabrams for #GAGov is a vote for affordable childcare, an economic agenda to lift families out of poverty & universal access to health care. If you know someone in GA, call them today and ask them to go vote. We can win if we come together. … There are incredible women candidates on ballots across the country today, in primaries and in runoffs. Over the next hour, I’m going to share information on some races critical to taking back the House. If you live in GA, AR, TX or KY, make your voice heard and vote today! Last week, I sat down with @Kasie to discuss our fight to reform the way Congress handles sexual harassment. I'm hopeful that we are able finish what we started, so that taxpayers no longer have to foot the bill for politicans' sexual harassment scandals.pic.twitter.com/2M7Xic37hx So impressed by the teams at @IceStoneLLC and Brooklyn Stone and Tile. Not only do they bring quality manufacturing jobs to Brooklyn, they're also employee owned and choose to invest in their workers. Enjoyed my tour of the facilities today with @NydiaVelazquez.pic.twitter.com/19gxBuZZLg Dana Baiocco has spent her career helping companies avoid responsibility for making harmful products. Why on earth should she sit on the Consumer Product Safety Commission? Today, the Senate votes on her nomination. I'm voting NO, and hope you'll speak out too. This decision could have devastating consequences for workers, who might now be forced to choose between keeping their jobs and pursuing justice over discrimination or sexual harassment cases. … Yesterday, I had a fanatstic coffee meeting @SylviasSoulFood with @SheenaWrightNYC of @unitedwaynyc! Thanks to all who popped over to say hi!pic.twitter.com/gUi77f1xp7 I draw inspiration from trailblazing women who shaped our country’s history. Their stories are as relevant today as ever. I wrote a children’s book about 10 women who fought for what’s right and taught each generation that followed to be bold and brave:  …pic.twitter.com/F1Nz6HFiXN Lucy is facing a tough primary fight on Tuesday, and we need to send her our urgent support! Will you donate $5 right now to help Lucy take this fight to Washington? … .@LucyWins2018 is a mother, wife, businesswoman and social justice activist fighting to flip #GA06 blue in November! She’s running to end the senseless gun violence against young black men in this country that took the life of her son over five years ago. Today Cmsr Salas joined @SenGillibrand and recent college grads to talk about the financial burdens caused by the growing student loan debt crisis and the need for stronger protections.pic.twitter.com/jdMlYE5rdf But just days ago the Trump admin decided to eliminate a program that protects graduates from predatory student loan practices. Today in NYC, I’m calling for new oversight to protect students, and for policies that will help reduce debt for our graduates, not hold them back. It’s graduation season! As we congratulate all who are finishing up school this year, here’s my wish for our college graduates: For Congress to solve the student debt crisis that is creating tremendous hardship for an entire generation of young people. I’ve been on the campaign trail with young kids, and I couldn’t have juggled those long days and late nights without childcare. This decision tears down a huge financial barrier for parents – especially mothers – thinking about getting #OffTheSidelines. … If we’re going to change our politics, we need to change who our leaders are. @staceyabrams is the kind of leader we need. But she’s in the final push in her Georgia governor’s primary. Can you give now to help her reach every voter she needs to win? … I still don’t understand how lawmakers in this country continue to think that it’s their job to tell women what to do with their health care. Heartbreaking, unbearable news out of Santa Fe, TX, the latest community to be torn apart by a horrific school shooting. How many more families and communities must grieve? Enough is enough. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand on the Trump administration proposing a rule that could strip Planned Parenthood funding: “I think this is an issue that should enrage the American public, particularly women, because it’s an attack on them”    This is an attack on Planned Parenthood. It’s an attack on choice. It’s an attack on women’s rights.  Women’s health is not a political bargaining chip. Period. We have to raise our voices like never before to defend the right to choose and stand with @PPact. … No need to look too far! We have a great bill you could support. The #FAMILYAct would allow every American worker up to 12 weeks of paid leave to care for a new child, a sick family member, or a personal medical emergency, for the cost of a cup of coffee a week. … Someone who refuses to say torture is immoral, and who was engaged in destroying evidence of torture, should not be running the CIA.   For that reason, I voted NO on Gina Haspel's nomination today. The House passed reform 100 days ago. It is long past time for the Senate to act. There is no reasonable excuse for our inaction. … On the one-year anniversary of the Mueller investigation’s start, I’m renewing my call for the Senate to put a bipartisan bill on the floor to protect the special counsel. We can’t allow this president to put himself above the rule of law. New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand will take to the Senate floor Thursday attempting to utilize a rare procedural maneuver -- known as Rule 14 -- to try to force Senate leadership's hand to advance sexual harassment legislation  pic.twitter.com/gMlOXZGi9G I often tell people that on a good day, Congress is still 20 years behind the rest of the country. It is in our power, right now, to make sexual harassment the exception to that rule. We’ve waited 100 days. Let’s not wait any longer. The more time that goes by without addressing this broken system, the more people suffer. Passing reform would show that Congress is finally taking this problem seriously—and in the Senate, members of both parties want to get this done.   All we need is the chance to vote. I’ve been trying to work with anyone willing to work with me to pass meaningful reform. My bill, the Congressional Harassment Reform Act, would make sure lawmakers pay for their own harassment settlements—and it would fix our broken process for reporting harassment in Congress. Every wasted day leaves those who've experienced harassment trapped in a broken system designed to keep them from coming forward. Meanwhile, taxpayers are stuck paying the tab for the cost of politicians’ harassment settlements. 100 days ago, the House unanimously passed a bipartisan bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. As of today, the Senate has yet to bring this up for a vote. Nothing has moved. They each have a long race and tough fights ahead of them, and they need our support every step of the way between now and November to flip the House blue. Will you give $5 to help these four women fight to change the face of Congress? … They are stepping forward to fight for a seat at the decision-making table and give a voice to the issues that matter most to women. Democrats must pick up 23 seats across the country to take back the House, and getting these women elected in PA is the key to making it happen. Congratulations to the four women candidates for Congress in PA on their victories in last night’s primary! @mad4pa, @marygayscanlon, @HoulahanForPa and @wildforcongress will make this PA’s last year without a woman in its congressional delegation. “The Senate still hasn’t taken action.” I’ve been tweeting this, day after day, as the Senate fails to make sure members of Congress who commit sexual harassment are held accountable. We must demand taxpayers never again foot the bill for a politician’s scandal settlement.pic.twitter.com/IwHPMnrBZZ Wonderful news! The Senate just voted to reverse the @FCC's rollback of #NetNeutrality. Now, it's up to the House to do the right thing. Thank you for speaking up, and keep making yourself heard as we continue fighting for a free and open internet. The Senate votes TODAY to restore #NetNeutrality, but the vote will be close. It's up to us all to fight, because to attack net neutrality is to attack free speech. Don't stay silent: Make your voice heard, right now, to help save the internet as we know it. As Gillibrand notes, on Feb. 6, the House passed H.R.4924, the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act - which intends to bring more transparency, accountability, and stronger protections for congressional employees. … It has been 99 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.   Taxpayers should never have to pay for politicians’ sexual harassment settlements. This should be something we all agree on. … In the richest country in the world, we don’t have to settle for unemployment and underemployment. We can help create jobs that shift power back to workers and our communities – we just have to fight for it.pic.twitter.com/K8VygXaA0S Our dairy farmers are losing money on every pound of milk they produce, no matter how hard they work. This crisis is right in our own backyard—and it’s time to solve it, now. … An honor to speak at @amprog's 2018 Ideas Conference, and to discuss all of the ways women are leading the resistance with an amazing panel of women leaders @MariaTeresa1 @FGossGraves @cecilerichards @jmpalmieri!pic.twitter.com/h8fgtkFko0 It has been 98 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. Outrageous. In fear of a "public relations nightmare," the White House and @EPAScottPruitt are failing to protect public health. Victims of PFOA and PFOS contamination, and their families, deserve answers. This report should be released immediately. … In Utica today with local business owners to discuss a bill I've been championing, the Microloan Modernization Act. The bill, which makes it easier for minority and women small business owners to access capital, will soon be heading to the Senate floor for a vote!pic.twitter.com/cds4uM4oHX It has been 97 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.  Speak out today. Call on the Senate to finally pass a bill to require politicians to pay for their own sexual harassment settlements. It has been 96 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. We’re tired of waiting. … As a working mom and a lawmaker, Mother's Day for me raises the question of whether we as a country value women every day of the year. If you look at the landscape for working mothers in America, we can do much better. I wrote more for the @NYDailyNews: … There are tough fights ahead for a fairer and more equal future, but I know my mother wouldn’t flinch at them. We won’t, either. Happy Mother’s Day to the strongest women out there. That’s why this Mother’s Day, I’m reflecting on my mom’s sacrifices and on all the work we need to do so women don’t have to sacrifice so much. We need to pass paid family leave, end the gender pay gap and ensure every woman has access to quality and affordable health care. For as long as I can remember, I’ve wanted to be like my mom. Her endless hard work – in the face of the same obstacles and sexism still holding women back – keeps me fighting every day.pic.twitter.com/Jopp29m9RZ Gwen Graham is a true champion for progressive values, who cares deeply about people over politics. I'd be so glad to see her in the Florida governor's office. … It has been 95 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. There is something so backward, so wrong, when black women are 3-4 times more likely to die from avoidable pregnancy-related complications.   If we truly care about valuing women, and by that I mean valuing all women, then we must address this shocking maternal mortality crisis. … I’ve introduced legislation to increase transparency and accountability for the actions of our border patrol agents. Keeping our country safe shouldn’t come at a cost to basic constitutional rights. … It has been 94 days since the House passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.   I want your thoughts: Should the Senate pass a bipartisan bill to require politicians to pay for their own sexual harassment settlements? It’s often on your to-do list. Head to the bank, run by the post office, but imagine a one-stop-shop combining the two. It’s a proposal @SenGillibrand is floating that would establish banks within the postal service, and at the same time try to limit predatory payday lenders.pic.twitter.com/L3MccjB054 Every day, teachers give their all to help our kids succeed. This #TeacherAppreciationWeek, it’s not enough to thank them – we need to stand by their sides in the fight for fair pay and more resources for their students and their classrooms. Anything less shortchanges our future. It was fun to join @SenGillibrand today for a @StopBigMoney Facebook Live! We’re so lucky to have a leader like her in the Senate.pic.twitter.com/RPNRtN68Cv Some very exciting news this week: The House passed a bill, the Main Street Employee Ownership Act, that would support small businesses that invest in and reward their workers through employee ownership. I look forward to fighting to get my companion bill passed in the Senate. … We’re live! I’m joining @Tiffany_Muller of @StopBigMoney to talk about the fight to reform our broken campaign finance system and my corporate PAC pledge for 2018. Join us (and stay for the money in politics trivia game!):  … It has been 93 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. We must keep fighting until justice is possible. Let’s keep listening to survivors, believing their stories and working alongside them for a system of justice worthy of their service. … I just noticed Gillibrand is tweeting this every day that goes by.  Maybe I will tweet why every day: Because some anonymous GOP male senators don't like the idea of paying out of pocket for their misconduct. Really.  … … Every worker should have a voice, and the right to join together to fight for the pay and protections they deserve. That’s why we need strong unions. I was proud to join @BernieSanders to intro the Workplace Democracy Act to strengthen the rights of more workers to unionize. … Soon, the Senate will vote on a resolution to try to save #NetNeutrality, but my colleagues and I need one more vote to pass it. It's time for us all to make our voices heard for a free and open internet. Will you contact your Senators today? This stalled legislation would, among other things, require lawmakers to pay harassment settlements out of their own pocket, instead of sticking that to the taxpayer … It has been 92 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. When we’ve raised our voices loudly, when we’ve stood together against long odds, we’ve limited the damage done by this administration and Congress. We need to do it again now. An injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us – especially when they go after kids. .@washingtonpost says President Trump is proposing cuts to #CHIP and Obamacare to “temper conservative angst over ballooning budget deficits.” When donors want giveaways, they write blank checks – but when kids and families need help, they turn their backs. After passing a $1.5 trillion tax cut that benefits the wealthiest Americans and the biggest, richest corporations the most, Republicans are moving on to their next act: a reprehensible plan to cut the Children’s Health Insurance Program. It took years of coordinated international sanctions, coupled with diplomacy, to reach this deal. It's a mistake to think we can simply restart this process with a clean slate. I hope that other parties in the deal continue to abide by it, and I urge the president to reconsider. Leaving the Iran Deal costs our country the ability to maintain a coalition to hold Iran accountable; and it severely undermines our country’s credibility. It’s especially troubling as the Trump Administration prepares to negotiate with North Korea. By walking away from the Iran Deal, President Trump has made a shortsighted, dangerous mistake. The deal gave us the ability to aggressively monitor and verify Iran's behavior. This move only opens the door to Iran going back to developing a nuclear weapons program. I sat down with @theskimm to talk about the Iran Deal, why it was such an important diplomatic breakthrough and why it's critical that the U.S. continues to enforce it: … It has been 91 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. The CIA's torture of detainees was wrong and un-American. Gina Haspel, President Trump's choice for CIA Director, played a role in the program and its eventual cover-up. She shouldn’t lead this agency, and I will oppose her nomination. During Lent, I visited the @colbertlateshow. Here are some "confessions" I made while I was there... … What a beautiful day to be in Saranac Lake! I joined the Adirondack North Country Association to talk about my bipartisan employee ownership legislation, and what it will take for our country to start rewarding work again.pic.twitter.com/ux1sQwKMla It has been 90 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. An idea whose time has come? @SenGillibrand Says Post Offices Could Give Low-Income Americans Access To Financial Services  Women know the people and things we love are at risk. Every day, let's support one another in fighting for them. We can change this country in November. We can come together behind commonsense reforms. We can stand up to the NRA and gun manufacturers – because our safety and lives are too important not to. We need to keep up a relentless fight against the NRA. While the gun lobby is celebrating profits for gun manufacturers, I ask that you spend a little time researching the election in front of us and the candidates on the ballot ready to stand up to the NRA. At the NRA convention, Vice President Mike Pence called the gun lobby “one of the most potent forces for good in the United States of America.” After all the tragedies families and communities have endured, this is unconscionable. Marianne & Lois lost their daughters in a tragic underride crash. Now, they're fighting hard for truck safety. I'm proud to work on their behalf, and for the thousands of families who have lost loved ones, to pass the Stop Underrides Act to help prevent these terrible accidents. … I joined @NTFP_Official, @PHInational & CHCA to hear stories of New Yorkers who lack access to basic financial services. With few options, these families are left vulnerable to predatory banking, which hurts our communities. It's clear that solutions like Postal Banking can help.pic.twitter.com/0vAfdUX9vy This morning, I met with these remarkable women in the Bronx. They're relentless forces for positivity and change in their communities. They shared their priorities and their fights, and I can't wait to keep working with them. … I introduced the SNAP for KIDS Act to fight for the right of every child to have access to healthy food. We need to raise our voices: both to defeat the GOP Farm Bill and provide more support for kids and families who are counting on getting help when they need it. When millions of children go to bed hungry each night and struggle to focus in schools because they haven’t had enough to eat, the last thing we should do is cut assistance. We should expand it. There’s a hunger crisis in this country, and Republicans in Congress are determined to make it worse. Their Farm Bill would cut billions of dollars from nutrition assistance programs families rely on to put food on the table. It was my honor to celebrate the resilient, creative & hardworking @madeinnyc community. You’re showing the world that “Made in NYC” is one of the best labels a product can have. I will keep fighting alongside you to make sure manufacturing is prioritized and work is rewarded.pic.twitter.com/hBcA3PAu88 I sat down with Jessica Lipps from @onMogul to discuss what gave me the courage to first run for office, how I balance being a mom and a senator, and what a record number of women running for office means for the future. … It’s time to tackle the root causes of economic injustice. We must summon the will to address the wealth inequality gap that has been built upon a history of exclusion. Let’s put our vision on the table, and fight hard for it, so that we can rebuild the middle class. No one should be forced to go without lifesaving care because it’s not affordable. That’s why I’m fighting for Medicare for All. We need to keep raising our voices for a public option. A former member of the Trump administration just admitted what we’ve known all along: They’ve increased the cost of health coverage. That means more families faced with heart-wrenching questions: Can I afford to be covered? Can I afford my child’s medicine? .@SenGillibrand touts women at #Rotterdam steel plant:  …pic.twitter.com/LPaMQasuVB Collecting important data would help to reveal the true scope of the costs of sexual harassment in the workplace. The Department of Labor's justification for not doing so is completely disappointing. … The Senate must act now to protect Mueller's investigation. What on earth are we waiting for? No more excuses, let's vote on this the first day we are back in session. … Former HHS Sec. Price admitted that repealing the individual mandate will raise health coverage costs. It’s clearer than ever the GOP’s closed-door dealings had nothing to do with protecting families and everything to do with carving out giveaways to special interests and donors. … It is sickening that some of the same people who were involved with underpaying survivors of Superstorm Sandy are still at it, and that FEMA is failing to protect its policyholders who need their help. FEMA should clean house, but it's also clear that FEMA will not fix itself. … Over 80 days after the House unanimously passed a bipartisan bill to end taxpayer-paid settlements of sexual harassment cases by members of Congress, the Senate still hasn’t taken action.   That needs to change. … For over 20 years, every Secretary of Defense has pledged zero tolerance for sexual assault in the military. They have failed at their mission. This new report from the Pentagon may come with new platitudes, but the end result is unchanged. … Employee ownership is also good for business. Companies see an increase in productivity by 4 to 5% the year the business becomes employee-owned. They are less likely than comparable businesses to lay off workers in economic downturns, and they are less likely to go bankrupt. Why is employee ownership such a good idea? It rewards work by:   • Paying workers 5 to 12% more. • Workers having 2.2x more in retirement savings. • Giving workers greater job stability. … Employee ownership is good for businesses, workers, and our local economy. Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs) and co-ops help workers share in the success of their companies, and they reduce the risk of businesses leaving communities. Today, I'm traveling around Central NY and the Capital Region to talk about my bipartisan employee ownership legislation. This idea was inspired by the hardworking New Yorkers I met while visiting all 62 counties last year.pic.twitter.com/LKR3VZzPLV In my experience, the best ideas do not come from Washington. They’ve come straight from conversations with New Yorkers about their stories, about what works, what doesn’t work, and what meaningful change looks like.pic.twitter.com/nQmv0axpwf Sending my best wishes to @CecileRichards on her last day as president of @PPFA. #ThankYouCecile for your brilliance, your tenacity, and for all you've done to advance women's rights and expand access to reproductive healthcare. You inspire us all to keep fighting alongside you! The evidence is all around. Secretary Mattis and the Department of Defense are twisting themselves into knots to fit a discriminatory policy based on a hateful tweet from the president. … It’s so inspiring to think of all we could accomplish with more women in Congress. I wanted to make sure you’re following @getots to join me and a whole community organizing for just that: to get more women #OffTheSidelines and into office to shape our future. Giving our underserved communities access to basic financial tools could empower them to build wealth for generations, and escape the poverty trap of predatory financial products. A postal bank would be a simple solution that would finally give everyone access to these services. … 