Tune in today at 2:30 to watch the hearing live →   Michigan families have been unknowingly exposed to toxic PFAS chemicals for years. At my urging, the Senate is holding its first hearing today at 2:30 to find out just how dangerous they are & more.  Glad to see you’re back at it again, John! … It’s the 21st century. Senators should be required to file financial reports electronically so voters can easily look up who is supporting their campaigns. It’s a commonsense step to boost transparency—I’m glad it’s now the law.  While Deputy AG Rosenstein's job hangs in the balance, it’s vital Congress acts to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. Russia is still actively trying to interfere in our elections. Our national security depends on Mueller finishing his investigation free of politics … One year ago today #HurricaneMaria made landfall in Puerto Rico. Nearly 3,000 people have lost their lives since. The devastation continues to impact the island enormously & I reiterate my call for a congressional hearing on how the response went so wrong  New information about Judge Kavanaugh has come to light. It’s not unreasonable - in fact, it’s the normal course of action - that the FBI look into these allegations … Pleased that the Senate passed legislation to ensure creators of recorded music are fairly compensated for their work. The innovative artists, songwriters and producers of the legendary @ClassicMotown sound have long deserved equal treatment under copyright law. Saddened to hear of David DiChiera’s passing. His passion and vision showed us the power the arts have to revitalize communities and bring us closer together. Today’s vibrant downtown Detroit is a part of his legacy.  Happy birthday 71st birthday @usairforce and thank you to the millions of airmen who’ve made America’s  #AIRPOWER the greatest in the world! #AFBday Thanks to @macombchamber for having me today! Enjoyed taking questions from community leaders on the future of defense manufacturing in Michigan and recapping my trip to South Korea.pic.twitter.com/AtJce81EB4 Wishing my friend @johndingell a speedy recovery. Look forward to having you and your jokes back on Twitter soon! These allegations against Judge Kavanaugh are extremely serious. Professor Ford deserves the opportunity to have her voice heard and tell her story before the Judiciary Committee acts on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination.  We are keeping all those in the path of #HurricaneFlorence in our thoughts today. Proud that emergency responders from Michigan are stepping up to lend a hand. … Because apparently, $1 trillion of debt to pay for tax breaks to millionaires & wealthy shareholders wasn’t enough the first time around.  .@SenStabenow & I had a great time hosting Michiganders in DC this week for Congressional Black Caucus events! Thanks to all who stopped by. Proud to stand with you in the fight for justice.pic.twitter.com/2dv4XoBRk1 Donald Trump continues to deny the tragic reality: nearly 3,000 people died in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria. Today I publicly called for a congressional hearing to examine why the system failed so many American citizens.  17 years ago, terrorists struck our country & changed our lives forever. As we reflect on that fateful day, let us remember that as Americans, we took care of each other in those dark moments—and when we stand united, nothing can break our resolve.   We will never forget.pic.twitter.com/sJWDui5BrN We may not be a likely target for hurricanes, but Michiganders are no strangers to floods, severe storms, tornados, & winter weather. We all have a responsibility to #PrepareNow! Make a plan. Check insurance. Learn life-saving skills.  . #NatlPrep #MIReady September is National Preparedness Month – are you prepared? There are important, low cost steps you can take before a disaster strikes. Visit   to learn more! #NatlPrep #MIREADY Wishing my friends celebrating Rosh Hashanah a sweet new year filled with health and happiness. L’Shanah Tovah! .@SenStabenow and I are calling on the EPA to honor their commitment and hold a public forum in Michigan on PFAS. Michigan families exposed to PFAS contamination deserve to have the chance to express their concerns and hear from EPA experts about the agency’s response efforts.pic.twitter.com/JEfpInnXc6 A federal court is literally hearing arguments TODAY on a Trump-backed lawsuit aimed at gutting protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. This isn’t a hypothetical. #WhatsAtStake … Worker’s ability to band together & negotiate for better wages, good benefits and safe working conditions helped build our nation’s middle class. In the Senate, I will always stand up for Michigan workers and their families. #LaborDay … On #LaborDay we celebrate our brothers & sisters in the Labor Movement and their hard-fought victories on behalf of all American workers - including my own mom, who was a nurse’s aide, organized the nursing home where she worked & became an SEIU steward Michigan taxpayers shouldn’t have to pay for extravagant travel and accommodations by Trump Administration officials. I’ve introduced a bill that will rein in wasteful spending & help ensure hard-earned tax dollars are protected from abuse.   Thanks to Cadillac Asphalt & @stonecomich for showing me around earlier this week! Great to learn more about their manufacturing process. I am pushing to ensure any infrastructure bill considered in Congress includes real funding behind itpic.twitter.com/68YpqqI83P The Community Foundation of St. Clair County uses post-graduation scholarships to bring talented workers back home. It’s a proven success & why I’m working on legislation to support these kinds of programs. See some of the highlights via @EbwtvNews →  About to join @newsGuy760 on @wjrradio for the next hour and would love to hear from you! Join us in the dialogue by calling 800-859-0957 or using #WJRYourVoicepic.twitter.com/7n7s2RphUc Michigan is perfectly positioned to remain the auto industry center & usher in tech that could nearly eliminate auto accidents & save thousands of lives on our nation’s roads. But fed’l regulations must keep up w/innovation. Read more about #AVStart here:   Thanks to @MichAuto/@DetroitChamber for your support of #AVStart & highlighting why self-driving cars are so critical to saving lives and boosting Michigan’s economy in today’s @DetroitNews:  Thanks to @BWChamber for having me on Friday. Enjoyed catching up and hearing from attendees about ways we can work to promote entrepreneurship, small businesses & more.pic.twitter.com/31dj7rLoe2 John McCain was an American hero, a dedicated public servant and a true statesman. John’s love for America and our ideals were present in everything he did. His passing is an incredible loss for the U.S. Senate & the entire nation. My thoughts are with Cindy & the McCain family. It’s a win-win-win: it —   Reduces financial burdens on students  Gives employers the opportunity to hire skilled workers  Boosts economy in rural & small communities My bill expands post-graduation scholarships, like the ones offered by the Community Foundation of St. Clair County. These awards help recent grads pay off student loan debts while attracting them to live & work in an area that has a skills gap.   I was in Port Huron today announcing new legislation to help attract workers with career skills most needed in communities facing a worker shortage →  The strength & bravery of @SenJohnMcCain are an inspiration to us all. Wishing him and his family comfort and peace … An inspiring artist, a passionate activist, a Detroit icon -- I am proud to join @SenStabenow and the rest of my colleagues in honoring the Queen of Soul with this Senate resolution.pic.twitter.com/tCievbluSc Communities across Michigan are detecting dangerous PFAS chemicals in their water & this hearing will help get some answers for families, veterans and service members who were exposed to PFAS  I wholeheartedly agree w @UAW. If the cars of the future aren’t built in America, they will be built somewhere else and American workers will be left behind. … When #Line5 was damaged in April & severe weather struck, I worked to get the pipeline shut down until the storm passed. But it shouldn’t take repeated calls from a U.S. Senator to take this step to protect the #GreatLakes.   “The Future of Line 5 & Protecting the Great Lakes” … You can watch the second panel live on Facebook here:   This morning, I’m convening a Senate Commerce Committee field hearing in Traverse City on Line 5 and the need to protect the #GreatLakes. Follow along on the livestream by clicking here:   #TCMI LIVE: I’m in Traverse City this morning for a community meeting with constituents to discuss some of the issues most important to them. Click here to watch:   #TCMI Did you hear? I’ll be in Traverse City tomorrow morning for a community meeting. I’d love to hear what’s on your mind. Find out the when and where →   #TCMI Aretha Franklin’s talent, dedication to Detroit and advocacy for civil rights and women’s rights broke barriers and left a powerful legacy for future generations to carry on. … I’m holding a field hearing in Traverse City on Monday to discuss prevention & response efforts.  An oil spill in the #GreatLakes would be catastrophic. The Line 5 anchor strike only renewed questions about the safety of an oil pipeline in Straits of Mackinac. .@ArethaFranklin is an icon whose voice and spirit symbolized Detroit’s strength and resilience. Praying for comfort for Aretha and her family during this difficult time. … I'm heading up to Traverse City for another community meeting this Saturday. These meetings are a great way for me to hear directly from you on important issues. Check out what time and place here →   That’s a wrap on #RideMI 2018! Thanks for following along—the ride and the people I met along the way remind me how blessed I am to represent this great state in the U.S. Senate. Keep following along for the latest on what I’m up to in DC and MI.pic.twitter.com/CaYbHb0URb Capped off this year’s #RideMI w/ a tour of Big Sable Point Lighthouse—proud to display a photo of this beautiful structure in my front office in DC.pic.twitter.com/nYZlba5z9L Riding with the crew from Fremont Harley Davidson was truly a pleasure today. They took me through one of the most scenic routes I’ve ridden in the state—had an amazing time! #RideMIpic.twitter.com/1gqr4pPb4W Shortline railroads are a vital part of our economy that allow farmers, manufacturers and small businesses to get goods to market. Thanks to @HarscoRail in Ludington for showing me how you help keep our rails in good working order! #RideMIpic.twitter.com/0R0OmO26lG On the way to Ludington with a group of Fremont Harley Davidson riders! #RideMIpic.twitter.com/7RYAXBHwrc I was able to view yet another Great Lakes Restoration Initiative success story. #GLRI is helping restore Pere Marquette River & its tributaries and keeping the #GreatLakes clean for future generations. I’ll keep standing up to Trump Administration efforts to gut GLRI funding!pic.twitter.com/lxk87a9sLG Back on the road for Day 5 of #RideMI! Stopping in Lake & Mason Counties today.pic.twitter.com/5SWbRigMs6 Took questions today on tariffs, health care and college affordability from Democrats in Cadillac today. Thanks to all who stopped by!pic.twitter.com/lZaugmuRP7 Taking the opportunity to meet with Michiganders is important to me. If I’m going from point A to point B, may as well be on a Harley #RideMIpic.twitter.com/PaAtYfT6t3 Michigan forests:   span 20 million acres  support $17.8 billion forest products industry  employ 87,000  Checked out @BiewerLumber in Missaukee Co. I support efforts like #TimberInnovationAct to promote wood use in tall building construction #RideMI  …pic.twitter.com/ltoRRf5UeU An employee stock ownership plan is a proven way to reduce turnover & make sure workers and CEOs alike benefit from a company’s success. My bipartisan bill to increase #ESOP awareness recently advanced in Senate:  … Visited w workers at Kalkaska Screw Products, who all have a direct share in their business’ profits as an #ESOP company #RideMIpic.twitter.com/GxgaTk3DtG Great to be here! … It only makes sense that @Hagerty employees also ride—great to have them along as I head to Kalkaska County! #RideMIpic.twitter.com/d1XA2hEEEi Starting #RideMI Day 4 at @Hagerty in Traverse City. Hagerty restored a 1957 Harley Sportster & let me take it for a ride. From Sportster to Model T, these vehicles are part of America’s culture. I intro’ed National Historic Vehicle Registry Act to preserve our automotive historypic.twitter.com/JiU1j5ykoC He's cruising Northern Michigan on his motorcycle and talking classic restored Harley's in Traverse City w/ @Hagerty and the Primary election results w/Dave--next! @SenGaryPeters on the Morning Wake Up @1320WILS #harleydavidson Had a great discussion about important issues like health care, Line 5, Supreme Court & more with Traverse City-area Democrats this evening. Great turnout! #RideMIpic.twitter.com/eiNGe4Kpwk Taking in the shores of beautiful Lake Michigan on this #PureMichigan day #RideMIpic.twitter.com/2oMOi7LrWO Temporarily traded my Harley for a boat this afternoon to learn about @USCG Charlevoix station operations, search & rescue mission & more. Their work patrolling #GreatLakes saves lives & I’m proud to support their efforts as a member of the Senate Committee overseeing Coast Guardpic.twitter.com/7LSgipZfl8 From self-driving car tech to components for a Harley, @michsci in Charlevoix is building parts that help millions get around. Manufacturers need a skilled workforce & we must invest in #STEM and #CTE to keep our country economic competitive. #RideMIpic.twitter.com/qbkQXDCm3x Riding to @michsci with some employees this morning. Beautiful sunny day here in Northern Michigan!pic.twitter.com/kb20ChEE0B Starting off Day 3 of #RideMI at @UMBS in Cheboygan County to learn about their research on endangered species, climate change & more. Important reminder on why we must continue to fight for full funding for basic science investments at our universities.pic.twitter.com/LbSDwAcCNR Had a great #RideMI Day 2 - meeting w Michiganders at @CooperStandard in Oscoda County & hearing about environmental preservation efforts in Montmorency County. Can’t wait to keep the conversation going with stops at @UMBS & @michsci tomorrowpic.twitter.com/ixOf7KOxSP Had a chance to meet with @MichiganDNR in Montmorency County to learn more about wildlife management efforts here. On the federal level, I support efforts to #SaveLWCF which preserves natural resources & enhances outdoor recreation #RideMIpic.twitter.com/FsS2b55Z0g Michigan is truly #blessed with natural beauty. Nothing better than riding through nature #RideMIpic.twitter.com/hCtisqHuEv Discussed closing the skills gap & #CTE today at @CooperStandard—which also helps train veterans to fill high-skilled jobs. Provisions in my #SUCCESSAct signed into law last week also helps train school counselors on #CTE pathways #RideMIpic.twitter.com/fPSWTauoyj Met up with @CooperStandard employees in Oscoda County before heading to their Fairview facility. Great way start to Day 2 of #RideMIpic.twitter.com/kpehPZb1YZ Thanks for having me! … Day 1 of #RideMI was a blast! Held a roundtable w/small farmers in Tuscola, met up with guest riders in Bay, and toured a small family farm in Ogemaw. Tomorrow’s stops: Oscoda and Montmorency!pic.twitter.com/vL0KuiGjC4 Over 82% of Michigan’s ag producers are small farms, including the Bristol family farm here in Ogemaw County. I’m working to ensure small farms access to capital to start & grow their operations. #RideMIpic.twitter.com/rVrGuO8xAh Made a pit stop at Veterans Memorial Park in Bay City to meet up w/fellow Michigan riders before continuing up to Ogemaw. #RideMIpic.twitter.com/Px0UWC20S3 Did you know that Michigan is the second most diverse farm state in the country w/over 300 commodities? Talked ways to support MI agriculture & more at @StaroftheWest1 in Tuscola County. #RideMIpic.twitter.com/fOLS2VfBDL One of my favorite parts of #RideMI is having Michiganders join me for different legs of the tour. Met up with ABATE of MI and other motorcycle riders as we head up to Tuscola County.pic.twitter.com/e0iuic2cf7 #RideMI begins today! Follow along as I’ll be stopping in Tuscola, Bay and Ogemaw counties on my way up north today. I’ll be on Twitter for more updates on stops along the way.pic.twitter.com/wM26Z7sVrU Great news! Provisions from my #SUCCESSAct w/@SenToddYoung have been signed into law. With better training & awareness for school counselors, more students can enroll in #CTE, gain skills for a good-paying career and help close skills gap in Michigan.   WATCH LIVE: I’m talking with Michiganders at @UMFlint about the issues most concerning them. Watch my community meeting here →  … Excited to hear from Michiganders at tomorrow morning’s community meeting at @UMFlint! Get all the details here →   I’ve intro’d #SUCCESSAct to strengthen school counselor training on benefits of #CTE—pleased that key provisions from my bill will be signed into law soon. I visited @BakerCollege’s Auto/Diesel Institute in Owosso to learn more about their career and technical ed programs. These are great ways to close skills gap and fill job openings that need specialized skillspic.twitter.com/yWuGkkwPyO Companies like @Nexteer will revolutionize the way we get around. I took part in a demo of their advanced steering technologies for cars of the future. My #AVSTART bill will allow for the safe deployment of self-driving cars & update regulations so they’re up-to-date w/innovationpic.twitter.com/y1ydGZcQx5 We need change in culture at MSU & other institutions so when young people come forward, they are heard, respected & action is taken. Disappointed w/ responses I heard yesterday from Mr. Engler & concerned not enough is being done. Watch below via @WOODTV: … Sergio Marchionne invested in Chrysler & Michigan’s engineers and autoworkers. His ingenuity and passion helped save thousands of jobs in our state. I’m saddened by his passing, and my thoughts are with everyone at FCA during this difficult time.  Proud to stand with over 80 survivors today who have shown courage & commitment to justice that will help stop other predators like Larry Nassar. We need to restore trust & transparency in a system that quite simply failed them.pic.twitter.com/XIsWgukQqY I’ll be holding a community meeting in Flint this Saturday—looking forward to seeing everyone! Find out when, where & more here →   Just in case there was any doubt: an oil spill in the Great Lakes would have catastrophic effects on our environment & economy. Enbridge must be held accountable. … Good news! The Senate passed my bill with @SenatorRisch helping small businesses protect their intellectual property and patents! Great way to cap off #StartupWeek.  … #Montenegro has overcome repeated acts of aggression from Russia to join @NATO—they are a welcomed ally in countering Putin’s destabilizing activities. I was proud to support Montenegro’s accession to NATO & stand w/them in upholding democracy. Michigan’s entrepreneurs are making our state the startup capital of the Midwest. I saw that firsthand earlier this week at @ferriswheel in Flint. Check out my floor speech on #StartupWeek: … #StartupWeek is an important reminder why we need #NetNeutrality. An open internet lets innovators access new opportunity. Without it, they can be relegated to a slow lane while major corporations call the shots. I urge the House to pass CRA restoring #NetNeutrality protections. This week is #StartupWeek! Proud to highlight the amazing work done by Michigan entrepreneurs. Did you know over 500,000 entrepreneurs start new companies every month? I’ll be talking about it on the Senate floor soon —tune in here:  … The Trump Administration froze a payment program ensuring those w/pre-existing conditions have access to affordable care. Without it premiums will skyrocket.   That's why @SenBobCasey & I are demanding the Administration resume this program. Read more   … The @GordieHoweBrg groundbreaking is a huge step forward for Michigan—boosting our position as a major transportations/logistics hub & spurring economic growth. … There may be no @tigers in the starting lineup at tonight’s @allstargame, but Michigan is well-represented! Great to see Medal of Honor recipients Lt. Col. Kettles & Spc 5 McCloughan recognized at tonight’s game—and McCloughan threw opening pitch. Thank you both for your service! And in case my Republican colleagues needed any more justification, today’s press conference in Helsinki should leave no doubt that Congress must act swiftly to protect Mueller’s investigation into Russian election interference … Absolutely appalled by President Trump’s press conference & fact that he openly sided w Putin over U.S. intelligence agencies. Russia must be held accountable for election meddling, but Trump has given Putin green light to continue undermining our democracy, nat’l security Stopped by @TheFerris_Wheel in Flint to see how they help startups & entrepreneurs take their ideas to the marketplace as part of Startup Week Across America.pic.twitter.com/pBYNgJnvT4 To watch the second segment of this morning's community meeting, please click here:  … I’m holding a community meeting in Southfield this morning: Click here to watch it live:  … I’m holding a community meeting in Southfield at 10 AM tomorrow at the Southfield High School for the Arts and Technology! Find out more here:   After reviewing Judge Kavanaugh’s record, I believe he places corporate special interests over Michigan working families, women & small businesses. That’s why I cannot support his nomination. Read my full statement here →    Got this @CleanAirMoms_MI banner at my office this week. Couldn’t agree more: everyone—no matter who they are or where they live—should have access to clean air & we must address climate change to keep our Great Lakes & environment clean for future generations.pic.twitter.com/CNqkFZCHoN Thanks for taking the time to meet him! … Sen. Gary Peters on Tuesday helped grant a Greenville teen’s wish to be “Senator for a Day” in partnership with the Make-A-Wish organization.  I had an amazing time with Tom yesterday. Thanks to @MakeAWishMI for helping make it possible. Check out some of the coverage below via @WLNS … I saw firsthand the devastation from flooding in the Upper Peninsula—there’s still a long way to go for recovery. I’ve joined @SenStabenow & @RepJackBergman in calling on the President to approve the state’s request for a major disaster declaration.  …pic.twitter.com/kb0NnHyUqu It was a very memorable day. Thanks for coming by! … Check out some of the highlights from my time with U.S. Senator For A Day Thomas Stephenson cc @MakeAWishMI  … He loved the pin. Thanks for stopping by! … Agreed! We’re lucky to represent such an inspirational individual from #PureMichigan … Thanks for following along! It was an honor to have Senator Stephenson by my side today & I was truly impressed with his knowledge, commitment to learning & passion for being an active citizen.pic.twitter.com/LAg1IhFXOp Thanks for stopping by! … On my way to the Senate floor to talk college affordability & more with Senator Stephenson by my side. Tune in to watch live:  …pic.twitter.com/YLNTibJQvm Getting ready to talk with Michigan media about today’s agenda on Capitol Hill with Senator Stephenson.pic.twitter.com/cXqo0fiwHi .@SenCapito stopped by for a meeting with Senator Stephenson and I about some shared priorities. Proud to have worked with her to get legislation signed into law to help recent grads with private student loans.pic.twitter.com/P0uJ3EtcBA Senator Stephenson joined me for Coffee with Gary this morning—every Tuesday morning when the Senate is in session, I open my doors to visiting constituents. If you’re in DC, stop on by! Click here to learn more or RSVP:  …pic.twitter.com/0eUQXyAugr Thomas has a congenital cardiac condition but has always had a passion for politics & the political system. Looking forward to working with Senator Stephenson for the day! Partnering with @MakeAWishMI to have Thomas Stephenson—from Greenville MI—join me as Senator for a day! Thomas will join me in meetings, briefings, press interviews & more. Follow along for updates through the day!pic.twitter.com/qkBPV7JV7r Our next Supreme Court justice should represent and respect the worth of all Americans, protect free speech and preserve the individual rights of all citizens, including the ability to make their own health care decisions. I urge President Trump to do the right thing. I hear all the time from Michiganders worried about high health care costs. The Trump Administration’s actions will only raise costs on more Americans and take us back to the days when insurance companies denied care to people w/pre-existing conditions. … Pleased to announce that Flint is receiving a $30 million Choice Neighborhood Grant to build affordable housing. Flint families have shown tremendous strength, and this award will help build a brighter future for this resilient community.  Long overdue—and he should’ve never been trusted to protect our environment from the start. President Trump needs to nominate someone that will prioritize clean air & water over special interests. … Wishing everyone a happy #IndependenceDay! Thankful for our Founding Fathers, the democracy they created and the freedoms we all enjoy today As Ranking Member on Senate Subcommittee overseeing FEMA, I stand ready to do what it takes to ensure the UP has the resources to recover. Visited with communities in Houghton County affected by recent flooding. It’s important for me to get a firsthand look at the scale of the damage and recovery efforts underway.pic.twitter.com/Djjd2QmHPg Every American should have the opportunity to reach their full economic potential regardless of their zip code. Pleased to see this investment that uses Opportunity Zones to help workers get the skills they need to succeed. … Was honored to be with @michiganlcv on Friday as we recommit to fighting for a clean future for the #GreatLakes. Protecting our environment is critical for our state’s success, and I’ll continue fighting for clean air & water for every community in MI. … I visited Plascore in Zeeland today - a manufacturer that is building parts for the Space Launch System (SLS) rocket that will propel the manned Orion spacecraft into deep space destinations, including Mars. Proud these exciting developments are happening right here in Michigan!pic.twitter.com/BkyC9rKeTn Can’t wait to hear from Michiganders at our Grand Rapids community meeting tomorrow - it’ll be at 10 AM at the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum. Need more info? You can get it here →  … Career and technical education can help fill the skills gap in MI. Pleased to work with @SenToddYoung to ensure our #SUCCESSAct priorities passed out of committee to expand educational opportunities & meet local workforce needs.   I will be working with my colleagues in the Senate to respond to this ruling with legislation—because when labor unions are strong, working class families are strong. Yesterday’s Supreme Court ruling was very disappointing ruling for Michigan families who rely on labor unions to fight for them at the negotiating table for better wages and opportunity. … Labor unions built America’s middle class. Guided by the ideal that workers have the right to band together and collectively bargain for a better workplace, the labor movement has lifted millions of Americans into the middle class. Spoke with @FIRSTweets students from Michigan yesterday about importance of #STEM—these students are the next generation of innovators!pic.twitter.com/uIPaSW5UC5 Three years ago today, #MarriageEquality became law of the land. We've made progress but there's still more to be done in the fight for equality. Proud to continue standing w/Michigan's LGBT community #PrideMonth This divisive executive order does nothing to keep us safe and serves as a propaganda tool for recruitment by terrorists and extremist groups intent on attacking the United States and our allies. POTUS has made clear this ban is intended to be discriminatory—like previous versions that couldn't pass legal muster. I am proud to represent a vibrant Arab American and Muslim American community & have heard firsthand from local leaders about the consequences of the #TravelBan As a member of the Senate Armed Services and Homeland Security Committees, I am focused every day on steps we can take to keeping Americans safe from those who wish to do us harm. THREAD: I am very disappointed in the Supreme Court’s divided 5-4 ruling on the Trump administration's #TravelBan. Looking forward to seeing everyone in Grand Rapids next Saturday! … @MonaHannaA on #AfterWords discussing her book, "What the Eyes Don't See" @OneWorldLit with @SenGaryPeters.  Watch 6/30 @10pm ET & 7/1 @9pm ET.pic.twitter.com/FcGVKhqk3r Glad to see @Ford betting on Detroit’s future & making Michigan Central Station the heart of their self-driving vehicle campus. Looking forward to the station becoming the symbol of Detroit’s leadership in advanced technologies  Tragic news. Thinking of his family and the Houghton community during this painful time. … On this day, let us recommit ourselves to overcoming these systematic challenges and ensuring that future generations of American children can achieve their dreams no matter who they are or where they live. While our country has made progress, we still have serious challenges: from restricted access to the ballot box to environmental injustice to a criminal justice system that is in desperate need of reform. Today marks #Juneteenth: the 153rd anniversary of the day that the last remaining slaves finally learned of their freedom, marking the end of one of our nation’s darkest chapters. Computer science skills are increasingly vital to today’s manufacturing industry. I was honored to join @BSA_Foundation & workforce development experts to discuss how we can ensure more Michigan students are trained for the jobs of tomorrow.pic.twitter.com/RgpdRm4DVJ Terrible scenes emerging from #HoughtonFloods. Please stay safe & listen to local authorities. My office is closely monitoring developments. … No child should be forced to experience the trauma of needless separation from their parents—scared, unsure of their surroundings & when they’ll see family. Last week, I cosponsored @SenFeinstein’s bill to stop the unnecessary & heartbreaking family separations at the border. Happy Father’s Day to all the dads out there! My kids are my greatest joys in life & I’m thankful for them every day. TUNE IN: I’m holding a community meeting in Ypsilanti this morning. Watch it live here:  … Interested in attending my community meeting in Ypsilanti tomorrow? More information here:  … #EidMubarak to Muslims across Michigan & the country recognizing the end of #Ramadan with family and friends. No survivor of domestic abuse should be forced to choose between their loving pet or leaving a dangerous relationship. #PAWSAct advancing in Senate today is an important step towards expanding domestic violence protections for pet owners.  pic.twitter.com/IGCEoUKXOg It makes no sense that agencies hold and store furniture & electronics they don’t need. Streamlining how the government handles personal property is an easy way to cut down on wasteful spending. Read more here →   NEW: Legislation I introduced w/@RandPaul, @SenDougJones, @SenatorLankford to save taxpayer dollars passed committee today! Our bill directs federal agencies to keep better track of their inventory and sell or get rid of excess equipment. I’m joining @Securing_Energy to discuss their new #AVworkforce report and the transformational change self-driving vehicles will bring to our society. Watch now:   Sen. Gary Peters to host public meetings in four Michigan cities  While there, I also had a chance to meet with the Consular Corps of Michigan to talk trade and other issues.pic.twitter.com/8uJt1O6P01 TransNav in New Baltimore manufactures the shopping carts for @Target & more. Enjoyed seeing their production process firsthand yesterday!pic.twitter.com/JsPNiFbCk8 Starting today, the FCC’s repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect: meaning corporations can buy internet fast lanes, slow down service or even block content for other users. The Senate voted to reverse the FCC’s action - it’s time for the House to act.pic.twitter.com/PERzb6aUlY Had a great time at @DemandDetroit today learning about their manufacturing work that improves fuel economy while reducing our carbon footprint.pic.twitter.com/DI1P1Pkakl Congrats to students from the Gagie School in Kalamazoo on their @ToshibaInnovate #ExploraVision award! Great to see students passionate about #STEMpic.twitter.com/R8PXL2Or85 Thanks to @nature_org for the stopping by my office yesterday. I was honored to receive your Conservation Champion Award. The Great Lakes are one of Michigan’s most precious resources & we must protect them for future generations.pic.twitter.com/O3Z8twNxC2 As death toll estimates in #PuertoRico rise, President Trump showed a stunning lack of leadership at FEMA - praising his cabinet while ignoring our fellow Americans who are still suffering nearly nine months after Hurricane Maria. Congress must hold the President accountable. … Today’s move to repeal Michigan’s prevailing wage law will hurt hardworking Michiganders who deserve decent pay for a job well done and threatens our public safety. Read my full statement:  pic.twitter.com/zQC2eBwCqi From equal access to housing to fair treatment in the workplace or even the right to shop at the same businesses – no one should face discrimination because of who they are or who they love. I’ll keep working to fight for justice for all Americans #PrideMonth reminds us that our nation was built on the promise of equality. We’ve made great strides toward equality in recent years, but we still have work to do for #LGBT Americanspic.twitter.com/SOqfcLQgRe I’ll be holding a number of community meetings around Michigan this summer. To find out more information click here →  pic.twitter.com/c5UokWYAlC Pleased to announce that Macomb County will receive nearly $98 million in federal funding to revamp Mound Road and provide local innovators and manufacturers with world-class infrastructure.   WATCH: At a Senate subcommittee hearing today, I’ll be questioning former MSU President Simon & others about how the system failed to protect young athletes from abusers like Larry Nassar. Tune in →   Abusers often control domestic violence victims by threatening or harming their pet. I introduced #PAWSAct to increase support for domestic violence shelters accepting pets. Victims should never be forced to choose between their pet or their own security.   Today I toured @mhumane and learned more about their amazing animal rescue efforts and work to find a safe home for pets. @Mhumane has taken over 1,300 animal cruelty calls this year alone: that has to change.pic.twitter.com/HUPT6RWxFF Had a fun time at the @UAW Region 1’s Blessing of the Bikes in Warren today. Great turnout despite the rain!pic.twitter.com/OCCcr6PDCD I’m working in Washington to ensure young people have access to life-saving treatments to overcome opioid addiction   More opioids have been dispensed in Roscommon County than anywhere else in Michigan. Today, I met with first responders and community leaders in Gerrish Township to discuss efforts to combat the opioid crisis that has devastated families herepic.twitter.com/zzcenL9VQI Had a great panel discussion at #MPC18 on what we can do to make Michigan the Mobility State. Watch here:  Quality of life in Southeast Michigan - from access to quality health care and a good education to clean air and high speed internet - is critical to attracting business and creating good-paying jobs … Here in Michigan, we’ve got the talent, R&D and innovation to lead in the future of tech and mobility. But that’s not enough. We’ve got more work ahead of us to seize this big opportunity  On this #MemorialDay, let us reflect on the selfless service of our servicemembers, veterans and their families, and remember that we owe them our deepest gratitude for all they have given to our nation. … The freedoms we enjoy today would not be possible without the generations of American soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines who have served our nation with bravery and honor – from the earliest days of the American Revolution to our fight against global terrorism today. Proud to honor Michigan veterans at #RollingThunder. Generations of American military men and women have made the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country, and we owe them and their families our deepest gratitudepic.twitter.com/SatM6GEx80 Honored to join @SenJoniErnst and thousand of veterans from MI & across the country for #RollingThunder #MemorialDayWeekend to remember the many Americans who gave their lives in service to our nation and those who have yet to return homepic.twitter.com/BaLCS1VQNj American workers are the best in the world & I’m working with @SenDonnelly and @SenGillibrand to ensure workers have the right tools and support to succeed in an increasingly automated world   Thank you for your work on these important issues & discussing how Congress can support you in combating the opioid epidemic … It was a great honor to welcome over 70 veterans from Michigan and personally thank them for their service. Thank you to the Honor Flight Network for your work to bring these veterans to Washington to visit the memorials that honor them.pic.twitter.com/HsJWxJAiT0 Congrats to the impressive MI students attending service academies this fall & t/y for your willingness to serve. Every year my office has the honor of nominating MI students for military & Merchant Marine academies. Learn more about the nomination process   I’m working w/ @SenSherrodBrown and @SenWarren to protect consumers and prevent Mulvaney from going through with this harmful plan.pic.twitter.com/DNN8YwNzoX Once again Mick Mulvaney is taking an ax to the CFPB. Now he wants to shut down the public complaint database that levels the playing field by providing reliable information to  consumers looking for a trusted financial institution. Heartbreaking news from Santa Fe, TX of yet another school shooting. I’m deeply saddened for victims, their loved ones and & entire Santa Fe community. I cannot imagine the anxiety & fear students, teachers across the country face every day wondering if their school will be next Great news from @DTE_Energy & @ConsumersEnergy on their new renewable energy efforts. I’m proud MI energy companies continue to lead the way to reduce carbon, protect our environment & advance the clean energy tech that will create jobs in the MI … Took some great questions about self-driving cars, net neutrality and the Senate motorcycle caucus from @GVSU and @UMich MBA students.pic.twitter.com/flSocjK8PE Millions of Americans depend on airports for transportation every day & it’s critical they are kept safe while they travel. @SenCoryGardner & I are working to strengthen airport security in public areas such as ticketing, baggage claim and drop-off areas.   Americans made a deal with their employers - decades of hard work in exchange for retiring with dignity. Congress must address pension insolvency without sacrificing workers’ hard-earned benefits.pic.twitter.com/5GGnR3tXKa Youth deaths due to opioids has nearly doubled since 2011. Read my op-ed in the @HollandSentinel on how I’m working to address addressing the youth opioid crisis.  With today’s vote, the Senate has successfully done our part to restore #NetNeutrality. The fight is not over - now the House needs to step up, do the right thing and join us in keeping a level playing field for everyone on the internet.  On my way to the floor to cast my vote in favor of #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/wiCBDfc825 Both @SenGaryPeters and @SenToddYoung say "it is critical for the entire country to have access to high-speed Internet" #BloombergNext #InfrastructureWeekpic.twitter.com/cJjZrHFqvy "In my mind, safety is the number one reason why AV technology is so important" - @SenGaryPeters #BloombergNext #InfrastructureWeekpic.twitter.com/8AurhMlxpY This is the big one! Today the Senate votes to save #NetNeutrality. We are just hours away from a vote, so there is still time to make your voice heard and let your Senators know you support a free and open internet. This morning I’m joining @SenToddYoung for a @BGOV discussion on how advances in self-driving cars and AI will revolutionize the future. We need infrastructure that’s prepared to meet this rapidly changing technology. Watch live:  Proud to honor all the police officers who have been injured or fallen in the line of duty. #NationalPeaceOfficersMemorialDay .@SenGaryPeters said he is disappointed that @WhiteHouse considering eliminating WH cyber coordinator position … As Muslims in Michigan mark the start of the holy month of Ramadan tonight, I want to wish Ramadan Kareem to all those recognizing this special time as a period of prayer, reflection and good deed. Abuses by for-profit colleges have left thousands of Michigan students in debt & without a degree. Yet Betsy DeVos continues to work to protect them & has even gone as far as effectively killing investigations of fraudulent activates by for-profit schools  During #NationalPoliceWeek I’m honored to welcome police officers from across Michigan to the nation’s capital. Thank you for your selfless service to our communities.pic.twitter.com/wV7bJt1ltX The administration should be focused on doing whatever it takes to help the families exposed to these dangerous chemicals and preventing future crises - not public relations. Scott Pruitt’s EPA and the Trump White House tried to cover up a study on water contamination that harms Michigan families, servicemembers and veterans because it was a “public relations nightmare.”  From their North American headquarters in Novi, @Harman manufactures car audio, navigation and connected technology systems and employs hundreds of Michiganders. Glad to have the opportunity to meet with workers from Harman and thank them for their work.pic.twitter.com/9Zl1vCvSNV Happy #MothersDay to all of Michigan’s mothers! I’m glad I have two amazing mothers in my life – my wife Colleen and my mom Madeleine. These two wonderful women have always been there for me with advice and support, and I can’t thank them enough.pic.twitter.com/GUyV98NhFc My sister worked as an RN and my mother was a nurse’s aid. It takes a special person to devote their lives to care for the wellbeing of patients. Thank you to all the selfless and hard-working nurses. #NationalNursesWeekpic.twitter.com/WcPYuf1V4F Torture runs contrary to our American values. I will oppose Gina Haspel for CIA Director. Read my full statement.pic.twitter.com/8EvMu0QIm7 Colleen & I are saddened by the passing of Brian Whiston. I’ve known and worked with Brian for many years & he has always looked to find common ground and do what’s right for MI kids. Our students have lost a fierce advocate and a hero.  W/ 50 Senators on board, we have enough support to force a vote to save #NetNeutrality but our fight is not over. We still need #OneMoreVote to pass our resolution & reinstate net neutrality rules so the internet can remain free & open for all Michiganders  A free & open internet gives Michigan students, families & small business new opportunities to communicate, learn & do business. We cannot allow large corporations to take over the internet & leave everyday Michiganders without equal access. We must reinstate #NetNeutrality rulespic.twitter.com/DXbCHgC7gb We are just #OneVoteAway from reinstating #NetNeutrality rules that will help make sure students, artists, advocates and entrepreneurs who are creating the next big thing can once again compete on an equal playing field with multinational corporationspic.twitter.com/7Dh5JOiNhW Today’s the day. Today we officially file the petition to force a vote to save net neutrality. We only need #OneMoreVote to pass it in the Senate. So make your voice heard and help us get the last vote needed to restore #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/bZgyDVO3cV On #VEDay we celebrate our victory against tyranny and honor all those who served our nation and fought to liberate Europe during World War II. #OTD in 1945 the Allies accepted the Nazi’s unconditional surrender, declaring victory in Europe. As a child my mother– a French citizen –attended the Little Red Schoolhouse where the Germans surrendered. She met my father– an Army First Lt.– during the war & they fell in love. Why is Betsy DeVos assisting an organization that helped for-profit colleges like Corinthian and ITT Tech rip off more than 12,000 Michigan students? @SenStabenow and I are demanding answers.  Federal investment in basic scientific research is a down payment on our future. @SenCoryGardner & I spoke w/ business leaders about how investment in R&D can turn the next big idea into new businesses that create good paying jobs & help the U.S. compete in a global economypic.twitter.com/KRnMYpSqGG My dad worked as a public school teacher in MI for more than 30 years. Through my father & the teachers who taught me, I have seen the importance of dedicated educators & the positive impact they have on students. T/y to all of our great teachers! #TeacherAppreciationDaypic.twitter.com/A963cjewnv Visited @MacombCollege Public Service Institute today, which provides training & classes for students in public safety. First responders are constantly working to keep our communities safe—that’s why ensuring they have federal support & best protection equipment is so important.pic.twitter.com/f3JQ3IuPZr Proud to take part in the  @walkforisrael. This year we celebrated the 70th anniversary of founding of the independent Jewish state and the strength of the United States-Israel alliancepic.twitter.com/MWmny7kami The @michigantech Great Lakes Research Center research is relied upon to help safeguard freshwater ecosystems nationwide. I got an in-person look at the work they are doing to protect the Great Lakes through numerous studies of the Lakes ecology.pic.twitter.com/SijnrWcKyi Honored to deliver the #MTUGrad commencement address & celebrate today’s graduates as they prepare to lead us into the next frontier of technological innovation. MTU’s groundbreaking research has prepared them well for the exciting future that awaits. Congrats & good luck!pic.twitter.com/pxJAGclYlq As a former Lt. Commander in the U.S. Navy Reserve, I served with many dedicated men & women who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our country. Today I had the great honor of joining @michigantech ROTC cadets as they took oath to defend the Constitution & our nationpic.twitter.com/9MwIQ404v0 Congratulations to all of today’s graduates! Good luck as you step into your future. … Had a great conversation with Democrats in Menominee County about expanding access to quality, affordable health care and battling the opioid epidemicpic.twitter.com/hpb5CSlrB3 Marinette Marine is a critical component of Michigan’s defense footprint, employing hundreds of Michiganders. Today, I got an up-close look at the skilled work it takes to produce the Littoral Combat Ship from start to finish.pic.twitter.com/e5y8JPYlLA Patty Birkholz was a friend and colleague, who will be greatly missed. She was a champion for the environment and Great Lakes - both during and after her political career, and her advocacy has made Michigan a better place  Toured @LEJonesCompany in Menominee. For decades L.E. Jones has manufactured quality valve seat inserts for automotive and large machine engines.pic.twitter.com/eYEgKQS9xh It’s #MilitaryAppreciationMonth! This month we honor all who once served our nation in uniform, those who continue to serve and the family members who stand beside our servicemembers with their unwavering support. Thank you for your commitment to our nation.pic.twitter.com/tmC89mJQOD During #SmallBusinessWeek let’s remember how the internet gave startups & small businesses unlimited growth potential with new ways to reach more consumers. Protecting small businesses’ access to the internet is one of the reasons why I'm fighting to save #NetNeutrality … I’m joining my colleagues in signing the petition to force a vote in the Senate to save #NetNeutrality because big corporations should not be able to dominate the internet at the expense of Michigan families and small businesses. … Michigan is home to a diverse array of small businesses that are growing the food we eat, designing and selling the clothes we wear, and developing technology that could change the way we live. Proud to recognize small businesses during #SmallBusinessWeekpic.twitter.com/H6sVkuGPRA Glad to welcome @SecArmy Esper to the Detroit Arsenal on Friday to get a firsthand look at the work @TARDEC_PAO is doing to protect our servicemembers and develop advanced ground vehicle technology.pic.twitter.com/mF9lgMWcWm Made sure to get my T-Haas selfie. This is one of Thomas J. Haas’ last commencements after serving as @GVSU president for almost 12 yrs. Thank you for your leadership & dedication to the Grand Valley community, I’m pleased you will be staying on as a professor in the years aheadpic.twitter.com/b3huIaULRg Honored to deliver today’s @GVSU commencement address. Congratulations to all of the graduates! You are embarking on a journey with boundless promise and we are looking to your generation to lead us into the future.pic.twitter.com/98or25hAuV Glad @LinkedIn is continuing their commitment to Detroit by expanding operations and increasing the number of Michigan employees - another example of how Detroit is a great place to start and grow a business!  LeeAnne is not letting up in her fight to help Flint & other communities at risk. She & her husband visited Washington this week to advocate for better water infrastructure. Proud to stand with her in working to make sure a situation like Flint never happens again.pic.twitter.com/eGRnWueTyd April is the Month of the Military Child. Children & families of servicemembers make countless sacrifices - saying goodbye to parents who are deployed & leaving friends behind to move to new homes & schools. T/y to the sons & daughters who stand behind our men & women in uniformpic.twitter.com/RbiLrVxraI Protecting special counsel Robert Mueller & the Russian investigation is not a partisan issue. Republicans & Democrats voted in favor of advancing this bill, now GOP leadership needs to allow the full Senate to vote. #ProtectMueller  pic.twitter.com/qKCVy5skeZ FACTS.pic.twitter.com/88Bko3MZFK Detroit pizza can't be beat, am I right @buddyspizza, @JetsPizza? … It’s National Parks Week, a great time to discover our nation's astonishing parks! Isle Royale National Park is one of my favorite places to visit for backpacking, canoeing and practicing my amateur photography skills. #FindYourParkpic.twitter.com/Wnczw3HAuZ Proud to stand with @AARPMichigan to make sure Michigan seniors and families don’t have to struggle to put food on the table or afford health care. … Don't get too saucy. Detroit-style is what's sweeping the nation.   … LeeAnne Walters was told there was no problem with Flint’s water. She refused to stop, & on behalf of not just her children - but all of Flint - she helped expose the lead-tainted water crisis. She is a fitting winner of the Goldman Environmental Prize  Drug overdoses among teens have more than doubled over the past twenty years. Today my provision to combat youth substance abuse by expanding the use of lifesaving treatments moved forward in the Senate.   Thank you to the great people of Webasto for hosting me at their U.S. headquarters in Rochester Hills. Auto suppliers like Webasto – which employs around 1,125 Michiganders - are critical to our state’s economy and support good paying jobs.pic.twitter.com/ZMdLbW94k0 To celebrate #EarthDay let’s continue working to protect the Great Lakes, fight climate change & preserve our national resources for future generations. Like or retweet to join me in the fight to protect our planet.pic.twitter.com/KHH0D153xJ The arts have the power to inspire & open our minds to new ideas. The new @TheFIA expansion grand opening today is a huge step forward for #Flint and Michigan. Great to see some of the new glasswork/artifacts that will be on display here!pic.twitter.com/fYqYy34Khr Naloxone – an opioid overdose reversal drug – saves lives. However the price of this critical drug continues to rise. I joined @SenStabenow in calling on HHS to take action to reduce the price of naloxone so more first responders can use it.  Thank you to Michigan’s firefighters who put themselves in harm’s way to save lives. I proudly stand w/ them in support of grant programs that allow local fire departments to train first responders & buy critical life-saving equipmentpic.twitter.com/8BY6t2rz4B Mike Pompeo lacks the necessary experience & diplomatic skills to be Secretary of State, & I will vote no on his nomination. I didn’t support his nomination to lead the CIA & his tenure there has failed to assure me that he now has the capabilities to lead the State Department Honored to hear from Olympic athletes about how we can better combat sexual assault. These brave athletes are standing up against injustice and it’s time organizations like USAG, MSU and the U.S. Olympic Committee treat them like the heroes they arepic.twitter.com/5Py2KeDWWq Seventy years ago the State of Israel declared its independence,  which United States recognized minutes later.  Today as we mark #Israel70 I extend my congratulations on this important milestone, and celebrate the miracle of the creation of the modern Jewish state. I stand w/ 170 of my congressional colleagues in introducing a resolution to say: EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has to go. He has waged war on regulations that keep our air and water clean and violated the trust of the American people by wasting their hard-earned tax dollarspic.twitter.com/HUzc72S1Y8 Thanks to @SenSasse the bipartisan beard caucus has sadly been shaved down to onepic.twitter.com/ZBwog74ibN On #MilitaryRetireeAppreciationDay we honor the retired servicemembers who spent their careers in defense of our nation. They & their families have sacrificed through long deployments, frequent moves & more. T/y for your service & continued commitment to your communities!pic.twitter.com/uxINRLHaLF Great meeting with @MiLaborers! Thank you for all the work you do supporting families, advocating for workers and promoting the need for investments in Michigan infrastructure.pic.twitter.com/23kauDx9ul Barbara Bush was a wonderful mother, wife and First Lady who served our country with grace and determination. She will be missed. My heart goes out to the entire Bush family. … Pleased to hear the European Commission recommended Albania to begin talks to join the EU. As Co-Chair of the Senate Caucus on Albanian Issues, I know that Albania is a great friend of the U.S. and will be a valuable member of the EU.  Thank you @MagnaInt for giving me a tour of your headquarters in Troy. Magna is working to develop self-driving car tech that is creating good paying jobs for Michiganders & helping make our state the leader in the future of mobility … Watch: I questioned U.S. Coast Guard Commandant nominee Karl Schutlz on the Coast Guard’s investigation of Line 5 damage and the need for suitable resources to quickly respond to an oil spill in the Great Lakes.pic.twitter.com/Myp3I3lrwr As EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt has:    A dangerous anti-environmental track record  Spent taxpayer money on luxury travel  Violated federal spending laws   It is past time for President Trump to fire Scott Pruitt.  Big congratulations to Michigan’s own @des_linden on becoming the first American woman since 1985 to win the #BostonMarathon! … Not only is there a lack of clear understanding of the damage to Line 5, but the on-site response equipment available is completely inadequate to clean a potential oil spill under current conditions, putting the Great Lakes in grave - and unnecessary - danger. It is simply reckless and irresponsible to operate Line 5 under the current weather conditions. I was able to work with PHMSA in pressing Enbridge to suspend Line 5 operations through the storm. Breaking: Due to storm conditions Line 5 operations are currently suspended.  Americans who work hard their entire life & play by the rules deserve to retire w/ dignity. Today, the sad fact is too many do not have access to a pension or retirement plan. I’m working to find solutions to make it easier for Michiganders to plan & save for retirement. #NRPW18pic.twitter.com/0FNXxq5AaJ We must ensure that White House staffers are basing their decisions on what is best for the American people and not what is best for their own bank accounts. … Thank you Deputy Jenkins. Your actions exemplify the values of the Eaton County Sheriff's office and represent the very best of Michigan’s law enforcement community On the night of December 20, 2016, Deputy Jenkins pulled up to the scene of a growing house fire. W/o any protective gear, he entered the home and carried two disabled residents to safety before the fire engulfed the entryway. Watch the amazing rescue:  Honored to join @SenStabenow in presenting Eaton County Sheriff's Deputy Andrew Jenkins with the Badge of Bravery for heroically saving three residents from a burning home.pic.twitter.com/kwwDjLccW0 There are few greater dangers to the Great Lakes than an oil spill in the Straits of Mackinac, which would devastate Michigan’s environment and our economy. Given the damage caused by vessel activity, lack of visual inspection, & impending storm, I am calling for PHMSA & DEQ to suspend operation of Line 5 until a visual evaluation is complete & Michiganders can be sure that Line 5’s integrity has not been compromised … Following reports of multiple dents in Line 5 caused by vessel activity in the Straits of Mackinac, I demanded answers from U.S. Coast Guard officials on the decision to keep the pipeline operational.pic.twitter.com/LCHJy4NjIC President Trump needs to drain his own swamp and fire Scott Pruitt. As EPA Administrator, he’s not only rolled back critical environmental protections but he’s also wasted taxpayer money with first-class travel, lavish raises & more I voted against Scott Pruitt for EPA Administrator because I knew he would put special interests & big oil corporations ahead of our environment, clean air and safe water. The investigation into Russia’s election interference is critical to protecting our democracy from foreign manipulation. President Trump needs to stop undermining this investigation with threats to fire Special Counsel Mueller or Deputy AG Rosenstein #ProtectMueller … WATCH: I questioned Mark Zuckerberg on how Facebook is going to protect consumers, deliver meaningful privacy and restore confidence in its platformpic.twitter.com/lBGC4GgfFs Seventy-five years ago today, the Warsaw Ghetto bravely fought back against Nazi Occupation. Yom HaShoah was established on this day to honor their courage. Today we remember the six millions Jews & millions more murdered by the Nazis in the Holocaust.  #NeverForget & #NeverAgain Facebook has some serious questions to answer – including how they will protect personal info of over two billion users. I’ll be asking Mark Zuckerberg about that today. Tune in here to watch:  The gender pay gap doesn’t just hurt women - it hurts families, making it more difficult to pay for their kid’s college education, afford quality health care and save for retirement. It’s time to close the gender pay gap and ensure equal pay for equal work. #EqualPayDaypic.twitter.com/zZfubGKKUL Congratulations @SenDuckworth on the arrival of Maile Pearl. So happy for you and your family! … What an awesome view of the Mackinac Bridge all the way from space, courtesy of astronaut and Michigan native @Astro_Feustel … A little cold weather didn’t stop my DC staff from running. Congrats on finishing @CUCB 10 mile run!pic.twitter.com/tWRDURbaaY The Wolverines are playing in their second final four of the week – good luck to @umichhockey in tonight’s #FrozenFour matchup! #GoBlue … Today marks an exciting new chapter for self-driving vehicles in Michigan! Congratulations to @acmwillowrun - I'm proud to be a part of this project & I look forward to your continued leadership in the development of this life-saving tech  50 yrs ago today, the world lost Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., an inspirational leader who fought for justice & opportunity for all. Today, Americans from all walks of life continue to follow his legacy as we rise to meet new challenges & fulfill his dream of equality. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/cc5kUbYA1W Congrats to @cityofmuskegon on winning Strongest Town award from @StrongTowns! Thanks to a commitment from city leaders and community members, Muskegon has taken advantage of beautiful Lake Michigan views and restored their historic downtown to build an even brighter future … 5 down, 1 to go! Tonight Michigan plays in the #NationalChampionship game! Bring it on home @umichbball #GoBlue … Wishing a very happy and blessed #Easter to all Michiganders celebrating today! Tonight Jewish families across Michigan will gather around the Seder table to retell the Passover story of freedom and redemption. To all those celebrating I wish you a Happy Passover! Mother Nature may have pushed it a day, but @tigers #OpeningDay is finally here. Good luck this season! #DetroitSummers … Predatory payday lenders can cause serious long-term financial harm for families who need quick cash to pay for car repairs, medical bills & other emergencies. I’m joining colleagues to demand @CFPB put consumers first & maintain a rule that cracks down on payday lending schemespic.twitter.com/qABcPd0yHe In 2000, @SenStabenow became the first woman to represent Michigan in the U.S. Senate. She has put MI families first, supported our state’s farms & businesses and fought to protect the Great Lakes. I’m proud to celebrate her legacy during #WomensHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/gr9VE96Wkx The City of Howell has transformed @DowntownHowell into a cultural destination & a thriving community of entrepreneurs & small businesses. Congrats on winning the 2018 Great American @NatlMainStreet Award. … Happy birthday to my daughter, Maddy. Your mom and I are so proud of the young woman you have become! I hope you have a wonderful daypic.twitter.com/H9dCXMmKMz Great to be at the Great Lakes Bay Region Boy Scouts breakfast! @boyscouts helped shape who I am today. Thank you for all you do to teach the value of service and prepare the next generation of leaders.pic.twitter.com/83AyXmJciY Congrats to @FerrisMBBALL for making the DII NCAA Tournament finals and good luck in today’s championship game! #RiseWithUs … I’m inspired by the energy and activism at today’s #MarchForOurLives in DC. Colleen and I are proud to join so many young people and families in calling for sensible gun safety laws and an end to mass shooting tragedies.pic.twitter.com/0U8A1qQbgO #OTD 8 years ago today the #AffordableCareAct was signed into law & millions of Americans were able to afford quality health care. In Congress, I am fighting against repeated attempts to repeal the law, which would hurt Michigan families and send health care costs soaring … For over a year, the President has failed to appoint a director for the Office of Science and Technology Policy. If America is going to remain at the forefront of science, technology and innovation, we must have a qualified director to lead us. … Had a great visit with @MichFarmBureau this week. Michigan’s farmers work hard for us every day & I’m working hard in Washington to make sure they have resources to invest in their farms and protect their businesses from unfair trade practicespic.twitter.com/bCiF41v0AE The snow in Washington may have closed the federal government, but it definitely wasn’t going to stop Michigan students. Thanks for braving the bad weather to come and ask me some great questions!pic.twitter.com/HUoJmIDg2C It took four tries, but MI women never gave up & in 1918 they won the right to vote. 100 years later, a new group of women activists are fighting for equality, w/ marches around the country & a record number of women running for office. #WomensHistoryMonth  Small farmers help our communities thrive. I’m working to make sure Michigan small farmers have access to the capital they need to start, run and expand their operations. Happy National #AgDay! Thank you to the farmers who feed our families & drive our economy as Michigan’s second largest industry.pic.twitter.com/CkIu5tNPp5 No matter what, Michigan is already in the #FinalFour. Check out how the Upper Peninsula is continuing its tradition of providing the wood floor for the #NCAATournament @FinalFour court.  We owe it to American taxpayers to makes sure their money is being spent without waste, fraud or abuse. Today @SenJoniErnst and I are demanding answers from the Trump Administration on their federal travel spending practices … ICYMI from @FOX17: I was in Coopersville last week to see firsthand how MI farms have benefited from @usdafsa loans. I’m working to make sure this program can continue helping small farms secure affordable credit w/o having to wait on Congress to actpic.twitter.com/Nk8AgpXjeh T/y to all the amazing @miamericorps members and alums for the extraordinary impact you have made across Michigan. Your volunteer service is lifting up our communities and making them stronger … This aged well. Tough break Jon. #GoBlue … Proud to stand with @mssociety in support of #MSAwareness Week and the 2.3 million people worldwide fighting this diseasepic.twitter.com/ZV0ZSnNMFC Like our small businesses, students and families, America’s farmers deserve to have affordable loan options as they continue to support and sustain us.pic.twitter.com/GkznqKDGWx Wishing a very happy birthday to my wonderful mother! Gigi, Jackie and I are lucky to call you Mom. Sorry that I’m in DC and can’t be with you, but I hope you enjoy your day!pic.twitter.com/m0CfOAZ5rU Everyone agrees that updating our roads, bridges and ports is a must, but we need a plan that doesn’t overburden cash-strapped local and state governments, put us further in debt, and raise costs on commuters with toll roads.pic.twitter.com/y4MpWWgJEe Excited to join @SenJoniErnst for a @DefenseOne discussion on the future of national defense. Tune in live:  Great Choice! #GoGreen … The support offered by foundations has been critical to Michigan’s resurgence. Thank you to @michfoundations for all you and your members do to make Michigan a better place. … Students across Michigan – and around the country – are speaking out and demanding change to stop gun violence. We need to listen and Congress needs to act.  Thank you to Michigan members of @dstinc1913 for coming to Washington and advocating for local communities across our state. Every year, I look forward to meeting with you and hearing about your passion to create positive change for future generations!pic.twitter.com/OyLkPlocwV Happy #313Day, Detroit! You look beautiful, as always.pic.twitter.com/xwb1wAk40h Toured @NOAA_GLERL in Ann Arbor to get an up close look at how a partnership between @LimnoTech, @umich and NOAA is helping to protect the Great Lakes that provide millions of people across our region with clean drinking water.pic.twitter.com/9GnVlAxa3L Wishing @girlscouts a happy 106th birthday! Thank you for building courage, confidence and character in countless girls across the country, including my own two daughters Thank you @UMich, @waynestate & @scicoalition for all your work to advance scientific research. I was honored to receive your Champion of Science award & I look forward to continuing to work w/ you to make federal investments in basic science a top prioritypic.twitter.com/9gkNsHry4E Thank you to Bill Mangan  - owner of Mangan’s Irish Hut in Macomb County – for this superb performance of “When Irish Eyes Are Smiling” during today’s Detroit St. Patrick’s Paradepic.twitter.com/WewV8Er52F I was proud to join the entire community in honoring good Samaritans Sean English & Dr. Cynthia Ray. Sean lost his foot & Cyndi tragically lost her life helping victims of a car crash. We also recognized Michigan State Police Trooper Patrick Arena who treated their injuries.pic.twitter.com/M1tSZRLKjt Colleen & I had a great time at the Detroit St. Patrick’s Parade this afternoon. So glad we could be there to help celebrate 60 years of this Corktown tradition!pic.twitter.com/yRx1s4Hmuy Thank you @MichFarmBureau for supporting my bill to help small farmers do what they do best - grow the food that feeds our nation & our economy. … Had a great visit at Dream Winds Dairy in Coopersville today. Heard firsthand from owner Paul Windemuller how @usdafsa loans were instrumental in helping to grow his business from 30 cows to now over 200 head of cattlepic.twitter.com/tylUVa1K1t Working w/ @sendavidperdue to make sure small farmers don’t have to wait to get loans they’ve already been approved for. Increasing the @usdafsa loan program's flexibility will allow farmers to focus on growing their products and our economypic.twitter.com/EkQFwwkCrZ Michigan small farmers like Paul rely on Farm Service Agency loans to buy equipment, land & other essentials to start and grow their businesses. I’m working to strengthen the FSA loan program so family farms can access the capital they needpic.twitter.com/jFHwHT1Z3L On #InternationalWomensDay we celebrate the trailblazers & pioneers who fought for #womensrights and the leaders of today who are carrying on the fight for equality by continuing to #PressforProgress T/y to @MichAgBiz for coming to DC to discuss ways to continue strengthening Michigan’s agricultural sectorpic.twitter.com/tx3R5Ztleo Proud to have worked to make sure MEP has the federal resources it needs to boost more small and mid-sized manufacturers across Michigan Great to have Mike Coast of @Proudtomfrinmi, Jim Wolf of @AvalonTahoe & Bob Jacquart of @StormyKromer come in & share how the Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) is helping Michigan manufacturers thrive and grow.pic.twitter.com/Rre6loblgM Great meeting Neha Seshadri & Quinn Favret, who are representing Michigan as part of the @SenateYouth Washington Week. Their dedication to academics & leadership and commitment to serving others through volunteering is truly impressivepic.twitter.com/Mk1TWS4XUe Purchasing a dining set that exceeds median wage American workers take home in a year is an incredible misuse of taxpayer funds & I want to know why it was ever approved in the first place … Great to meet with dozens of Michiganders attending the @AIPAC policy conference as we celebrate #Israelat70 and continue to work to strengthen the U.S.–Israel relationshippic.twitter.com/xIgKkTwQlV The clock is ticking and we need your help. We only need one more vote to restore #NetNeutrality and #SaveTheInternet. Make calls, send emails, speak out and keep the pressure up!pic.twitter.com/YpVBcbggCM Congratulations @umichbball! Back-to-back #B1GTourney titles is a tremendous accomplishment! … Maxine Berman wasn’t just my colleague, she was my friend. There aren’t words to explain how much I will miss her. Maxine was a legend and a trailblazer, and the light of her example will illuminate opportunities for the generations lucky enough to follow her. Deeply saddened to see another tragic incident of gun violence, this time in Michigan. I am heartbroken for the victims and praying for the safety of Mount Pleasant and @CMUniversity community as first responders work to apprehend the shooter. Looking forward to some #B1GTourney basketball this week! You might’ve guess, but I’ll be rooting for our Michigan schools. Who are you rooting for? Reply and let me know!  … Michigan families & servicemembers unknowingly exposed to dangerous chemicals deserve the best care we can give them. We need to determine the impact of the contamination on Michiganders’ health to prevent further exposure & provide treatment.  Sen. Peters on military application of self-driving tech: “We lost more soldiers in logistics operations driving through dangerous terrain than in combat.” Self-flying fighter planes also on the tablepic.twitter.com/U4z3qklZA3 Glad to join @axios & @mikeallen for an interesting discussion on the future of self-driving cars and how connectivity will change the future of mobility. #Axios360 … Big Boy might’ve taken a fall, but he sure didn’t fall down on the job - that hamburger is still in perfect condition! But as a former @ItsYourBigBoy busboy, I can’t say I’m surprised by this kind of dedicationpic.twitter.com/rOgbAbH2S9 We need ONE. MORE. VOTE. We've got to #savethenet, and you can help. WATCH, share, and help us find one more senator. #netneutrality #savetheinternet #onemorevotepic.twitter.com/8Ezms4snBB Proud to work with @LCVoters to protect our environment & preserve the #GreatLakes and honored to receive a perfect score on the #LCVScorecard … As a descendant of an American Revolutionary Soldier & the son of a French immigrant, reading Washington’s Farewell Address reminded me that despite our differences, we are one great American nation. Proud to join others who have delivered the address & share my thoughtspic.twitter.com/igk2lA4suU Tens of thousands of Michiganders contacted my office in opposition to FCC rollback of #NetNeutrality. By introducing the Congressional Review Act, we have taken the first steps to keeping the internet free and open for all users. We just need one more vote to #SavetheInternetpic.twitter.com/4Uj04eFQGw Headed to to join my colleagues and other #NetNeutrality champions for a rally in support of a free and open internetpic.twitter.com/uei66uvP7D Excited to take part in the Senate’s annual tradition & deliver President George Washington’s Farewell Address on the Senate floor. His message of strength through unity is just as relevant today as when he spoke these words more than 200 years ago. Watch:   MI Democrat @SenGaryPeters today delivers the annual reading of Washington's Farewell Address in Senate chamber. Since 1896, Senate has observed Washington's birthday by selecting one Senator to read 7,641-word statement rotating between parties.  … @cspan 2 Today the FCC published their rule that could end #NetNeutrality protections. That’s the bad news. The good news is we have 60 days to stop it and we only need one more vote in the Senate to do it. We must keep fighting for a fair and open internet!pic.twitter.com/t2xz3P8lG5 Who will be representing Michigan at the National Finals of the NSB this spring? None other than Troy High School (Troy, MI) - we look forward to welcoming them to DC! #NSB2018  … @TROYActivities Congratulations @ShibSibs on another amazing performance and earning your second medal at the 2018 #WinterOlympics You are doing a great job representing Michigan and the United States!  Michigan’s booming craft brewery business is getting even better! Today more Michigan farmers are growing the hops that make Michigan brews some of the best in the world.  EPA Admin Scott Pruitt is traveling in style on the taxpayer’s dime, and @SenatorCarper and I are demanding answers on this wasteful and inappropriate use of taxpayer moneypic.twitter.com/tCzB5g1srz The #ALERTAct will hold universities leaders accountable & make sure that “I didn’t know” can never again be an excuse for permitting abuse against our children  When we send our children to college there’s an expectation that the schools will keep them safe. Following the horrific abuses scandals at MSU & Penn State, it's clear that too many young people have suffered harm from abusers who should have been stopped by university officials I’m working w/ @SenatorBurr to help create a level playing field for American manufacturers & agricultural by giving Commerce Dept. more tools to investigate dumping of imported goods that undercuts U.S. businesses  Michigan’s small & mid-sized businesses often have the deck stacked against them by foreign companies that flood the market with artificially cheaper goods. Unfortunately, many businesses lack the resources to identify & fight these unfair trade abuses Schools should be safe places for our kids to learn. I’m deeply saddened by today’s shooting in Florida and thinking about the children, teachers and families who are enduring this terrible tragedy. The President’s infrastructure plan fails to recognize the urgency for universal connectivity - especially for communities on the wrong side of the digital divide - providing zero dollars of dedicated funding for rural broadbandpic.twitter.com/0o3qaUaMEk The #10KSmallBiz program has helped Michigan’s entrepreneurs grow their businesses and create good paying jobs. I was honored to meet with over 100 Michigan small business owners who were visiting DC for today’s #10KSBgrads eventpic.twitter.com/xFCUdFJqGO My time as an Eagle Scout taught me the value of serving others & your community. For 100 years, @boyscouts Troop 761 has been cultivating young men to be Michigan’s future leaders. Congratulations on a century of excellence!  Happy birthday to my son, Gary Jr! I hope your birthday is filled with pic.twitter.com/M95sbwPdB9 Congrats to Ann Arbor’s Maia and Alex Shibutani on placing 2nd in the free ice dance and helping earn @TeamUSA a bronze medal in the team figure skating competition. #WinterOlympic  Once again, Trump has presented a budget that would cut the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative by 90%. Like last year, I'll work w/ colleagues from both parties to make sure GLRI has full funding so it can continue cleaning up Great Lakes  Congrats to Lt. Col. John Hall – a teacher at Kearsley High School in Flint – for making successful @USArmy parachute jumps 30 years apart! Thank you for your service to our nation as a soldier and in the classroom  It was an honor to speak with you Robert! Thank you for sharing your inspirational story with me. If you are a Michigan veteran who needs assistance with the VA or other government agencies, don’t hesitate to call my office at 844-506-7420 … Over 500 members of Congress voted to enact sanctions against Russia. What kind of signal does it send to Vladimir Putin when the Administration puts Russia ahead of duly elected Members of Congress and the American people?pic.twitter.com/FpqZhRODPJ Lurching from crisis to crisis is no way to govern. We need to fix our dysfunctional budget process so Congress can responsibly fulfill its most basic duty - funding the governmentpic.twitter.com/mUNgiI6e7K Congrats to @boyscouts Troop 215 in Grand Rapids on turning 100! As an Eagle Scout, I’m proud to honor this troop that has instilled the value of leadership through service in countless scouts – including President Gerald Ford and Astronaut Roger Chaffee  I urged Senate leaders to include funding for community health centers & I’m glad this deal will help health centers across Michigan stay open so they can continue to offer affordable health care to Michigan veterans, seniors and families. The budget deal offers certainty to our military and addresses many outstanding funding priorities. I hope Congress quickly passes this bipartisan solution that keeps the government functioning & helps middle class families.  As a member of @SASCDems I hear regularly from Dept. of Defense officials about underfunded military priorities. Not once have I been told “we need money for a parade.”  I’m joining a bipartisan group of my colleagues – led by @SenStabenow – in calling for Senate leadership to extend funding for community health centers so they can continue to provide cost-effective carepic.twitter.com/paMxd1A7t3 Community health centers offer preventative care to families in both cities and rural communities, they help fight the opioid epidemic and they offer affordable, quality medical, dental, vision and behavioral health care to more than 27 million Americans Joined @michpca in wearing red to highlight need to fund community health centers, which offer medical, dental, vision and mental health services to 680,000 Michiganders. Thank you @michpca for your advocacy! #RedAlert4CHCspic.twitter.com/TZMajcncIU The innovation and imagination behind today’s historic launch will help further our goal of expanding human exploration of deep space. … Joe worked tirelessly to represent the people of Southeast Michigan. He was a true statesman and a well-respected gentleman - exactly the kind of person you want to see in public service. My thoughts are with his family and friends.  If you like this thread, then you’ll love the hearing @RandPaul and I are holding on “Terrible, No Good, Very Bad Ways of Funding Government” coming up at 2:30 today   … Equifax committed a disgraceful breach of consumer trust by failing to protect personal information of 143 million Americans, and they should be held accountable. It’s alarming that the agency designed to protect consumers is letting Equifax off the hook.  T/y @deteconomicclub for inviting me to speak on MI leadership in innovation during the 21st century. Our state is poised to be at the forefront of big ideas in self-driving vehicles & AI – but we have to harness this opportunity to secure a brighter futurepic.twitter.com/lLwqgtNJlp In 1955, Rosa Parks took a stand by staying seated & sparked the Montgomery bus boycott. Later, she moved to Detroit where she continued to fight for civil rights & justice. On her birthday, we celebrate her legacy that continues to inspire so many people todaypic.twitter.com/IhUJ2fDyg4 The #NunesMemo is a distraction from the core issue - a foreign adversary interfered in our election and is planning to do it again. What we should be focused on is figuring out how Russia meddled in our democracy & and how we can stop it from ever happening again. Michigan is poised to be a hub for transformative technologies that will not only create good paying jobs, but will also change the way we interact with the world. Looking forward to joining @deteconomicclub on Monday to discuss the economic potential of the Great Lakes State … Space exploration doesn’t just answer the big questions of where we came from or whether there is life on other planets. It yields incredible breakthroughs in technology & science that have commercial applications & help grow our economy. Watch full video:  pic.twitter.com/lZdooUbLvP MEP is a proven success, which is why I worked to make sure the program has the resources it needs to help more manufacturers compete and succeed Proud to support the Manufacturing Extension Partnership – and its state affiliates like Michigan’s @Proudtomfrinmi – which have had measurable successes helping small and medium sized manufacturers grow their businessespic.twitter.com/mqIZA9KPjm As we commemorate #BlackHistoryMonth, we honor the countless ways that African Americans have shaped the story of MI & our remarkable nation. Looking forward, we must recommit ourselves to the cause of justice & renew our efforts to build a brighter future for the next generationpic.twitter.com/N2XQcUM7ge No business can budget for just 2 or 3 weeks at a time – and neither should the federal government. We need to do what the American people sent us here to do - work together to find bipartisan solutions for a long-term spending billpic.twitter.com/zf6hl6H3Te Rising tuition costs are often a barrier to hardworking, motivated students who are trying to earn a college degree. My bill – #MEAA – supports innovative programs that create more affordable educational opportunities for MI students  Saddened to hear there are serious injuries and one death in this accident. My heart goes out to their family and friends My thoughts are with my Republican colleagues and all those affected by the train accident. Thankful for the quick action by our first responders.  Happy to welcome my guest for the State of the Union, Mike Jackson of @MRCCUnion. We want to hear from the President that he is committed to a meaningful federal infrastructure investment that will create good-paying jobs for Michigan workers – w/o undercutting wage protectionspic.twitter.com/rv4embATFK The White House claims these Russia sanctions aren’t needed, but President Trump’s own CIA Director says Russia will likely target America’s 2018 elections. Now is not the time to let up the pressure on Vladimir Putin  Congress passed Russia sanctions bill to send a message to Putin that interference in U.S. elections will not be tolerated. Outrageous that the President does not want to stand up to foreign meddling in our democracy  Happening Now: I’m live on Facebook discussing space exploration and what it can teach us with @BillNye. Watch it:   Where did we come from? Are we alone in the universe? At 12:15 PM I will join @BillNye to discuss how planetary science can help answer these questions. Tune in:  pic.twitter.com/yFkh9UyPQ9 Join me and @BillNye tomorrow at 12:15 PM for a Facebook discussion on space exploration, the formation of the Planetary Science Caucus and STEM education.  pic.twitter.com/Cn5qHhuzGl Honored to have Mike Jackson of @MRCCUnion as my guest for the State of the Union. I’m standing w/ Mike to make sure that any federal infrastructure proposal will create good paying jobs for Michigan workers  SOON: I’ll join @mibigshow with Michael Patrick Shiels. Tune in! Americans deserve answers on Russian attempts to manipulate our democracy. Robert Mueller must be allowed to finish his investigation without any outside interference.  Today on International Holocaust Remembrance Day we honor the memory of  the six million Jews and millions more killed by the Nazis in the Holocaust simply because of who they were.  We must be ever vigilant. Today and everyday: #NeverAgain Glad to be in Macomb County today to take part in Clinton Township State of the Township & Anchor Bay Chamber of Commerce State of the Bay events. I value hearing from local officials & community leaders on the area’s priorities & how I can support them in the U.S. Senatepic.twitter.com/6Cpf5AE6mf Happy 181st Birthday Michigan! It is my tremendous honor to serve the Great Lakes State in the U.S. Senatepic.twitter.com/0PCTqRVNmb Saddened to hear of the Detroit police officer who was shot last night and the two MSP deputies who were shot yesterday. My heart goes out to them, their families and their colleagues. Grateful for those who place themselves in harm’s way to protect our communities each day Parents entrust colleges and universities with the future of their daughters and sons, and the safety of their children demands nothing less than the full attention of the institutions that cash their tuition checks Yesterday Larry Nassar was sentenced to up 175 years in prison, but that does not mark the end of this traumatic ordeal. I’m calling for congressional hearings & investigations into sexual abuse of collegiate & amateur athletes. Read my full statement:   Honored to receive the #autos2050 Innovation Award! Self-driving vehicles will revolutionize how we get around and my bill will help make sure this technology is ready for our roads … We will never be able to fully account for the damage Larry Nassar has done his victims. As an MSU alumnus, I add my voice to those calling for President Simon’s resignation. Read my full statement:   Congress reauthorized CHIP, but we’ve still got work to do. Community Health Centers - and the 12,700 Michigan veterans who rely on them - are at risk if Congress doesn’t take action  Congress cannot wait for President Trump to act – and neither can countless Michigan families. We need a long term spending agreement that dedicates resources to combat the opioid crisis … Pleased to work w bipartisan group to find solution that opens the gov’t. We must keep working together to address other outstanding issues for Michigan families - a budget that works for them, opioid crisis & funding for health care centers used by over 600,000 people in MI Heading to another bipartisan meeting with my colleagues this morning to continue working on a plan to open the federal governmentpic.twitter.com/w1TL2b3vJe Had a productive meeting with a bipartisan group of 22 Senators today and feeling hope that we can reach a solution soon … I’m at the Capitol this weekend working with my Republican and Democratic colleagues to get the federal government up and running again, while dealing with pressing issues like a long-term budget agreement, children’s health care and relief for Dreamers.pic.twitter.com/Ctd16YGyn4 The 2018 @NAIASDetroit is filled to the brim w/ the latest cars, powerful trucks, advanced supercars and electric and self-driving vehicle technology. You won’t want to miss this year’s show!    Trump Administration wants to rewrite a rule that stops payday lenders from taking advantage of borrowers who work hard to make meets ends. This is wrong. CFPB was created to protect consumers from dangerous practices just like this  Michigan’s investment in artificial intelligence & self-driving tech will yield future economic and job opportunities in the auto industry and in fields as diverse as health care and defense manufacturing … Affordable access to healthcare and substance abuse treatment programs is saving lives in the fight against opioids. GOP’s misleading claims to the contrary aren’t supported by research … The vast majority of Michiganders who have contacted my office support #NetNeutrality protections. This is not a partisan issue - internet service providers should not be able to decide what Michigan consumers and small businesses can access on the internetpic.twitter.com/bR4nb34lEX Thank you to @michiganstateu for sharing your research on self-driving cars with me today during @AutoMobiliD … More trucks at the @Ford exhibit, this time the brand new, redesigned Ford Ranger that was unveiled earlier this week during @NAIASDetroitpic.twitter.com/L2BpGgMgac Checked out @FiatChrysler_NA exhibit where they are featuring the latest @RamTrucks which will be built in Warrenpic.twitter.com/5lrU7K4QGH Latest #Chevy #Bolt is a great example of the successful @chevrolet investments in electric vehicle techpic.twitter.com/XXhcbrANtn The @Cadillac #CT6 I’m sitting in is built right down the road from the auto show in @GM’s assembly plant in Hamtramck. This kind of craftsmanship is a testament to Michigan's talented auto workerspic.twitter.com/OPjUQj5pH6 At 11:30 AM I’m joining @POLITICO for a conversation on the future of mobility and how Michigan – and America – are leading the way in developing self-driving cars that will save lives. Tune in live from @NAIASDetroit:   Excited to be in the Motor City this morning for the 2018 @NAIASDetroit where the newest cars and advancements in tech are being unveiled along side the classics that inspired them, showing off the best of Michigan’s automotive past and futurepic.twitter.com/43kNlvqNZU Now more than ever, we need Americans from all walks of life to follow Dr. King’s example by taking action, serving their communities and standing up for the rights we all hold dear. Together we can bring our nation closer to equality, justice & opportunity for all people Dr. King was deeply committed to pursuing equal opportunity, but he taught us that progress comes from the hard work of everyday Americans striving to make our society better. Today we celebrate the legacy of civil rights icon Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. by honoring his call to action to secure a better and brighter future for our nation. #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/2Mf4BY8aBA It was my tremendous honor to take part in @waynestate’s celebration of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s legacy and introduce a true champion of his message of selfless service and justice – Attorney General Loretta Lynchpic.twitter.com/hf1x1BygOV Thank you to the Michigan #Dreamers who are making their voices heard in Washington, I stand with you. Congress needs to pass the DREAM Act and #ProtectDreamers … Congratulations to Macomb County on your bicentennial. I look forward to your continued growth and prosperity for many years to come … In Michigan we grow the best apples, cherries, and beards … T/y to @SenatorCollins for your work in helping to pass this provision that allows fire departments to use their limited resources to hire the best first responders for their communities … FCC vote to repeal #NetNeutrality protections boosts big corporations who can buy ticket to internet fastlane. Senate should vote on @SenMarkey’s bill to reverse the FCC decision and reinstate these protections I support #NetNeutrality b/c I stand w small businesses and MI consumers who rely on the internet to sell goods, keep in touch with loved ones or further their education Thank you to all the dedicated law enforcement officers who serve and protect our communities every day #LawEnforcementAppreciationDaypic.twitter.com/PkNFPVM6OC 9 million kids who rely on CHIP are at risk of losing their health care, but Congress has yet to act and the clock is ticking. This should be a no-brainer. #ExtendCHIP so millions of children are not left w/o health carepic.twitter.com/5Vnd5x0vvM MI has always been leader in auto manufacturing & now our suppliers are finding new and exciting applications for their technology. Visited Viconic Defense in Taylor today for look at their work to help protect U.S. servicemembers from injury during vehicle crash or explosionpic.twitter.com/0HpHDy8BtJ Our country faces cyber threats from adversaries across the globe. Today’s activation of new @MINationalGuard cyber squadron at Battle Creek ANGB cements MI’s role as leader in cyber defense & national security. T/y to these airmen for your servicepic.twitter.com/CmeLGnV2Nt Heavy ice on the Great Lakes disrupts vital shipping lanes - making it harder to transport goods to consumers. That’s why I’m working to bring another @USCG icebreaker to the Great Lakes and keep our economy humming all year round.   Piper was not just a team member of @TraverseCity airport - he was a cherished member of the community & had two and four-legged pals from all corners of Michigan. RIP Piper: you will be missed. #airportk9pic.twitter.com/PCUXliuvN4 Proud to work with @SenatorCollins to pass this bill which will benefit local fire departments across the nation & use taxpayer $ more efficiently I’m pleased that President signed into law my provision that gives local fire departments the flexibility to use their limited resources for promoting trained & experienced part-time firefighters to full-time  pic.twitter.com/xOiUwANup1 In Michigan we call this spring … Glad to welcome new Senators Doug Jones and Tina Smith to the Senate! I look forward to working with you bothpic.twitter.com/QxxzCy2Yer CHIP has been reauthorized on a bipartisan basis since its inception because it works. Congress must once again come together to #ExtendCHIP so 100,000 MI children of working families do not have health care ripped away From my family to yours, #MerryChristmaspic.twitter.com/5R5mvj4BrL Happy Holidays Michigan! Best wishes for a peaceful holiday season and a joyful New Year.pic.twitter.com/WYdbmnHAR6 Thinking of starting the Bipartisan Senate Beard Caucus. What say you @BenSasse?pic.twitter.com/UZOGNuFZdV Hope you can rest up and get well soon! … State of MI just informed my office that next month, they’ll start notifying MI families w/ kids on CHIP that their children may lose their health care if we don’t #ExtendCHIP. Meanwhile, Congressional Rs are boarding charter buses to celebrate tax cuts for corporations & CEO’spic.twitter.com/UfxEZYMLd1 Republicans are saying corporate tax cuts will raise wages. Here’s why that’s not true.pic.twitter.com/bLrAa2jcSm In 1986, our last major tax reform bill passed Senate 97-3 after 36 days of public hearings over 10 months.    This time? The bill was written completely behind closed doors, no input from Democrats, and is being rushed to meet an artificial, self-imposed deadline. (5/5) GOP tax bill blows $1.4 trillion hole in our deficit, leaving our children and grandchildren to foot the bill while hamstringing long-term funding for our military, Medicare & Social Security (4/5) Health care costs for middle class families will go up & number of insured will increase by 13 million. For the sickest Americans, health insurance costs could make coverage simply unattainable (3/5) This bill overwhelmingly favors the wealthy & corporations with permanent tax cuts that CEO’s admit will go to shareholders  -  not passed down to workers. Since the Senate passed its version, $70 billion of stock buybacks have already been announced. (2/5) THREAD: The Senate is set to vote on the Republican tax bill tonight. I can’t support this plan b/c it’s not a good deal for Michigan middle class families (1/5) No stamp can do justice to the beauty of  @SleepingBearNPS, but glad people across the country will be able to enjoy even a small part of this Michigan treasurepic.twitter.com/WHOsSZKrov Proud to join my colleagues in introducing a resolution to restore #NetNeutrality protections and fight against the FCC’s decision that harms MI families and small businesses who rely on open internet access … The Senate has had 3 bipartisan hearings on fish & Magnuson-Stevens Act reauthorization. But we’ve had zero hearings on the Republican tax bill. Fisheries are important, but c’mon folks... It would be unconscionable to rip health care away from children during the most formative years of their life & increase costs for working families trying to keep their kids healthy. #ExtendCHIPpic.twitter.com/cdNX4OOwab Universities & companies across MI are creating new jobs & developing the next big thing in transportation. Once self-driving cars can operate in Michigan snow & ice, then we’ll know they are truly ready for anything!  I completely oppose the FCC’s vote to scrap #NetNeutrality and stand with the thousands of Michiganders who called my office opposing this anti-consumer decisionpic.twitter.com/GwsF1yqSzx Let me be clear – repealing #NetNeutrality is…    Anti-innovation    Anti- competition    Anti- consumerpic.twitter.com/tZyG1g5z2S MI is taking another step forward as the world leader in auto innovation with the opening of @acmwillowrun! Companies & researchers from around the world will test self-driving cars here in MI to get them ready for our roads  If #NetNeutrality is rolled back, large corporations that can pay for internet fast lanes will have unfair advantages over small businesses and startups that are the backbone of American economypic.twitter.com/epygdjKLB1 Wishing my friends in the Michigan Jewish community a #HappyHanukkah May these nights be filled with light and celebration Startups create millions of new jobs every year. Eliminating #NetNeutrality protections will limit small businesses’ ability to take risks and share innovative ideas with the world  Enough is enough - Congress needs to #ExtendCHIP now & ensure that more than 100,000 children of Michigan’s working families will still have health care next year.  The wait was far too long, but the award is much deserved. Congratulations to @tigers legends Alan Trammell and Jack Morris on being selected to the @baseballhall! Hopefully Lou Whitaker will also soon be recognized for his play  On #PearlHarborRemembranceDay we honor those who gave their lives defending our nation during the attack on Pearl Harbor 76 years ago todaypic.twitter.com/OPIWIGc4An #TBT to Colleen, Gary, Jr and me at the Silverdome circa 1996.  Can’t remember who won or lost, but one thing is certain - the 90s sweater game was definitely strong. While the Silverdome might be gone, I’m holding onto that sweater for when it comes back in style.pic.twitter.com/P6Nipoj6WB Pleased our provision advanced in the Senate, putting us one step closer to helping students who invested in their education repair their credit and secure a stronger financial footing A bad credit report from a default can negatively impact students’ long-term financial success. That’s why @SenCapito & I have teamed up to make sure private student loan borrowers have the same opportunity as federal loan borrowers to remove a default from their credit reportpic.twitter.com/Bucwkynm8b I think the time has come for Senator Franken to step down I had the opportunity to speak with these brave men and women remotely while I was in Afghanistan last month & see some of their incredible work up close. Congrats to the 110th Attack Wing and thank you for all you do to keep us safe. Did you know: the 110th Attack Wing in Battle Creek operates remotely piloted aircraft missions all across the world? Their dedication & skill is unmatched, and they couldn’t be more deserving of the @USAirForce’s Outstanding Unit Award:  Glad to see at least someone is getting tough on Russia … I joined @SenSherrodBrown in leading colleagues to call on President Trump to quickly nominate a strong advocate for consumers and the middle class to lead this extremely important agency.  .@CFPB has helped 29 million consumers who were cheated by financial companies, but Mick Mulvaney believes their mission is a “joke.” Happy birthday to the @AFLCIO! For over 60 years, you’ve battled on the frontlines to protect workers’ rights, improve workplace safety, and help all Americans access health care and retire with dignity. T/y for all that you have done Because of that, my colleagues and I are calling on the FCC to delay its 12/14 vote to eliminate these crucial protections. Something as important as #NetNeutrality should not be dismantled through a flawed, compromised process.pic.twitter.com/7fqZWg6nNw You can’t make this up: fake comments from bots may be drowning out voices of real consumers calling for #NetNeutrality protections, and thousands of complaints seemingly disappeared from the FCC’s record.  Sandy Levin has been a mentor & role model for me, his dedication to public service will be missed in Congress & SE Michigan. Sandy’s lasting legacy will be his commitment to improving the lives of working people. My full statement on his retirement:   The Senate had an opportunity to craft bipartisan tax reform that truly focused on middle class families & helped to raise wages. Instead, the GOP rammed through a bill written behind closed doors that will force our children to foot the bill for their financially reckless plan Our tax code should be fairer, simpler & fiscally responsible. Unfortunately the bill passed this morning adds over $1 trillion to nat’l debt to pay for permanent corporate cuts that benefit wealthy shareholders- w/ middle class families only receiving small, temporary tax breaks Always enjoy getting a visit to my DC office from @mayorbliss and hearing about the great things happening in @CityGrandRapids. Thanks for stopping by!pic.twitter.com/TXRF5PfLMY Even under the rosiest projections, the #GOPTaxPlan would still add over $1 trillion to the national Debt. That is not fiscally conservative, it’s fiscally irresponsible. For many working families, the #GOPTaxPlan means a change of less than $100 per year – that is not a middle class tax cut.pic.twitter.com/38ecClFmX8 CEO’s and the @federalreserve chair agree: #GOPTaxPlan will boost corporate shareholders, not workers’ wages.  pic.twitter.com/oH2ImcCrcn Headed to the floor right now to speak out for tax reform that is fair, simple and fiscally responsible. Tune in!pic.twitter.com/tmWY3yJfKl Proud to meet with Michigan members of @AIPAC and celebrate the 70th anniversary of the @UN vote to create a Jewish state.  #Israel70pic.twitter.com/d0I0726y6s The #GOPTaxPlan would add over $1 trillion to our already ballooning deficit and stick our children with the tab  It is unacceptable for the President to give a platform to dangerous and hateful rhetoric and groups. I’m proud to represent strong Muslim and Arab American communities in Michigan, and I stand with them against this kind of bigotry and hate. Thank you to the Albanian students who took the time to meet with me during their visit to @uscapitol in honor of Albania’s Independence Day. Wishing them and all Albanians around the world a Happy Independence Day! Gezuar!pic.twitter.com/sgYkVr2cXZ When it comes to tax policy, Congress should do what’s best for the American people - not the Republican or Democratic Party. I stand ready to work w/ my colleagues on bipartisan, fiscally responsible tax reform that strengthens the middle classpic.twitter.com/7FOzbZcyCU At 11 AM, I will join Democratic Senate colleagues to call for bipartisan, fiscally responsible tax reform that boosts our economy and strengthens the middle class. Tune in!   Michigan credit unions provide entrepreneurs capital to start businesses & help families with loans to pay for college or buy a car or home. Great to join @Genisyscu to open a new branch in Clinton Township so they can continue serving Michigan families in their communitypic.twitter.com/kzsxD4jLys T/y to @CandiceMiller @MarkHackel & @RobertJCannon for joining me to recognize the importance of GLRI funding that protects the Great Lakes for future generations Visited Gloede Drain in Clinton Township, a great example of how Great Lakes Restoration Initiative investments help clean up local waterways & preserve the Great Lakes as a vital drinking water sourcepic.twitter.com/69Wi2qVcHt Mick Mulvaney’s record of opposing @CFPB mission to protect consumers makes him unfit to serve as head of this important agency. #CFPB needs a director who will stand up for Michigan families over Wall Street & big banks  Small businesses create two out of every three jobs across the country. Today is #SmallBizSat, so remember to #ShopSmall and support your neighborhood shops, restaurants, breweries and other small businesses.pic.twitter.com/nJ0rFn5XS7 From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving! I hope everyone enjoyed their time with family and friendspic.twitter.com/9MzFa04JGY Great to spend Thanksgiving with my brother-in-law – even if he is a @Vikings fan. But I guess nobody is perfect. Go @Lions!pic.twitter.com/n4Az3QXNaG Wishing all Michiganders a happy and safe #Thanksgiving!pic.twitter.com/Moh7PjOdrw It was my privilege to meet with & thank MI servicemembers serving in Iraq & Afghanistan this Thanksgiving. During #MilitaryFamilyAppreciationMonth, we also send a special thank you to family members whose loved ones are deployed. Your sacrifice is too often overlooked.pic.twitter.com/e0j4kKGsx2 Small business owners work overtime so their companies can succeed. The #GOPTaxPlan will only make the tax code - and business owners’ lives - more complicatedpic.twitter.com/IjWVPOrDqn Congratulations to Clara Lapard of @michiganstateu and Nadine Jawad of @UMich on being named Rhodes scholars! This is a testament to the amazing research being done by Michigan’s students and universities  At a time when many middle class families are struggling to make ends meet, the #GOPTaxPlan gives huge tax breaks to the wealthiest CEOs & biggest corporations. That’s not a fair system.pic.twitter.com/NqZDbJB249 Tax reform should make our tax code fairer, simpler, and fiscally responsible. The #GOPTaxPlan fails at all threepic.twitter.com/iaYB1bIixI I stand w/ millions of Americans in opposition to FCC plan to gut #NetNeutrality rules that preserve a free and open internet. Internet providers should not be able to block or slow down what consumers can access online  #GOPTaxPlan raises costs on middle class families and drives up our nation’s deficit to line the pockets of the wealthy and big corporations  Michigan entrepreneurs are using their innovative ideas to solve the toughest challenges we face. Their hard work not only creates new jobs & grows our economy—it also helps make our world a better place. Proud to support MI’s entrepreneurs & enterprising spirit during #GEW2017 After the financial crisis, @CFPB was created to protect consumers from predatory financial practices. Mulvaney called it a “sick, sad” joke. We can’t put middle class financial security in the hands of a man who thinks protecting consumers isn't serious  My statement on Senator Frankenpic.twitter.com/ikJ1si40MS The #GOPTaxPlan will inflate our national debt by over a trillion dollars! This is wildly irresponsible – our children & grandchildren should not be burdened w/ this kind of debt in order to cut the taxes for millionaires, billionaires & big corporationspic.twitter.com/DKzl7zufgN Today on #WPCD we raise awareness for #pancreaticcancer that robs too many Americans of their loved ones. Early detection is critical with this deadly disease. Know the symptoms and learn what to do if you’re concerned you may have it:  .@CFPB helps enforce consumer protections, shields Americans from predatory financial practices & holds bad actors accountable. Its next director must continue CFPB’s mission & stand up for the middle class over special interests.  Congress should be working together to provide middle class tax relief, but this latest attack on health care is the final nail in the coffin for any hope of bipartisan tax reform Doctors and hospitals agree, injecting health care repeal into this tax bill is a bad idea  It’s bad enough that the Republican tax plan would blow a hole in the deficit to pay for tax breaks that disproportionately benefit millionaires & billionaires. Now they want to raise health care costs for the middle class & increase number of Michiganders w/o health insurance Tax reform should help boost Michigan’s middle class families, not line the pockets of wealthy CEOs and shareholders … Great talking w/ @WBKB11 in Alpena about my bill that would help get life-saving medication to Michigan kids suffering from opioid addiction. T/y for raising awareness about this important issue.  Michigan families face skyrocketing prescription drug prices. The nomination of a big pharmaceutical company exec for HHS Secretary raises serious questions about whether Michiganders can trust him to be on their side  Congrats to @DetroitBikes on receiving an Israel-U.S. BIRD Foundation grant to develop an energy efficient, low maintenance, high performance bicycle. This promises to be a great collaboration Great column from @freep on employee ownership plans that help keep businesses going for their employees long after owners retire  On #VeteransDay, we honor all the soldiers, sailors, airmen & Marines who answered the call of duty in defense of our nation & our values, and especially those who made the ultimate sacrifice.pic.twitter.com/KMvy9uGlJD This was not a sophisticated hack – #Equifax’s failure to patch their system allowed the bad guys to come right in. A clear case of gross negligence.pic.twitter.com/MyVEZU0rDA From the Halls of Montezuma to the shores of Tripoli and whether by air, land or sea for the last 242 years the @USMC have fought our battles, protected our nation & defended freedom around the world. Oohrah! Happy Birthday Marine Corps!pic.twitter.com/UEoWijj5Hs Experts say victims of #Equifax’s data breach are in danger of identity theft for the rest of their lives. So why is Equifax only paying for a year of protection?pic.twitter.com/ZbernXzWLP T/y @USChamber for your support of #AVSTART bill I intro’d w @SenJohnThune. Self-driving cars will transform how we get around while creating new development opportunities for American businesses. Working on getting it signed into lawpic.twitter.com/j5PxxLPnnY .@ThunderBayNMS generates over $100 million in economic activity & supports over 1,700 jobs in the region. Proud to stand w/ @SenStabenow to protect the only freshwater National Marine Sanctuary in U.S. … With the training and certifications students receive at @LCCStars they are prepared to hit the ground running in the aviation field as experts in aircraft maintenance & repair T/y to @LCCStars for giving me a firsthand look at their unique aviation maintenance tech program … My AV Start Act builds on work at research centers - like @michigantech in the UP - to safely test self-driving tech on a wider scale & get it ready for our roads. Read more from @TheDMG:   MI is home to research centers, testing facilities, universities and talented workforce that will usher in the next big leap in automotive innovation - self-driving cars We’re also requesting a federal investigation into Enbridge’s reporting failures, as well as the integrity & safety of Line 5. The Great Lakes are too important to risk a disastrous pipeline breakpic.twitter.com/zwoM6vMyYI It’s outrageous that Enbridge hid information on the safety of Line 5 in the Straits of Mackinac. @SenStabenow & I are demanding answers & transparency so any future damage to Line 5 is quickly released to the public & rapidly repairedpic.twitter.com/qmZzYSJj5c ICYMI via @nbc25fox66: “Peters Calls on the Trump Administration to Hold Drug Companies Accountable”pic.twitter.com/KDUXVEc348 Medal of Honor recipient James McCloughan is an American hero who risked his life to save his fellow soldiers as medic during the Vietnam War. Honored to celebrate him & all veterans who have sacrificed for our countrypic.twitter.com/NQUad7I0ul Horrified by the heartbreaking news coming from Sutherland Springs, TX. Devastating that this terrible attack happened as people were gathered to peacefully worship. Joined hundreds of riders to honor the sacrifice & valor of our veterans at the Metro Detroit Veterans Coalition Veterans Day parade. Thankful to all our men & women who have served our nationpic.twitter.com/XBhFJRiEPj Joined @SenCapito to introduce a bipartisan bill that will help get lifesaving addiction treatment to teens & set them on a path towards recovery  pic.twitter.com/wpmXAe69Ov The opioid epidemic has tragically impacted nearly 276,000 young people who are struggling to get treatment for this crushing addiction Was this even a contest? Michigander is the clear winner!  Janus v. @AFSCME case could undermine collective bargaining rights. Today and every day, we must #StandWithWorkerspic.twitter.com/gb37ITS2YF So glad that David & his family could be at today’s ceremony, which not only honored legacy of Eisenhower, but also service of WWII veterans who he led Incredibly special to meet WWII veteran David Levy from Southfield at the #EisenhowerMemorial groundbreaking today. Servicemembers like Mr. Levy & my father, Herb, are part of the #GreatestGeneration who liberated Europe & defeated tyranny under Gen. Eisenhower’s commandpic.twitter.com/JlbGoCfWFD When unions succeed, workers succeed & when workers succeed, our economy succeeds. #StandWithWorkerspic.twitter.com/Aw5mtNuVnU Happy 150th birthday to Big Sable Point Lighthouse!  Michiganders visiting DC should stop by my office to check out a beautiful photo of this historic spot  hanging in the lobby  ACA open enrollment starts TODAY! You have until Dec. 15 to apply for health care coverage. To learn more and #GetCovered visit:  pic.twitter.com/1qlxQqO3Jn Michigan is on cusp of new revolution in auto manufacturing that will be as transformative as 1st Model T that rolled off the assembly line. Read my @AutomationAlley blog post … Still awaiting more details about what happened in NYC, but my heart goes out to the victims and their loved ones. Thank you to law enforcement & first responders on the scene. Respectfully disagree. American people deserve a full debate in Congress about U.S. military engagement across the world … Important read from @ASPCA on #PAWSAct I intro’d w @SenDeanHeller to protect domestic violence victims and their pets #DomesticViolenceAwarenessMonth  ICYMI via @FOX17: “Peters Presents Medals & Honors to Family of West Michigan WWII Army Private”pic.twitter.com/F9t7hVL3j5 Thinking of you and your husband and wishing him a speedy recovery. Glad he has a tough and strong partner like you supporting him … My statement on today’s indictments in FBI Special Counsel Bob Mueller’s Russia investigation.  pic.twitter.com/wcW3rd5Eqj One of my greatest honors as US Senator is recognizing service of veterans like @USArmy Private Frederick Ash, who fought in Europe in WWIIpic.twitter.com/GuaESlyGFC Deeply alarming that Enbridge hid full extent of damage to Line 5. It’s more evidence we need increased oversight and stricter safety standards to prevent a catastrophic oil pipeline break in the Straits of Mackinac  President Trump talks about lowering drug prices, but his Administration is dragging their feet on holding drug companies accountable. Today I called on Trump’s HHS to punish pharmaceutical companies that overcharge for prescriptions  Congratulations to @UMich on your bicentennial … Thank you to our servicemembers who are deployed around the world & the families who support them back home. #NationalDayoftheDeployedpic.twitter.com/6F8ZCbZsuG In a few minutes I’ll join @AliVelshi on @MSNBC to discuss Niger investigation #Detroit keeps rolling on w/ their comeback! Congratulations on being named the number 2 city to visit in the world by @lonelyplanet  America faces troubling economic trend – far too many workers cannot afford to save for a secure retirementpic.twitter.com/Ow7gOteE8s Any GOP tax plan that limits 401(k) contributions, can’t credibly be called “middle class tax cut” … Great to welcome Dr. Michael Jones of @michiganstateu to our subcommittee hearing on fisheries. T/y for sharing how lessons from successful Great Lakes fisheries science can improve fisheries in our oceanspic.twitter.com/523tzCxNRE The incident in Niger is a fresh reminder that Congress needs to examine the current AUMF. We cannot continue to provide a blank check w/o a full debate on how we address the current & emerging security threatspic.twitter.com/Nt0knnYa7N Read my op-ed w/ @SenStabenow in @freep @ABetterMI on the importance of protecting @ThunderBayNMS from a Trump Admin review that threatens to cut back or eliminate marine sanctuaries  .@ThunderBayNMS & marine sanctuaries were created not to keep people out of these pristine areas, but for all Americans to access & enjoy for generations to come Joining @NewDay soon to discuss the tragic attack in Niger & need for more info from Trump Admin about deaths of 4 soldiers, U.S. military mission there. Tune in We must #ProtectThunderBay & devote resources to these special places so visitors can continue to enjoy them and researchers & scientists can continue their important work .@ThunderBayNMS is treasured part of our state’s cultural landscape & a huge economic driver, bringing nearly 100,000 annual visitors to Northeast Michiganpic.twitter.com/FAg0yKWFYQ By the end of the decade close to 77% of jobs will require tech skills. Digital skills offered by this collaboration are critical to ensuring MI’s future economic success Excited to help kick off new @Facebook & @GrandCircusCo effort to train more Michigan workers in coding & other in-demand digital skillspic.twitter.com/3vvhUefx30 ICYMI via @WLNS: “Peters Highlights Need to Protect U.S. Businesses & Consumers from Equifax Style Cyber-attacks”pic.twitter.com/xTGBFWe2zO Trump Administration also needs to present a clear plan to fight ISIS – including explanation of US military presence in Niger As member of Senate Armed Services Committee, agree w/ Chairman @SenJohnMcCain that Congress needs to know what led to tragic loss of 4 soldiers in Niger  It’s #NationalMammographyDay! Reminder to #getchecked b/c early detection is key to beating breast cancer & saving livespic.twitter.com/BteoGcpUl9 Passing this budget is only an excuse to pass a tax bill w/ as few votes as possible & no bipartisan input or buy-in  Our budget & tax priorities should be reducing the tax burden on the middle class families so they can save for retirement & increase their take-home pay. Disappointed to see GOP budget fails on all counts.pic.twitter.com/71dbDrrhXB SOON: I’ll be speaking on the Senate floor about my opposition to the GOP budget & the need to reach a bipartisan agreement on tax reform that benefits middle class families w/o raising the deficit. Watch Live:  pic.twitter.com/iT8C3QbGvJ Wonderful to see all the incredible work happening at MI colleges & universities. Read how our students are leading the way in developing self-driving tech:  With GOP budget, Michigan seniors take a hit so that millionaires & billionaires can make morepic.twitter.com/UXEIRag3ab The GOP budget & tax plan sends America’s budget deficit skyrocketing while leaving our children & grandchildren to foot the bill  I have the privilege of nominating high school students to attend @WestPoint_USMA @NavalAcademy @AF_Academy & Merchant Marine Academy Nomination application deadline is October 31st. Read more:  pic.twitter.com/KK6PMkdafA Happy #242NavyBday! T/y to those who have served to protect America the world over. Anchors aweigh for the next 242 years! … President Trump’s move will devastate middle class families and sick Americans who need care the most Michiganders shouldn’t have to choose b/n going to the doctor or putting food on the table or facing financial ruin if they get sick Trump is playing politics w/ health care, sabotaging markets & sending premiums skyrocketing for working families  Happy #NationalFarmersDay to MI’s farmers, who work sunrise to sunset growing our food and our economypic.twitter.com/ZKdhqbNURi ICYMI via @HollandSentinel: “Legislation to protect Great Lakes from Algae bloom passes U.S. Senate”  Great to get a firsthand look at how @MINationalGuard is supporting Liberian military & increasing security in the region. T/y for your servicepic.twitter.com/GMin9D03DY Events like this help Michigan students build a passion for space and science education Students from St. Mary Cathedral School in Gaylord were treated to an out of this world video chat w/ astronauts on the @Space_Station  Proud to celebrate MI’s remarkable manufacturing industry on #MFGDAY17. Making things is in our DNA & we must inspire future generations to explore careers in manufacturingpic.twitter.com/TyEzqBCOy2 Wonderful to visit with President Garibaldi and other fellow alumni at last night’s @UDMDetroit Alumni Gathering in Washingtonpic.twitter.com/Vpi3tnWSjN We should not wait any longer to provide certainty to the millions of children who depend on CHIP & to the Americans who will lose access to care if their Community Health Center closespic.twitter.com/P4JLsl5flb Outrageous that IRS would spend tax dollars on Equifax contract to protect the identities of taxpayers after company’s breach exposed personal info of 145 million Americanspic.twitter.com/fWP7yIqdjF Today the Senate Commerce Committee unanimously passed my bipartisan bill to help ensure MI will lead the world in self-driving vehicle tech  .@SenGaryPeters: legislation will make it easier to develop and test #AutonomousVehicles in MI.   via @TheOaklandPress Congratulations to my friend @JocelynBenson on being named one of @crainsdetroit #40under40 for her great work as @_WayneLaw Dean & fierce advocacy for voting rights through @RISEtoWIN  T/y Helen for your dedication to MI’s foster children, I was proud to nominate you as my @CCAInstitute Angel in Adoption Truly moved by the wonderful work West MI native Helen Zeerip is doing to help older foster children find homes through @GrantMeHope1  pic.twitter.com/R0CNafGuBL Horrified and saddened by the violence in #LasVegas, my heart goes out to the victims and their families of this horrific attack. Great to be at my alma mater @almacollege for homecoming weekend to visit w/ so many wonderful friends & see @ZetaSigs open their new housepic.twitter.com/89KGxQ29cW Sec. Price may have resigned, but the American people deserve to know just how much of their tax dollars he and other Cabinet officials are wasting on excessive travel & perks … Trump Admin Cabinet officials have abused taxpayer dollars & displayed a culture of wasteful spending.  I’m working to help companies transition to ESOP models. ESOP are often more productive, grow faster, have less employee turnover & help loyal employees share in the company's profits Toured Cambron Engineering in Bay City, a wonderful example of a company that is 100% employee-owned through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)pic.twitter.com/0LIJ47fayN Funding for Children’s Health Insurance Program & Community Health Centers runs out this weekend. We must protect these critical programspic.twitter.com/MJX4bj1iZJ Pleased to partner w/ @SenStabenow to intro a bill that will help small businesses and startups get the resources they need to launch & grow   MI is home to more than 856,000 small businesses that rely on access to capital to help them compete, grow & create new jobs .@SenJohnThune & I introduced bipartisan legislation that will help ensure Michigan & the US continue to lead the world in self-driving vehicle innovation  Self-driving vehicles will completely transform the way we get around & it's vital that public policy keep up w/ this rapidly developing tech Proud the Senate passed bipartisan bill I helped introduce to protect the Great Lakes from harmful algae blooms … Glad to have you back … Joined colleagues in a letter urging POTUS to issue a full disaster declaration & allocate resources to quickly restore power to Puerto Ricopic.twitter.com/ogVRtGHXKx As Ranking Member of the Subcommittee that oversees FEMA, I'm extremely concerned by the impact Hurricane Maria has had on Puerto Rico Had the pleasure of meeting with @NASSP MI Principal of the Year Lisa Phillips from Cass Tech HS. Congrats on this well-deserved honor!pic.twitter.com/qj04LzrSPu Want a flag flown over the Capitol like the one @CoachJim4UM got? Find more info & place an order from my website:  … You’re welcome @CoachJim4UM glad I could honor the occasion! #GoBlue … To protect taxpayer dollars, I'm looking into extraordinary & excessive travel expenses by Cabinet officials & urged OMB to investigate Every day brings to light new info on Trump Admin abusing taxpayer money w/ private planes & other travel expenses  Congrats to Marines graduating as new infantry officers! Incredible to see 1st female graduate, your hard work will inspire countless women … It’s time to come together to hold hearings & find bipartisan solutions to lower costs & make health care work better for Michiganders Thanks to your hard work the latest GOP health care repeal effort is on hold for now!  No one in this great country of ours should ever go bankrupt because they get sickpic.twitter.com/nHPGDifbrn ICYMI via @freep: “Selfridge pitch for F-35 jets could get boost from Sen. Peters' proposal”  Headed to the floor to speak against #GrahamCassidy repeal bill that rips away health care from MI families. Watch:  …pic.twitter.com/8IJG0kpKod #GrahamCassidy would allow lifetime caps on coverage and force families to  choose between going w/o health care or huge out of pocket costs Nobody should go bankrupt because they get sick – must protect families like the Pietrowsksys whose 2 yr old suffers from a heart defectpic.twitter.com/DDO1KtOtL5 Great day for Ann Arbor & the entire state as @Google opens new Michigan facility that boosts innovation & economic growthpic.twitter.com/OCRsh1rJMj As Ranking Member of Federal Spending Oversight, I’m urging OMB to explain why taxpayers foot the bill for private planes & excessive tripspic.twitter.com/4YX25oV6XI Reports of Sec Price & Trump Cabinet officials abusing taxpayer-funded travel are troubling, signal culture of waste  NOW:@SenStabenow & I are fighting to stop #GrahamCassidy that will make MI families pay more $ for less care. Watch:  … Great to meet with the many Michigan advocates visiting Washington for #CBCFALC17 this week! Thanks for your hard work on behalf of MIpic.twitter.com/XRctC5tbVO Proud to help honor @UMich bicentennial by flying an American flag over @uscapitol for @CoachJim4UM #GoBlue   Today marks the beginning of @ArtPrize 9! Hope you enjoy this great way to experience incredible art in West MI  #GrahamCassidy will cut Medicaid funding for the elderly & raise coverage costs for seniors & those w/ pre-existing conditions Senate Republicans are rushing to vote on #GrahamCassidy next week to rip health care away from 800,000 Michiganders  L’Shanah Tovah to Michigan families celebrating #RoshHashanah May the coming year be sweet and filled with joy Happy birthday to the love of my life, Colleen. 24 years ago you said yes to marrying me & while I may look older you haven’t changed at allpic.twitter.com/hBF3kRVbYG Proud the Senate passed #NDAA with my provisions to bolster Michigan’s role in our national defense   HOTEL Act bars taxpayer dollars for exec branch employee travel from being used at properties owned by POTUS, cabinet members & families I intro’d HOTEL Act w/ @SenWarren & @SenatorTomUdall to use tax dollars wisely & prevent conflicts of interests  Travel decisions of executive branch employees should not be influenced by potential profit for the President or cabinet members Honored to be a part of the promotion ceremony for my defense fellow, Rob, who has served @USArmy for 20 years & today was promoted to majorpic.twitter.com/pxpIOiCyVD GOP is trying yet again to rip away your health care w/ #GrahamCassidy. Make your voice heard & help stop this bill  Today @CassiniSaturn ended its 20-year mission studying Saturn. Thanks for fascinating look at this different world  Pleased to share this #POWMIARecognitionDay story of one MI WWII airman whose remains will finally return home  This #POWMIARecognitionDay we honor the brave men & women taken prisoner or missing in action while serving our nation #YouAreNotForgottenpic.twitter.com/kmlDHCzeoH Congrats @MonaHannaA: a true hero for Flint families! Proud to partner with you to stand up for Flint  Pleased to see @FTC will be taking action & investigating #Equifax following my request   … MI has something for everyone, no matter your interests! Check out this @NatGeo article w/ great places to visit  Excited @BlackGirlsCode received $255k from @GM to launch in Detroit & encourage young women to pursue STEM fields  Happy 70th birthday to @usairforce! I was honored to join in the celebration and have the opportunity to speak with airmen from MIpic.twitter.com/nizW7jfEal Find out if you were impacted by #Equifax breach & steps you should take to protect your info w/ this @FTC resource:  #Equifax’s data breach exposed personal info of millions of Americans. I’m urging @FTC to investigate & help protect consumers in the futurepic.twitter.com/voojR2Wzbx When you entrust your personal info to a company, you expect them to take every necessary step to secure & protect your data If your friends & family are in the path of #Irma, this @fema app has resources & safety info that can help   September 11th is a day that changed our nation - and our lives – forever, but America arose a stronger & more united nationpic.twitter.com/xVUnfrNyJ7 At Detroit #MarineWeek, humbled to honor memories of those who lost their lives on 9/11 & all who answered the call of duty after attackspic.twitter.com/cZohth0DqZ Protecting survivors of campus sexual assault should be the priority. DeVos' decision only makes students less safe  Hope you’ll attend one of over 80 free community events @USMC is hosting in the Detroit metro area  Excited that Detroit is hosting its first ever #MarineWeek! Great chance for MI to celebrate @USMC service  You can register for @fema or @SBAgov assistance online at   or by phone at 800-621-3362 If your Mid-Michigan home or business was damaged by severe flooding in June, you have until Oct 2 to register for disaster assistancepic.twitter.com/ofn4JUsVlc .@LCA_Detroit brings another new attraction to boost downtown #Detroit revitalization. Glad to be a part of this exciting eventpic.twitter.com/BIrYsMJOlK It's time for Congress to lead and pass comprehensive immigration reform. Read my full statement:   Immigrants are essential to the fabric of our nation. I strongly disagree with President Trump’s decision to rescind #DACA.pic.twitter.com/JqR01lOehV Wishing everyone a safe & happy holiday, I hope you will join me to honor the legacy & future of MI workers Labor Day celebrates the heritage of MI workers who created the middle class & led the fight for workers' rightspic.twitter.com/lY2ARTRLl2 ICYMI via @UPABC10 : “Peters visits Ford Airport to highlight Essential Air Services program”pic.twitter.com/CGovDV01B8 Eid Mubarak to Muslims in Michigan and across the country celebrating Eid al-Adha today! Harmful algal blooms endanger the Great Lakes, this bill ensures @usioosgov has the tools to combat these threats  pic.twitter.com/WlcWNpFGo8 The right to vote is the core of our democracy, proud to help ensure every American is heard at the ballot box  pic.twitter.com/Vcs0Fu6811 You can make your voice heard on @USACEHQ plan to block Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes by commenting here:   … Small businesses are the heart of rural communities, proud to help ensure they can keep benefiting from this aid  pic.twitter.com/2E5VC2DnrR .@SBAgov HUBZone program helps small businesses in rural & economically struggling areas in Northern MI & UP win contracts to sell products Jud Heathcote was a @MSU_Basketball legend- condolences to his family & MSU community who cherish his lasting impact  I was proud to help pass the bill that renamed the clinic & honor the sacrifice of this great Michigan hero  This weekend Traverse City honored Medal of Honor recipient & Northern Michigan native Col. Demas T. Craw by naming a VA Clinic after him Thankful to MI @USCG personnel heading to TX to assist in #Harvey rescue operations  As Ranking Member of the subcommittee that oversees @fema, I will continue to follow rescue & recovery efforts in the wake of this storm This @fema app provides important info on the storm. Please share w/ loved ones who have been affected by #Harvey   .@fema is working around the clock to provide critical emergency response services to the region impacted by #Harvey Happy 200th birthday @UMich! Proud to honor the grand history of this great university on its bicentennial. #GoBlue … Instead of divisive actions like the pardon & banning transgender servicemembers POTUS should unify country & address crises like #Harvey This is yet another action by POTUS backing racist ideologies & driving our country further apart in the face of serious, immediate threats POTUS decision to pardon sheriff who used despicable & racist policies undermines rule of law and faith in justice system Happy Birthday to @NatlParkService! For the last 101 years they have managed & preserved some of MI’s & America's most beautiful landmarkspic.twitter.com/gMTMzHZDau As #Harvey approaches the US, remember to follow @FEMA for important safety updates & emergency information … My heart goes out to the loved ones of @USNavy sailor Kenneth Smith. His service to our nation will not be forgotten  Refreshing to hear these writers from opposite sides of the political spectrum come together & show we have more in common than we think Check out a great @StoryCorps discussion between @NolanFinleyDN & @SHendersonFreep  .@LGUS plans to invest $25 million into a new plant in Troy & more Michigan jobs is great news!  Proud to cosponsor legislation that will expand support services for victims of human trafficking.  pic.twitter.com/LIhBeNpXnd ICYMI via @wluctv6: “Peters honors Vietnam Veterans in Marquette with Commemorative Lapel Pins”pic.twitter.com/qmE41cEpaQ Excited for today’s historic solar eclipse! I hope you get a chance to see this rare event, remember to be safe.  Devastating to see another tragedy w/ @USNavy. My heart goes out to the families & friends of the sailors of the USS McCain. Selfridge is home to @127Wing who have answered the call time & time again, only adding to Selfridge's proud 100-year history Congratulations to the entire Selfridge @AirNatlGuard Base community on your 100th birthday!  .@OfficialWDC celebrates Michigan’s wonderful automotive heritage. What is your favorite classic car?  Thanks for following my #RideMI Tour! Had a great week meeting w/ Michiganders & riding my @harleydavidson across our beautiful statepic.twitter.com/uuNIfaiwRf I'm committed to ensuring that MI family farmers have access to the capital they need to start & grow new agricultural businesses In Oceana Co to see how Herrygers’ Farm is growing corn, peaches, cherries & asparagus on the final stop of this year’s #RideMI Tourpic.twitter.com/Vp9X9YP1bG Motorcycle enthusiast @SenGaryPeters took his annual recess motorcycle tour of the Wolverine State this week … Yesterday I finished the UP part of my #RideMI Tour by crossing the mighty Mackinac Bridge on my way to west Michiganpic.twitter.com/sqvumA4aqe Rolling out for last day of my #RideMI Tour! Glad to have fellow riders – including some from @BoschGlobal MI – brave the rain w/ mepic.twitter.com/NWaWRfejiX Rural airports play a critical role in connecting Michiganders to businesses & travel opportunities around the world Day 4 of #RideMI Tour, I visited Ford Airport in Dickinson Co to discuss the importance of Essential Air Services funding to rural airportspic.twitter.com/lQlskxVx2d Saddened by the horrible terror attack in #Barcelona. My thoughts are with the victims and the people of this great city. Thank you to the members of American Legion Reino Post 21 who joined me yesterday on my #RideMI Motorcycle Tour on the way to Iron Riverpic.twitter.com/eyT2UEuW2w Vern Ehlers was well respected & I was proud to call him my colleague. His public service was exemplary, an example for all of us to live by … Proud to say Michigan’s defense sector is helping expand & strengthen our state’s tradition of building great things Met w/ employees of Lake Shore Systems to discuss the importance of creating jobs & growing local economies through manufacturingpic.twitter.com/jaharkozyB Great to get an inside look at Lake Shore Systems, producer of specialized systems for our nation’s militarypic.twitter.com/QyzmRyua6a Next on my #RideMI Tour I headed to a second manufacturer, Lake Shore Systems in Iron Riverpic.twitter.com/LrLmU67NRJ From paper products and clothing to electronics and autos, Michigan’s manufacturers are the lifeblood of our economy Joined @niupnorth Thanks a Million event w/ Jacquart Fabrics home of @StormyKromer to celebrate $1 million invested in Gogebic Co small bizpic.twitter.com/IiX2MDyxDF On day 3 of my #RideMI Tour I visited two western UP manufacturers in Gogebic & Iron Countiespic.twitter.com/4NUWmVRdHA This includes a new emergency dept & telehealth services that help Michiganders save time & money by making follow up visits remotely Toured Aspirus Ontonagon Hospital to get a firsthand look at the innovative ways they are treating patients in rural areas #RideMIpic.twitter.com/AlwXrBPniP The President blames 'many sides' but he should know that white supremacists & neo-nazis sow hate & violence and are wrong. It's that simple Manufacturing is in Michigan's DNA & plays a critical role in boosting local economies & creating good-paying jobs Great to be in L’Anse to meet w/ employees of @CertainTeed, a producer of ceiling tiles & Baraga County’s largest employer. #RideMIpic.twitter.com/O5qi1SCMtg Enjoyed meeting & getting a chance to go trap & target shooting w/ Ottawa Sports Club members as part of my #RideMI tour in Baraga Copic.twitter.com/TVU0GB4TOQ Kicked off Day 1 of my #RideMI Motorcycle Tour! Met with Vietnam veterans in Marquette County & heading to Baraga County nextpic.twitter.com/yGHz5RHomr If you are a MI resident who served on active duty during the Vietnam War & want to request a lapel pin click here   Proud to recognize the service of UP Vietnam veterans w/ special lapel pins honoring their service & 50th anniversary of the Vietnam Warpic.twitter.com/b7r7kXG9IK Thanks to Mike & Walt for having me on the Sunny Morning Show to discuss my #RideMI Motorcycle Tour taking place across the UP this week!pic.twitter.com/4qD5MC5KGb Marquette Harbor Lighthouse is an icon of the city. I enjoyed touring the lighthouse and meeting with @USCG who help maintain itpic.twitter.com/iStkeCYCFq Racism & hatred displayed in Charlottesville go against our nation's values. We must stand together to condemn these hateful actions Congrats to Grosse Pointe Woods-Shores Little League team for making it this far & good luck advancing to #LLWS  Humbled and honored to be recognized by @VVAmerica as a Legislator of the Yearpic.twitter.com/0K72nphv3b Proud to work w/ @VVAmerica to pass #Fairness4Vets to help support our servicemembers suffering from invisible wounds of war The lasting legacy of Vietnam veterans has been their steadfast commitment and service to our country and to their fellow veterans Congrats to Lake Linden High School’s eCYBERMISSION team for taking home the national championship!   I’ll be presenting UP Vietnam veterans w/ 50th anniversary commemorative lapel pins as well as visiting small businesses & community leaders Excited to announce my 2017 #RideMI Motorcycle Tour that will take me across the UP & West Michigan  pic.twitter.com/4MnY6zG6K9 ICYMI via @wluctv6: "Peters visits UP Paper highlighting support for local manufacturers"pic.twitter.com/LJ9EdbgLdR From cherries and corn to soybeans and milk, MI agriculture sector is a vital part of our economy employing roughly 1 out of every 4 workers Visited MSU UP Extension & Research Center that provides opportunities for beginning farmers to learn about starting their own businesspic.twitter.com/2uYfHCnxEa Toured UP Paper, a great example of how investing in manufacturing can lead to good-paying jobs in MIpic.twitter.com/K2tgBdTO4m Today we remember and honor the sacrifice of the men and women in uniform wounded or killed while serving our nation. #PurpleHeartDaypic.twitter.com/jedioF4b3V Pictured Rocks draws thousands of visitors to Alger County & bolsters the economy including local small businesses Great visit to Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore to check out the breathtaking sights of this wonderful UP treasure. #FindYourParkpic.twitter.com/vc1s0ZXmew Americans of all faiths should feel safe to worship in peace. Thankful no one was hurt in this violent attack.  Stopped by @ThunderBayNMS to get firsthand look at their efforts to preserve & share the maritime history of the Great Lakespic.twitter.com/Nbwyko2ZGB Can’t wait to start my #RideMI motorcycle tour this summer! Stay tuned for details on where I’ll be headed soonpic.twitter.com/ZRCk0WQgKl This will help fire departments save taxpayer dollars by promoting experienced part-time firefighters to full-time positions Glad to see my commonsense provision helping fire departments streamline hiring process passed the Senate   Happy 227th birthday @USCG! Thank you to the brave Coast Guard men & women who serve & protect our waterways. Semper Paratus! #CG227pic.twitter.com/d4xSMw4tNA ICYMI via @WBKB11: There’s still time to share your thoughts on protecting sanctuaries like @ThunderBayNMS online at  pic.twitter.com/iuBENb2nrm Proud Commerce Committee passed my bipartisan bill to modernize these critical maps & keep Great Lakes clean for future generations Protecting our Great Lakes means having accurate maps of coastal resources that could be impacted by an oil spill or disasterpic.twitter.com/4oEkYdXSbP Great to spend some time w/ @usmayors discussing issues that impact our cities. Congrats Rochester Hills @MayorBarnett on election as 2nd VPpic.twitter.com/Fdos14tAyp FEMA & SBA aid will be available to help mid-Michigan families & businesses hurt by recent flooding. Apply online:   Thank you @SalineSchools student Melinda McCabe for your hard work as a Senate Page representing Michigan … Honored to join ceremony inducting Medal of Honor recipient James McCloughan into Pentagon’s Hall of Heroes. A great tribute to his service!pic.twitter.com/G1WPGIOHDb Michigan #startups are at the forefront of innovation & job creation in industries from food & retail to tech & health care #StartupDaypic.twitter.com/YESX6vtO9W Today is #StartupDay which celebrates the ingenuity of the startups and entrepreneurs driving America’s futurepic.twitter.com/h0mFMDRSHc McCloughan risked his life to save his fellow soldiers. T/y for your service & congratulations on receiving our nation’s highest honor Today South Haven’s James McCloughan received the Medal of Honor for his services during the Vietnam War … ICYMI via @MLive: “Bill would update Great Lakes oil spill response maps”  There’s still a chance to make your voice heard in the fight to protect & preserve sanctuaries like @ThunderBayNMS  pic.twitter.com/0i16kphKzn Glad to report the public comment period on Trump’s EO that could rollback or eliminate 11 marine sanctuaries & monuments has been extended Proud to stand up for MI families & cast my “NO” vote against the GOP health care bill alongside @SenJohnMcCain & his deciding votepic.twitter.com/MuvUao7CXS Thanks to the hard work of Michiganders and people across the country, GOP efforts to pass their health care bill failed last nightpic.twitter.com/gZT4bAQ63A I urge GOP colleagues to think about people who will be hurt by repealing ACA & urge them to work w/ Dems on a bipartisan health care billpic.twitter.com/EZHDj4sNIw Watch video students from Ella M. White Elementary in Alpena made on the dangers of plastics in our Great Lakes … In Lake Michigan alone, yearly plastic pollution is equivalent to 100 Olympic sized swimming pools filled w/ plastic bottles The Great Lakes are in serious danger from marine debris & plastics that harm ecosystems & disrupt commercepic.twitter.com/evpEjBfLbW There is no room for discrimination in our military. President should focus on plans to address threats from N. Korea & Russian aggression We should support every patriotic, qualified & capable person volunteering to serve our country in uniform  SOON: Voting against GOP repeal of ACA. Would be devastating to Michiganders, putting affordable health care out of reach for thousandspic.twitter.com/WrMy9bTmkh GOP already trying to make their health care bill worse, now trying to pass provision that rips coverage away from Michiganders who need itpic.twitter.com/sVFp07oOci Manufacturing is key to America’s economic future & I’m working to ensure this high tech industry remains internationally competitive Honored to share my thoughts about the future of manufacturing at the @M_Foresight 2017 National Summit … Today Senate GOP voted to set us on a path towards unraveling the American health care system, w/ no plan to put it back together SOON: Senate will vote on health care repeal that impacts the lives of millions of Americans w/o even knowing what the bill sayspic.twitter.com/av4foYIMZe Honored to join my colleagues in updating G.I. Bill to help veterans access vital educational benefits  pic.twitter.com/JWnruANEbP Happy 316th birthday to the Motor City!pic.twitter.com/mD8VFUczlA USS Ford is a wonderful way to honor President Ford’s service as not just President but also an officer in the @USNavypic.twitter.com/w19dagOZoR 