I’ve just introduced the #Outdoors4All Act to help communities build more parks, playgrounds, and other outdoor recreation areas. Our children and future generations deserve to be able to enjoy our parks and open spaces, and it’s time we take steps to ensure that. Republicans just announced a committee vote on Kavanaugh at 9:30 AM on Friday - less than 20 hours after Thursday’s hearing ends. This means little to no chance for the American people to contact them and weigh in. This is a sham. I implore my colleagues in the United States Senate to listen to the next generation and take these allegations seriously.pic.twitter.com/Efr7p75JyW Dr. Blasey Ford isn’t on trial. This hearing is to determine whether Kavanaugh is qualified to sit on the Supreme Court. By hiring a private attorney to cross-examine Dr. Blasey Ford, Republicans are trying to intimidate her and avoid being held accountable by voters. … The Senate must pass legislation to protect special counsel Robert Mueller TODAY. Republican leaders must allow it to be voted on. We can no longer afford to wait. This is a matter of preserving the rule of law. Dr. Blasey Ford is willing to testify. She wants to testify Thursday. Rejecting her reasonable terms, setting a 10 PM ultimatum to meet their demands and threatening a Monday vote is a blatant attempt to bully and intimidate. Dr. Blasey Ford said the earliest she could travel to D.C. & testify was Thursday, but Republicans just announced they plan to move forward with a hearing on Wednesday. Why won’t they even accommodate her by 24 hours? This is a lifetime appointment. Don’t rush this. Dr. Blasey Ford had the courage to speak out—knowing that there are those who would try to shame, intimidate & threaten her. It’s sad but not surprising that she’s been met with an utter lack of decency by elected leaders of this country. She - and all survivors – deserve better. The Republican proposal to shirk responsibility and avoid accountability by hiring private counsel to question Dr. Blasey Ford is shameful. And their attempt to deny us the right to question is wrong. Private attorneys do not represent the American people. We do. Pleased to report that last night we passed the Music Modernization Act, a bipartisan bill I cosponsored, which will update the music licensing process and ensure that artists are paid fair value for their songs. … Sen. Harris tells federal agencies to get serious about facial recognition risks  Republican opposition to re-opening the FBI background investigation doesn't make sense. Members of the U.S. Senate should exercise due diligence, not rush toward a vote for a lifetime appointment. The people we represent didn't send us here to shirk our duty. In July, a Trump Administration official called the ICE detention facilities where families are being held “summer camps.”  So yesterday I asked him if he would send one of his children to these detention facilities.pic.twitter.com/ybBoTq75ne The White House must direct the FBI to reopen a background check into Brett Kavanaugh that deals with this specific allegation and it should be completed before we move forward with the next hearing.pic.twitter.com/VLCFe1Mc4J Don’t forget that White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said that if it were up to him, the number of refugees he would admit to our country was between 0 and 1. … Don’t be fooled. This will be the lowest ceiling for refugee admittance to the United States since the program was created. They are turning away people fleeing persecution and oppression. They are abdicating our moral leadership. … The American people deserve to know the character of the justices on the Supreme Court.pic.twitter.com/kWDZBcEE4W BREAKING:  Time and again, on issue after issue, Judge Kavanaugh has misled the Senate, under oath, when a job promotion was on the line. That is disqualifying. I will vote NO. Read my latest op-ed in @washingtonpost HERE: … Keeping those killed in Bakersfield and their loved ones in my prayers. Grateful to law enforcement and first responders who have been on the scene. It all boils down to this: in our system of justice, justice should be blind. Blind to how much money someone has, to what you look like or who you love. Every Supreme Court Justice must understand and uphold that ideal and I don’t believe Brett Kavanaugh will. Honorary conference co-chairs, @SenKamalaHarris @CoryBooker prepare to welcome and give charge guest at the @CBCFInc  policy conference.   #CBCFALC2018pic.twitter.com/ZsecrvRJn8 Always good to spend time with these two. Thanks, @ebonymag! … Today, we remember that awful day seventeen years ago. We remember the stories and faces of those we lost, and we remember the sacrifice and heroism of the police officers, firefighters, and first responders who ran into harm’s way. #NeverForget .@SenKamalaHarris and I are demanding Verizon explain why it reduced data speeds for first responders fighting the Mendocino Complex Fire and what steps it’s taking to keep firefighters safe during future emergencies. … Don’t lose sight of the urgent need to reunite children who’ve been separated at the border. It’s horrific the Trump Admin has yet to reunite 416 children w/ their families. Proud to cosponsor @SenKamalaHarris' REUNITE Act because #FamiliesBelongTogether. … Here is Kavanaugh's full answer. There's no question that he uncritically used the term "abortion-inducing drugs," which is a dog whistle term used by extreme anti-choice groups to describe birth control.pic.twitter.com/PMbZzu8DqD When Kavanaugh was part of an investigation into a Democratic president, he was dogged in demanding answers. But he has since changed his tune, arguing that presidents should not be investigated.   A position that I’m sure is not lost on the president who nominated him. Kavanaugh chooses his words very carefully, and this is a dog whistle for going after birth control. He was nominated for the purpose of taking away a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own health care decisions. Make no mistake - this is about punishing women.pic.twitter.com/zkBjXzIvQI Brett Kavanaugh coached Bush's judicial nominees to give the same kind of vague answers he gave us on Roe v. Wade this week. We have the receipts.pic.twitter.com/gATpnkDyL0 A troubling takeaway from my questioning of Kavanaugh last night: he won’t commit to recuse himself from any of President Trump’s civil or criminal investigations should they reach the Supreme Court. This is how hard it is for a woman to access an abortion in Mississippi right now. That’s with Roe v. Wade in place. If Roe is overturned, women in Mississippi and three other states will not have access at all. It will be banned. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/2MTYm7rlpd Always good to talk to @maddow, even from a utility closet.pic.twitter.com/MfhVhYfTlf Obergefell was one of the great moments in the history of the Supreme Court of the United States. Full stop. I asked Brett Kavanaugh a very specific question: does he believe the case that made marriage equality the law of the land was correctly decided?   He refused to answer.pic.twitter.com/FO6kCLmk2f Hi all - staff here. We anticipate that Senator Harris will question Kavanaugh in the 7 PM ET hour. Watch live here. … I asked Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh whether he believes President Trump was correct, that “both sides” were to blame for Charlottesville.   He refused to answer.   This isn’t a difficult question. One side was wrong: the one with the torches and swastikas. Kirstjen Nielsen just announced a new Trump administration proposal to indefinitely incarcerate immigrant children in what are essentially prisons. It apparently needs to be said that this is cruel and inhumane. There’s a lot of news today, but we can’t let this go ignored. … I stand with my colleague @CoryBooker. The American people have a right to see Kavanaugh's full record.pic.twitter.com/mGYbwnAhR4 Now the American people know what we know. We have every reason to believe Kavanaugh will overturn Roe v. Wade. … The Senate hearing on Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh continues today. Watch here live … A year ago yesterday, Trump arbitrarily threw 700,000 Dreamers' lives into crisis by ending DACA. My message (and the sign outside my office) remain the same. Dreamers are welcome here.pic.twitter.com/H7eVAegLt6 Can you think of any laws that give the government the power to make decisions about the male body?pic.twitter.com/lDcXPZ56hX Has Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh had a conversation about Robert Mueller or his investigation with anyone at Trump's personal attorney's law firm?   We don’t know. He refused to answer my question.pic.twitter.com/PAKxDGvEtZ Happening now: Senator Harris questions Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. … Hi all - staff here, we anticipate that Senator Harris will be questioning Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh in the 9 PM ET hour. We’ll keep you posted. Judge Kavanaugh has gone further than the Supreme Court and has written that assault weapons and high-capacity magazines cannot be banned under the Second Amendment. We need a straight answer from Kavanaugh on whether he would uphold Roe v. Wade. There are 13 cases on abortion that are steps away from the Supreme Court. Twitter & Facebook appeared before the Senate Intel Committee today. Google declined to testify. We still haven’t gotten sufficient answers about what these companies are doing to address the malicious foreign actors weaponizing their platforms.pic.twitter.com/uXxWj5pWP7 For me, a Supreme Court seat is not only about academic issues of legal precedent or judicial philosophy. It is personal.pic.twitter.com/qVsBVwNEP5 Thomas, Alito, Roberts and Gorsuch used the same playbook: 1. Profess loyalty to precedent in Senate hearings 2. Overturn precedent once on the bench. We can’t accept vague promises from Brett Kavanaugh when women’s reproductive freedom is at stake. Republicans citing the so-called "Ginsburg rule" is false advertising. In fact, a recent study suggests she was one of the most responsive nominees ever. The least responsive? Trump appointee Neil Gorsuch. … Hi all - staff here, Senator Harris will be in the hearing room listening to the questioning of nominee Brett Kavanaugh. So we are taking over her account and tweeting our observations throughout the day. Watch live here. … It is a mistake to refer to women who are using their voices to protest this Supreme Court nominee as hysterical.pic.twitter.com/DrIFkG3VJ2 I am concerned Brett Kavanaugh’s loyalty would be to the President who appointed him and not to the Constitution of the United States.pic.twitter.com/DdIEaKGXsz Judge Kavanaugh, I am concerned whether you would treat every American equally, or instead show allegiance to the political party and conservative agenda that shaped and built your career. Just last year, Judge Kavanaugh praised the dissent in Roe v. Wade and ruled against a scared, 17-year-old girl seeking to end her pregnancy. In reviewing this nominee’s background, I am deeply concerned that what guides him is not independence or impartiality—it’s not even ideology. What I believe guides him is partisanship. We should not be moving forward with this hearing. The American people deserve better than this. I would think that anyone nominated to the Supreme Court would want to have a hearing that is characterized by transparency and fairness and integrity and not shrouded by uncertainty, suspicion, concealment and doubt. Happening now: Senator Kamala Harris gives her opening statement at the nomination hearing of Brett Kavanaugh. … The NRA is spending a million dollars on pro-Kavanaugh advertisements. … If Kavanaugh won’t even give him a handshake, how can we believe he would give gun violence victims a fair shake in court? … It is the *constitutional duty* of United States Senators to advise and consent on nominations. Frankly, every single one of the 100 senators should want to see Kavanaugh’s full record. It is their obligation. When Justice Kagan was nominated, 99% of her White House records were public 12 days before the hearing. For Kavanaugh, when the hearing started this morning 4% of his White House documents were public. What are they hiding? This is a hearing about who will sit on the highest court of our land. This is a hearing about who will sit in a house that symbolizes our system of justice. Some of the most important principles behind the integrity of our system of justice are due process and transparency.pic.twitter.com/Wy7v02XHpc Chairman Grassley is pushing forward with Brett Kavanaugh's hearing, despite last night's 11th hour document dump of 42,000 documents, stating that the Republican staff has had time to review them all. @SenWhitehouse rightly points out that would mean reading 7,000 pages an hour. “Mr. Chairman, I would like to be recognized to ask a question before we proceed. The committee received just last night - less than 15 hours ago - thousands of documents that we have not had a chance to read or review or analyze. We cannot possibly move forward.”pic.twitter.com/IWSeM6AtNx The Senate Judiciary Committee just received 42,000 more pages of Kavanaugh’s documents last night, just hours before the hearing. NONE of which have been made public. It’s unacceptable. The Senate Judiciary nomination hearing for Brett Kavanaugh began minutes ago. Senator Harris was the first to object to moving forward with the hearing. This has not been the transparent process the American people deserve. Hi all — staff here. We’re going to be taking over the Senator’s account and tweeting during Kavanaugh’s nomination hearing. Stay tuned. #StopKavanaugh The Senate Judiciary hearing on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh begins today. Watch here live. … We already know that the Trump Administration is determined to roll back environmental protections. Brett Kavanaugh will serve as a rubber-stamp to that agenda. #StopKavanaugh Heartbroken over the shooting in San Bernardino. Praying for the injured and the entire community. Thank you to the law enforcement officers and first responders in the scene. President Obama did not assert executive privilege over a single page of Elena Kagan’s White House Counsel record when she was nominated to the Supreme Court. ZERO. President Trump stepping in to hide 100,000 pages of Judge Kavanaugh’s record from the American people is unprecedented. It begs the question - what are they working together to hide? … Too many Black women die in pregnancy and childbirth. My Maternal CARE Act would provide grants for implicit bias training and incentivize health care providers to deliver integrated care to reduce mortality rates/racial disparities. Kavanaugh has a record of siding with polluters instead of Americans who deserve to breathe clean air and drink clean water. He represents a threat to our health and our environment. #StopKavanaugh Thank you to all the firefighters who risked their lives to contain this fire and keep us safe. … Aretha was simply a legend. Her work and impact will be felt for generations to come. It’s long past time Congress honor her with the Congressional Gold Medal. “I don't mind a good fight. For reasons known only to God, I've had quite a few tough ones in my life. But I learned an important lesson along the way: In the end, it matters less that you can fight. What you fight for is the real test.” – Senator John McCain 51 years ago, today, the Senate confirmed Thurgood Marshall to the Supreme Court, where he continued his work of making this country a more equal one.   It matters who sits on the Supreme Court. #StopKavanaugh Racial bias against Black mothers in the health care system is real. It impacts women from all walks of life and it has devastating consequences. Last week, I introduced the Maternal CARE Act to help address this public health crisis. #ListentoBlackWomenpic.twitter.com/25Qca11aMf So much is at stake with this Supreme Court nomination. Kavanaugh is a threat to the ACA & Roe. He thinks the President should be above the law. He's routinely sided with special interests & big corporations against civil rights, workers’ rights & environmental protections. When black mothers try to receive care, their symptoms and pains are ignored by our health care system too often.   That’s one reason why black women in the U.S. are 3 to 4 times more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than white women. #BlackMaternalMortalitypic.twitter.com/RhCDPtG0fU Kavanaugh is a nominee who:   was hand-picked by the Federalist Society passed a litmus test intent on ending a woman’s right to choose thinks the President should be above the law.   We should fight against this nominee tooth and nail. Our country should not be in the business of deporting people to a country that tolerates “modern-day slavery.”  We have every reason to believe Kavanaugh will overturn Roe v. Wade. Kavanaugh praised the dissent. He has ruled against reproductive rights. And, he passed a litmus test from the Federalist Society to get this nomination. Kavanaugh was nominated by a President who is an unindicted co-conspirator in federal crimes.    And he believes a sitting president should never be indicted. Retweet if you:  -Have a pre-existing condition -Love someone with a pre-existing condition  The fight over Kavanaugh’s nomination is about your health and the health of those you love. If confirmed, he will be in a position to make it legal to deny you coverage. Here’s the truth: the Senate will likely have ZERO records from the National Archives by Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearing next week. It’s unacceptable. This is not the transparent process the American people deserve. Let’s clear up the record here.   Our committee has received only 6% percent (6!!!) of #Kavanaugh’s White House documents, and not even half of the limited set the #Republicans requested.   Where are the rest, and why aren’t they ALL being made public? #ReleaseTheRecords … On this day 63 years ago, Emmett Till was abducted by two white men and brutally murdered.   To this day lynching is still not a federal crime.   I’ve introduced the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act to make it one. We need to speak the uncomfortable truth that when many Black mothers report symptoms or pain to their doctor, they aren’t taken seriously. Last week, I introduced the Maternal CARE Act to begin to address the racial biases that permeate our medical system. #ListentoBlackWomenpic.twitter.com/a8yulxzN1l Hurricane Maria caused an estimated 2,975 deaths, not 64 like the government claims. This Administration needs to be held accountable for its failures & Congress must pass the COUNT Act to establish procedures for getting an accurate death toll after a natural disaster. New #Maria death toll numbers are a tragic reminder of how our nation failed Puerto Rico. We must ensure an accurate death count for future disasters. That’s why I’ve joined @SenKamalaHarris to introduce the COUNT Act, a bill to develop federal standards for counting fatalities. On this day in 1963, Martin Luther King, Jr. spoke of a dream.   It’s up to us to own the words that Dr. King spoke, carrying with us everything he stood for, fought for, and died for.pic.twitter.com/UBnmsW1Le4 Black mothers in this country are dying because of racial biases that permeate our medical system. We need to speak that truth and begin to address it. #ListentoBlackWomen  This is what a woman has to go through to access an abortion in Mississippi right now. That’s with Roe v. Wade in place. If Kavanaugh is confirmed and Roe is overturned, women in Mississippi and three other states will not have access at all. It will be banned.pic.twitter.com/hpI9HKSBZB When we talk about how dangerous arming teachers is, we also must talk about what it means for Black & Latino students specifically. There’s overwhelming evidence that shows harsh disciplinary protocols in our schools disproportionately impact children of color. Here are a few *good* ideas on how to make our schools safer:   Make background checks universal & ensure data is getting into the system Ban military-style assault weapons Ban bump stocks Ban high capacity magazines Raise the minimum age to purchase rifles It’s not enough for Brett Kavanaugh to say that Roe v. Wade is "settled law.” SCOTUS can reverse settled law anytime it wants. We know why the President picked him. We know he met a litmus test and we know he has already attempted to deny a woman full reproductive health care.pic.twitter.com/Bs152RfyT8 Betsy DeVos apparently wants to use federal funds to arm teachers. What an incredibly dangerous idea. She’s proposing that 2nd graders are supposed to go to school, look up at the blackboard and see their teacher strapped with a gun.pic.twitter.com/o133ZSLw52 The U.S. is 1 of just 13 countries where the rate of maternal mortality is worse than it was 25 years ago. For Black women, the risk of death from pregnancy-related causes is 3 to 4 times higher than for white women. We must address this public health crisis. … "#Maternalmortality rates in the U.S. have risen steadily. @SenKamalaHarris has a plan to change that"  … #BlackMamasMatter #BlackMaternalHealth As an unindicted co-conspirator of a federal crime, President Trump should not be allowed to appoint someone to a lifetime position on the highest court in our land – a court which may very well adjudicate on this matter.pic.twitter.com/TDOm1e2sdu President Trump is an unindicted co-conspirator to a federal crime to influence an election for the office he now holds.   He should not be allowed to name a Supreme Court Justice without resolving this accusation first. I've just left a meeting Judge Kavanaugh where I asked him pointed questions about this nomination process and about his record. Nothing in my meeting changes my read of his record—he is well outside the mainstream and threatens hard won rights and protections for all Americans. If your documentation or immigration services have been affected by the California wildfires, please contact the USCIS at 800-375-5283 or at  . The USCIS can assist in replacing Form I-9, rescheduling appointments, and other unforeseen circumstances. It is clear that Russia will continue to launch attacks on our Democracy. We must fortify our elections security systems and tech companies need to put safeguards in place to detect and flag these attacks. … An important warning: even if you aren’t directly impacted by the wildfires, you likely are still being exposed to particulate matter from the fires. Take precautions by wearing a mask and minimizing outdoor activities. … The Trump administration is again siding with polluters over people. Their plan to dismantle the Clean Power Plan, a critical component of our fight to combat climate change, could cause hundreds of premature deaths each year due to increased air pollution. … Firefighters working to contain the raging California wildfires are doing incredibly difficult and dangerous work - often moving from one fire to the next. Last week, I had the opportunity to express my gratitude in person to some of these heroes. Please join me in thanking them.pic.twitter.com/vV65PsjZEA Today is the anniversary of the great Julia Child’s birthday - an inspiration to aspiring chefs for generations to come. I’ll never forget my attempt at her choulibiac recipe. It took forever! Look it up! Home health care workers – 90 percent of whom are women – are one of the fastest growing and lowest paid jobs. The Trump Administration has proposed a new rule to restrict their right to join together in a union. I am demanding that this proposed rule be abandoned. Elena Kagan had an extensive paper trail from working in the White House just like Kavanaugh, and Democrats and Republicans worked together to make her full record public. Why are Republicans refusing to conduct a real review of Kavanaugh’s record? This is absurd. Climate change is absolutely playing a role in these wildfires. We should all be able to agree on that and move on to a conversation about what we can do to reduce the harm it’s causing our communities. … Republicans are peddling the argument that the fraction of Kavanaugh’s documents the Bush library chose to give us are “good enough” to move forward. These documents were hand selected by Kavanaugh’s former employee. This isn’t the transparent process we owe the American people. My heart aches for the family of the firefighter who was killed battling the Mendocino Complex fire yesterday. I also want to say how grateful I am to the firefighters who have come from all over to do the dangerous work of fighting these fires. Thank you. Republicans just announced that they are scheduling a hearing for Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh starting on September 4. This is outrageous. No one will be able to look at his full record before the hearing – not me, not you, not anyone. It won’t have been made public. Frankly, every single one of the 100 senators should want to see Kavanaugh’s full record. It’s not just about our duty to vet the nominee, it’s also about transparency for the American people.pic.twitter.com/4KtHwTY70N A reminder on the anniversary of Sonia Sotomayor’s confirmation: Republicans demanded minutes from board meetings she attended in the 1980s be made public. They were. Now, they are trying to conceal records from 3 years Kavanaugh worked in the White House. What are they hiding? If we really want to help working Americans, then let’s take up causes that would actually put money into their hands, like raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and guaranteeing access to health care for everyone. Kavanaugh is up for a lifetime appointment to the most powerful Court in the world. Why are Republicans insisting on rushing his nomination through without full transparency and accountability? If you see or smell smoke, fire officials recommend that you minimize outdoor activities, stay indoors as much as possible, and if you are coughing or have shortness of breath caused by the smoke, contact your doctor. … Kavanaugh's nomination process is anything but transparent. Until the National Archives actually produces Kavanaugh’s documents including the 3 years Republicans are trying to keep hidden, it will remain that way. The money bail system isn’t safe and it isn’t smart. That’s why I introduced the Pretrial Integrity and Safety Act over a year ago. We can do better. #EndMoneyBail … If you have been evacuated due to fires, return only when local authorities say it is safe to do so. For information on steps to take to recover from a wildfire, visit   On average, Black women will have been paid more than $800,000 LESS than their white male counterparts by the end of their careers. We demand better. … URGENT - Mendocino Complex Mandatory Evacuation Order 8.7.18 #mendocinocomplex @MendoSheriff @lakecosheriffCA @mendocinonf @glenncountyoespic.twitter.com/S5eVDDpnLq For information on #CarrFire recovery efforts - including housing, financial assistance, and other resources - visit … Mendocino Complex Warning/Advisory Lift 8.6.18 #mendocinocomplex @MendoSheriff @lakecosheriffCA @mendocinonf @glenncountyoespic.twitter.com/P2HCEaQjRm Right now, the only documents from Kavanaugh’s record that the Senate has received are documents that have been pre-approved by George W. Bush and Steve Bannon’s lawyer - a man who also used to work for Kavanaugh. It's unacceptable. We need to see his real, full record. Everyone in the path of the Mendocino Complex fire should heed evacuation warnings and the instructions of local officials. Please stay safe. … A federal judge just ruled that the Trump Administration must fully restore DACA. Trump pulling the rug out from under Dreamers was not only immoral, it was illegal. Republicans’ next move is to try to push ahead with hearings and votes on Kavanaugh regardless of whether he is fully vetted. The only tool we have to stop them is public pressure. We need everyone shouting about this. It is also our *constitutional duty* as United States Senators to provide advice and consent on nominations. Frankly, every single one of the 100 senators should want to see Kavanaugh’s full record. It is our obligation. The American people have a right to see the full record of a potential Justice who will serve a lifetime appointment and decide issues that significantly impact the lives of all Americans. On top of that, just yesterday, the National Archives announced they can’t review and produce Kavanaugh’s documents from the other 2 years he worked in the White House until the end of October. Republicans want to keep documents from 3 of the 5 years Kavanaugh worked in the White House hidden. Kavanaugh himself has said that those three years were “in many ways among the most instructive” to him as a judge. So how can they justify concealing these documents? Historically, Democrats and Republicans have worked together to ensure that a Supreme Court nominee’s full record is produced prior to the nominee’s hearing and vote, but now Senate Republicans are refusing to produce Kavanaugh’s full record. PAY ATTENTION: Republicans are trying to ram Kavanaugh’s nomination through without full transparency or accountability. We must expand data collections efforts to ensure the LGBTQ community is not only seen, but also fully accounted for in terms of government resources provided.  Today alone there are reports of children in ICE’s custody becoming gravely ill and being molested after being separated from their parents. This is a human rights abuse. I’ve introduced two bills to increase oversight at ICE and HHS detention facilities. This must end. Republicans are concealing records from 3 of the 5 years Kavanaugh worked in the White House for President Bush. What are they trying to hide?pic.twitter.com/z6SmYiB7J9 Something we aren’t hearing enough about in the news: truckers in California won’t be able to rest as often if a provision added into the Federal Aviation Authority reauthorization becomes law. This is an assault on workers’ rights and the safety of everyone on the roads. A Trump Administration official called the ICE detention facilities where families are being held “summer camps.” That’s insulting. I’ve seen these facilities. They are prisons. “There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.” Remembering James Baldwin, who was born on this day in 1924. The American people have a right to see Kavanaugh's full record.   We need ALL the documents requested from the National Archives *plus* the documents Senate Republicans are still hiding, to be made public.   Until then, NO hearings or votes should be held. California will fight this stupidity in every conceivable way possible:   … Millions of Americans are evicted from their homes every year. Rent is just too high and wages are too low. That's why as part of the solution, I’ve introduced the Rent Relief Act to put money back in the pockets of people who are paying more than 30% of their income in rent.pic.twitter.com/jiM8Gvu74A The Trump Administration has just announced that they will prioritize lining the pockets of big oil over protecting our right to breathe clean air, by rolling back our country’s fuel economy standards. The American family has legitimate issues and fissures that provoke potent reactions. But let’s be clear about what Russia did when they interfered in the 2016 election. They came into our house. They manipulated us. They provoked us. They tried to turn us against each other.pic.twitter.com/jiCjIw0UhC At a Senate hearing yesterday, @SenBlumenthal asked Trump Administration officials to raise their hands if they thought the child separation policy was a success. Not one of them did. It’s indefensible. … The Trump Administration’s policy of separating children and their parents will likely cause harm to these children for the rest of their lives. I'll repeat what I said weeks ago: those who created and implemented this policy, including Secretary Nielsen, should step down.pic.twitter.com/hBD2b6sBgH 429. According to Trump Administration officials, that’s the number of children in our government’s custody whose parents have been removed from the United States. At our Senate hearing today, officials wouldn’t commit to a deadline to reunify them. That is unacceptable. I’ve just introduced the Census Equality Act to include census questions on sexual orientation & gender identity that were excluded by the Trump Administration.   Why it matters: communities that aren't counted or are undercounted receive less federal resources & representation. It is clear that Russia and other adversarial countries will keep trying to manipulate the American public. We have to be smarter and we have to act. Government, the private sector, voters - we all have to be vigilant. … This morning, we're finally holding a Senate hearing with Trump Administration officials responsible for overseeing the reunification of children who were snatched from their parents because of this Administration’s cruel zero-tolerance policy. Watch live. … 53 years ago today, Lyndon B. Johnson signed a law creating Medicare and Medicaid. I still believe the idea that everyone in America should have access to quality, affordable health care is something worth fighting for.pic.twitter.com/kUQlujcqK4 Last week, I called on Jeff Sessions to open an investigation into the death of Markeis McGlockton.  Not to be missed: a provision that would effectively eliminate protections truckers have under state and local laws - including meal and rest breaks - is being tacked onto the FAA reauthorization.   Rights for all workers deserve to be protected. Raise your voice. Senate Republicans hiding vital parts of Kavanaugh’s record from the American people is not only hypocritical, it’s incredibly troubling. What’s in there that they don’t want us to know? I’m devastated to hear that more lives have been lost in the Carr and Ferguson fires. My thoughts are with their families today. Deeply saddened by the loss of former Congressman and Mayor of Oakland, Ron Dellums. His years of service to both the Bay Area and California will continue to serve as a beacon for change and progress. Sending my condolences to his family and loved ones. “When I talk about my mother, I sometimes ask the question, ‘What is the difference between a bookkeeper in the Garment District and a Supreme Court justice?’ [The answer:] One generation.” –Ruth Bader Ginsburg #MondayMotivation My thoughts are with the families of the firefighters who were killed & all who were injured trying to contain the Carr fire. Everyone in the potential path of the fire should heed evacuation orders and the instructions of local law enforcement.  … Republicans demanded that minutes from board meetings Justice Sotomayor attended in the 1980s be made public & they were.   Now, they want to conceal records from 3 years Kavanaugh worked in the White House. What’s in those records that they don’t want the American people to see? Middle-class & working families deserve better from us. If the Trump Administration is going to give corporations and the richest Americans a giant tax cut, I think we should be able to put a little money back into the pockets of renters struggling to keep a roof over their head. Just joined a group of parents and children protesting the Trump Administration’s failure to reunite all of the children they took away from their parents at the border. It is the ultimate act of inhumanity to rip a child from their parent. As of today, hundreds remain separated.pic.twitter.com/deWB4Gr1kh Emmett Till would be 77 years old today - and to this day lynching is still not a federal crime. That is why @CoryBooker, @SenatorTimScott and I have introduced the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act to make it one. ALERT: Senate Republicans who are NOW arguing that Kavanaugh’s White House Staff Secretary records aren’t relevant—and thus shouldn’t be disclosed—because he was a mere paper shuffler, might want to ask him first. Judge Kavanaugh, IN HIS OWN WORDS:pic.twitter.com/WQp40kKgYa Whenever our country’s future is threatened, whenever the values of liberty and justice for all are under assault, we all need to speak up and speak out. That’s the whole point of the freedoms we cherish. Republicans are trying to conceal records from 3 of the 5 years Kavanaugh worked in the White House for President Bush. I want to know what exactly is in those papers that they don’t want the American people to see. We won’t stop pushing on this. Don’t let this go unnoticed: the Trump Administration just accidentally released documents showing they deliberately ignored the fact that shrinking National Monuments would hurt local tourism economies and put archeological and cultural sites at risk.  The Census Bureau's own analysis shows that adding a citizenship question will cost more & result in a less accurate count. Why does this Administration still want to add it? To protect gerrymandering.   The public comment period on the Census ends August 7. Submit yours today. Kavanaugh's documents from his time working in the White House - including as Staff Secretary to President Bush - must be made public for vetting. He himself has said that his years as Staff Secretary were instructive to his views as a judge. What are they trying to hide? I will fight any effort by Republicans in Congress and the White House to weaken the Endangered Species Act. The unique species that inhabit our country are worthy of protection. … .@RevDrBarber continues to be one of the great moral leaders of our time – grateful to speak with him today about the fight ahead.pic.twitter.com/2WpZOkFltg The American people should demand that every single relevant piece of Judge Kavanaugh’s record is made public. He is up for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court of the United States. We need access to all of Kavanaugh’s record so everyone can see exactly who he is. Now we find out 463 parents have already been deported. Once they took the children and deported their parents, what was this Administration’s plan to reunite them? There clearly has never been a plan. … Brett Kavanaugh’s record indicates that he would be one of the most right-wing justices in Supreme Court history — not a mainstream jurist. If we keep speaking out, I believe it’s possible for us to stop this nomination.pic.twitter.com/FfBvqeBITG One of the mothers I met with in the Otay Mesa Detention Facility has finally been reunited with her child. I just was heartbroken after speaking with her, and this news comes as a relief – but we can’t forget that hundreds more children still remain separated. From his history of celebrating those who fought for an America that kept human beings enslaved, to his efforts to justify Trump’s ban on transgender troops, Robert Wilkie is a far cry from the best person we can find to put in charge of our veterans' care. We owe them better. I voted NO on the nomination of Robert Wilkie to serve as Secretary of Veterans Affairs. My @nytimes op-ed: Judge Kavanaugh was involved in some of the most politically charged moments of our recent history. Republicans must live up to the bipartisan standard of transparency set by then-Sen Sessions and me, and demand to see his FULL record.  In 99% of counties in America, a person working a full-time job at the minimum wage can’t afford a 1-bedroom apartment. This is a crisis and folks deserve solutions.pic.twitter.com/W5SUlRrsG7 Grateful for the quick, courageous response by LAPD in Silver Lake. my thoughts are with the community tonight. I want to be very clear about what the stakes of this Supreme Court fight are: had the Supreme Court under the leadership of Earl Warren, not decided Brown v. Board of Education the way it did, I wouldn’t be a U.S. Senator. .@RepJayapal and I have introduced a bill to increase of the oversight of ICE facilities. We are hearing countless cases of abuse – particularly against pregnant women. … Millions of Americans are being evicted from their homes every year. Half a million are homeless every night. This is a crisis.   I introduced the Rent Relief Act because every family deserves the security of being able to keep a roof over their head.  Thinking of all the firefighters who are working tireless to battle the Ferguson Fire near Yosemite today.  In 99% of counties in America, someone making the minimum wage working full time can’t afford a 1-bedroom apartment. That is outrageous.   I've just introduced the Rent Relief Act, so that Americans who spend over 30% of their income on rent can get a portion of that money back. Kirstjen Nielsen was just asked about the deadly white supremacist riot in Charlottesville. She said: “it's not that one side was right and one side was wrong”   One side was wrong: the one with the torches and swastikas. I've said so before & will say it again: she must resign. Yesterday, @SenJeffMerkley, @SenCortezMasto and I joined together to introduce the REUNITE Act – a bill that immediately reunites children and parents who were separated at the border, and establishes a permanent system to protect and reunify separated families.pic.twitter.com/U927GSFs35 The bill I introduced yesterday requires that children be immediately reunited with their parents, and it also includes a provision ensure the facilities where they are kept are subject to unannounced inspections by independent child welfare organizations. This is exactly why. … I will vote NO on Ryan Bounds for a lifetime appointment to the 9th Circuit. Some backstory: breaking with a 100-year-old Senate practice, Republicans moved his nomination forward over the objections of both Senators who represent the state that Bounds will be appointed to. There is no question: Russia interfered in the 2016 election, and the Intelligence Community believes that they will be back in 2018.   Congress should pass our Secure Elections Act - a bill to fortify our elections systems from foreign attackers and defend the next election. I asked Trump nominee Andrew Oldham four times whether he believes voting discrimination exists. He wouldn’t answer. Today, the Senate will vote on his lifetime appointment to the federal bench. I will absolutely vote NO on his nomination.pic.twitter.com/Y2eFlZNv1P It’s there in black and white.   REPORTER: “Did you want President Trump to win the election and did you direct any of your officials to help him do that?”   PUTIN: “Yes, I did. Yes, I did.” … I’ve just introduced the REUNITE Act, a bill to immediately reunify all children who were separated from their parents at the border, ensure families will not be reunited in jail & establish a permanent system to protect detained immigrants with children. We are better than this. We’re live from the Capitol with an important update on reunifying families separated at the border. … In one hour, @SenJeffMerkley, @SenCortezMasto & I will be making an important announcement on the fight to reunify families. Watch live here:  Yesterday, the President put "Russia First" and America second. Every American should be raising their voice. The whole world just watched as the President sided with Putin over U.S. Intelligence Agencies. There is no doubt that Putin has launched attacks on the very heart of our democracy, and by not standing up to him today, the President has invited him to do it again. It’s unconscionable for the President to meet one-on-one with Putin, especially given these latest indictments. We need to prevent the next attack, not reward the attackers. President Trump made clear that he had a litmus test for Supreme Court Justices—overturn Roe v. Wade. Brett Kavanaugh was selected because he passed that litmus test. Pay attention. A woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body and her future is at stake. A great night with a great team!pic.twitter.com/s2TipbE1c2 We’re staging a comeback. #DontEmbarassHarrispic.twitter.com/1IACkzZi2n – bei The National Mall Doug got a home run!pic.twitter.com/uRWOZNuScC A beautiful night to cheer on my staffers & Doug in their Senate Softball game.pic.twitter.com/3Bd5NV8sSH At Judiciary.  Once again requested oversight hearing on Administration’s inhumane policy of separating kids from parents. Senator Grassley says if he had known three weeks ago what he knows now he would have had the hearing. Appreciate the candor. But now we need the hearing. Secretary Nielsen made a request for asylum seekers to go to ports of entry to legally apply for asylum. Now, her department has implemented a policy that makes it nearly impossible for victims of domestic violence & gang violence to do just that. It's cruel.pic.twitter.com/QCmmv5Ewqi The Trump Administration is implementing a new policy that will result in potentially thousands of asylum seekers being turned away before they can plead their case at the border. Let’s be clear, this Administration is refusing entry to those who face certain violence and harm. Americans across this country are being crushed by student debt - and recent studies show that Black students are hit the hardest. @SenWarren & I are calling on @BetsyDeVosED to take concrete steps to address the disproportionate harm the debt crisis is causing students of color.pic.twitter.com/aAJFC8HWxG This Administration missed the deadline to reunify all immigrant children under 5-years-old with their parents after separating them at the border.   These children woke up today not knowing where their parents are or when they’ll see them again. It’s a child's worst nightmare. Congratulations to my dear friend London Breed on being sworn in as Mayor of San Francisco. You have always represented the best of who we are as a city, county, state, and country. What a happy, historic moment! If you are a young woman in America, pay attention to Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination. What’s at stake is a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body and her future.   This will forever change your life. Pay attention. I'm on the steps of the Supreme Court to voice my opposition to Brett Kavanaugh's nomination. Watch live. … I know just how consequential this seat on the Supreme Court is.   Had the Supreme Court not issued the unanimous opinion led by Chief Justice Earl Warren in Brown v. Board, I likely would not have become a lawyer and I certainly would not have become a U.S. Senator. Whether or not the Supreme Court enforces the spirit of the words "Equal Justice Under Law," is determined by the individuals who sit on that Court. Brett Kavanaugh represents a fundamental threat to that promise of equality. I will oppose his nomination to the Supreme Court. All of Trump’s potential nominees to the Supreme Court vacancy want to take away a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own health care decisions. Make no mistake - this is about punishing women. Our nation must not lose our commitment to the values emblazoned on the Statue of Liberty: “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” Our country’s greatest strength has always been our ability to make it a more just and equal place. A reminder this Fourth of July: it was eight immigrants who signed the Declaration of Independence. Happy Independence Day. “I became convinced that noncooperation with evil is as much a moral obligation as cooperation with good.” -Martin Luther King, Jr. #MondayMotivation Real power does not reside in Washington, D.C., it lives in each and every one of us – and it is up to each and every one of us to use our voices and take to the streets. In the last century, there have been 200 attempts to get Congress to pass federal anti-lynching legislation. All have failed. it’s time for that to change. I’ve introduced a federal anti-lynching bill. Let’s pass it this Congress.  President Trump wants to nominate someone to the Supreme Court who will overturn Roe v. Wade. What this is really about is punishing women for wanting to control their bodies, their lives, and their futures. Years from now, people will ask us where we were in this moment. We don’t want the answer to be how we felt. We want the answer to be what we did. Today, I’m headed out to rally in downtown LA because #FamiliesBelongTogether – find a march near you. … In 2016, Senate Republicans said that the American people deserve an opportunity to speak on Supreme Court nominees.   Now that Justice Kennedy is retiring and @realDonaldTrump is president, will they silence them?pic.twitter.com/nT0wtgET6O The time is always right to do right. Find a way to get in the way and we will make a way out of no way. #goodtrouble I’ll be at the #FamiliesBelongTogether rally tomorrow in downtown LA I urge everyone in the area to come out and join me. These children and their parents need our support. My mantra: we must choose hope, over hate; action, over apathy. Every single day. FACT: @realDonaldTrump repeatedly promised to nominate justices to the Supreme Court that would overturn Roe v. Wade.   That’s #WhatsAtStake, no matter who President Trump nominates.pic.twitter.com/p6K1FeIgSk UPDATE: I’m working on legislation with @SenJeffMerkley and @SenCortezMasto that would require the Administration to take concrete steps to reunify the 2,000 children who remain separated from their families and do the same for any future separated families. The American people deserve to have their voice heard on this Supreme Court seat. We shouldn’t consider a nominee until they have voted at the ballot box. The fight over this Supreme Court seat is going to be one of the most serious fights we’ve faced under this President.   We cannot relent.pic.twitter.com/urdaMwDYuL Today, I’m reminded of the commitment I made on Election Night 2016. When our nation’s values and ideals are under attack – do we retreat or do we fight?   I say, we fight. #SaveSCOTUSpic.twitter.com/K07EreCto7 The President’s list of potential SCOTUS nominees are complete non-starters. They are conservative ideologues, not mainstream jurists. We cannot and will not accept them to serve on the highest court in the land. Given the stakes of this Supreme Court seat, which will determine the fate of fundamental constitutional rights, the American people, who will vote in less than 4 months, deserve to have their voice heard. We shouldn't vote on confirmation until they have voted at the ballot box. This Supreme Court vacancy puts issues that affect every single American in the balance, from a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own health care decisions to privacy, equality and civil rights. A REMINDER: This morning approximately 2,000 children woke up without their parents, not knowing where they were, not knowing when they would see them again.    They must be reunited immediately. We can’t stop shouting about this. Congress must act to bolster the American labor movement that built the middle class of this country. It is up to all of us to fight to protect the ability of working families to make a living wage and pursue the American dream now more than ever. We cannot ignore that this decision is part of an ongoing trend of the Roberts Court that has repeatedly sided with employers over employees, corporations over consumers, and special interests over vulnerable Americans. Today's ruling in Janus vs. AFSCME undermines the basic premise, held up by courts for over 4 decades, that if a union represents all employees in negotiating & administering a collective bargaining agreement, then all employees ought to share the costs of that representation. Our country’s success depends on the right of all workers to collectively negotiate fair wages, benefits and protections. When I was AG of CA, I defended a law that kept anti-choice “clinics” from lying to and misleading patients about their health care options. Today, the Supreme Court wrongly decided those clinics can withhold medical information from women. All women deserve full access to care. UPDATE: Only around 500 children separated from their parents at the border have been reunited. Around 2,000 children are still separated. We must not allow attention to fade from this ongoing crisis. 6.26.13 Prop 8 was dismissed. 6.26.15 Marriage equality became the law of the land.  Happy Anniversary to all the couples celebrating in the coming days. #LoveisLovepic.twitter.com/RhNvcXU8ze I never thought I would live to see a day when the Supreme Court of the United States would again make a decision as inhumane as Dred Scott v. Sandford or Korematsu v. United States. #StandWithMuslims #NoMuslimBanEver Let’s be clear – this Muslim Ban was never been about national security. It was about discrimination against immigrants and an entire religion. The Supreme Court’s decision to uphold the President’s Muslim Ban is shameful.   This nation was built upon the promise that people of all faiths should be welcome to our shores. Today's decision is an utter failure on that promise and an abdication of our moral leadership. On Friday, I visited the Otay Mesa detention facility to meet with the mothers who had their children taken from them. We must keep fighting to reunite these families.pic.twitter.com/9XCK57kDw6 I’ve just introduced a bill to require that farm workers are paid minimum wage and have overtime rights. This is a matter of basic fairness and justice.pic.twitter.com/d57Ks1P6km The mothers I spoke with today who have had their children taken, they think that they're alone. We need to remind them and everyone else that they are not alone and that we all stand with them.pic.twitter.com/KZFI8vtUlu This is unacceptable. These mothers have fled some of the murder capitals of the world and fled domestic violence. And our government is treating them like they pose the same threat as a member of a transnational gang. These women do not know for certain where their children are, do not know if and when they will be reunited and some have not been able to even speak with them by phone. Just finished touring the Otay Mesa detention facility. We were not allowed by ICE to bring phones or cameras inside. During my visit, I spoke with mothers who have been separated from their children, some as young as five years old. A little later today, I will be in San Diego to visit with mothers at the Otay Mesa Detention Facility who were separated from their children at the border. I’ll share updates of what I see and learn. Check back with me as the day goes on. As I prepare to visit mothers at the Otay Mesa Detention Facility who were separated from their children at the border, I’m thinking of the more than 2,000 children who woke up this morning scared and without their parents.pic.twitter.com/dUnNokpWWl There are over 2,000 children in our country who will go to bed tonight asking, “Where’s my mommy, where’s my daddy?” This is an outrage.pic.twitter.com/occYiIH5pE This morning thousands of children woke up without their parents, not knowing where they were, not knowing when they would see them again.   The Executive Order yesterday doesn’t change that. They must be reunited immediately. On the Senate floor now to talk about the Trump Administration's zero-tolerance policy and this executive order. Watch live. … Our immigrant detention system is massive & rampant with abuse. The White House wants to pour more money into it to imprison families. I urge my colleagues to support the DONE Act to prohibit the expansion or construction of new detention facilities & increase oversight funding. This Executive Order in no way deals with reuniting the *two thousand three hundred* children who have been torn away from their parents and remain separated. When will they see their parents again? They must be reunited immediately. This Executive Order doesn’t fix the crisis. Indefinitely detaining children with their families in camps is inhumane and will not make us safe. This Administration must end the zero-tolerance policy, which has created this crisis. It can be reversed by the President right now. … This is a human rights abuse committed by the United States government.pic.twitter.com/FQVoCXPcVV Kirstjen Nielsen should resign immediately. She is leading an agency that is separating children from their parents for no reason. It’s immoral, it’s unnecessary, and it’s got to stop. She should go Taking these babies from their parents is unnecessary and it’s cruel. The law does not require it. We’re talking about innocent children who are being traumatized.pic.twitter.com/LVRwEoICNz Every single Democrat in the United States Senate supports our Keep Families Together Act to end the Trump Administration’s inhumane child separation policy.     I urge the rest of my colleagues to join us. The President could make one phone call and stop this.pic.twitter.com/iwv737CJA8 I can’t support a bill that green lights a nuclear program, chipping away at our country’s credibility as stewards of peace in the world and further abdicating Congressional responsibility and oversight to this Administration. The American people deserve better. While I support the majority of the programs in the NDAA, I voted NO - it grants the Administration new, unchecked powers to develop & administer a low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile. These weapons make us less safe by increasing the likelihood of nuclear escalation. We must speak the truth. There is no law that says the Administration has to rip children away from their families. This Administration can and must reverse course now. If leaders say they care about family values, then they cannot support the separation of families that inflicts lasting trauma on children and parents.pic.twitter.com/oIvyh79YS5 DHS Sec. Nielsen's record of misleading statements - including yesterday’s denial that the Administration even had a policy of separating children at the border - are disqualifying. She should resign immediately. It's time for Secretary Nielsen to resign. The government should be in the business of keeping families together, not tearing them apart. And the government should have a commitment to transparency and accountability. Under her tenure, DHS does not have a track record of either. They have also separated families at the ports of entry - and despite encouraging people to go to the ports to apply for asylum, they want to make it harder to apply for asylum. This Administration has been talking about family separation as a deterrent since March of last year. Watch this.pic.twitter.com/61HbFO4t1R Let’s be clear, this Administration, including DHS knows they could stop the zero-tolerance policy right now and let these children be with their families. BREAKING: The Associated Press is now reporting that almost 2,000 children have been separated from their families in just 6 weeks. The Trump Administration must end this immoral policy immediately. On the 6th Anniversary of DACA, a few facts:   -> Trump arbitrarily ended DACA. -> The majority of Americans believe we should protect Dreamers. -> The GOP has control of the House, Senate & White House.   They can & should act to pass the DREAM Act. Republicans are going to try to use ending the immoral policy of separating children & parents as leverage to pass some other immoral policy. It should be ended period - no strings attached. There's no room for callous calculation when it comes to the wellbeing of children. We have a bill to stop the Trump Administration's zero-tolerance policy of ripping children away from their parents. It's called the Keep Families Together Act.  Here’s what you can do: contact your representatives & voice your outrage. Then, call the White House & do the same.pic.twitter.com/xuyOR4vPRQ We have a bill to stop the Trump Administration's zero-tolerance policy of ripping children away from their parents. It's called the Keep Families Together Act.  Here’s what you can do: contact your representatives & voice your outrage. Then, call the White House & do the same.pic.twitter.com/xuyOR4vPRQ Let’s call this policy what it is: a human rights abuse being committed by the United States government. … The deadline for my office’s fall internship program in Washington, D.C. is days away (June 15). Find out more about how to apply here.  … A Republican-sponsored provision in the NDAA takes away Congress’ power to decide when to develop and deploy low-yield nuclear weapons and gives it to the President. I am strongly opposed to it. Giving Trump and every president after him this blanket authority is dangerous. The Department of Homeland Security has separated at least 1,300 children from their parents at the border since October of 2017. They have not given Congress data about it or the reasons for it. This immoral policy must be stopped.pic.twitter.com/8W68SkXasp It’s clear the government got it very wrong in Puerto Rico. We owe grieving communities accurate information, and we need this data to understand how we can save more lives in the aftermath of future disasters. … Investing resources in former offenders as they are re-entering the community is just a smart thing to do. We know it works. Years ago, I created the Back on Track initiative when I was District Attorney of San Francisco happy to see it at work in Philly. … We must act now to address the challenges we face in the development of quantum computing—our future depends on it.  It’s past time that we address the gaps in our laws that allow sexual harassment to go unpunished and keep it in the shadows. #EMPOWER  Yesterday, I met with representatives from the @AMarch4OurLives team including Charlie & Matt. They’re about to head out on a nationwide tour to register voters with stops in California. They’re why I’m optimistic about the future. I’m with them all the way.pic.twitter.com/O2LPssmihS Two years after #Pulse, we remember the 49 lives lost. Let’s tell, read, and share their stories – and let’s unite around them. #HonorThemWithAction   (Artwork by Kelly O’Brien)pic.twitter.com/MT62zY4h8L Today, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced he will overturn the rule that allowed Aminta, and other women who are survivors of domestic violence, from seeking refuge in America. We should all be ashamed. … Aminta had, in fact, called the police on her husband several times, but the officers told her they wouldn’t interfere in a marital relationship. So, she fled to the United States to save her life. Her husband beat her. He raped her. Once, he poured turpentine on her skin - he wanted to set her on fire. He threated to kill her if she called the police or if she left him. It was Christmas Day when Aminta Cifuentes crossed into the United States seeking asylum to save her life. Aminta, a Guatemalan citizen, was fleeing her abusive husband. She had endured 10 years of violence. The repeal of #NetNeutrality rules goes into effect today, but this fight is not over. House Democrats are trying to gather support to force a vote to save Net Neutrality just like we did in the Senate.   Take action & demand your representative save the free & fair internet. The government failed Puerto Rico at every level in the wake of Hurricane Maria – including in getting an accurate death toll. Today, I introduced a bill to establish federal procedures for counting fatalities after natural disasters. This can’t ever happen again. The spirit of the census is that no one should go uncounted and no one should be invisible. It is clear this administration knows adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census threatens its accuracy, and still plans to include it. … I’ve already contacted Ben Carson to demand a justification for his proposal to raise rent on low-income households. Still waiting for him to answer why they think this will do anything at all to help low-income families. … Congratulations to our champs the @Warriors! Sorry @sensherrodbrown, looks like two years of drinks on you. #dubnation It doesn’t have to be this way. It’s within Congress’ power to change our gun laws and make this country safer for our kids. … We just introduced a bill to stop the Trump Administration’s immoral zero-tolerance policy of ripping immigrant children away from their parents.   Here’s what you can do: contact your representatives & voice your outrage. Then, call the White House & do the same: 202-456-1414. On this day in 1906, Teddy Roosevelt signed the Antiquities Act to protect national treasures. This administration has been working to gut it. To raise awareness I’m asking everyone to share pictures of some of their favorite public lands. Here are some of mine. #MonumentsForAllpic.twitter.com/jyDc4eBT5W Proud to cosponsor this bill. Now let’s fight to get it passed. These children deserve better from our country. … If you or someone you know may be at risk of suicide, help is available.   Call 1-800-273-8255 to reach the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. It provides 24/7, free and confidential support for people in distress, and prevention & crisis resources for you or your loved ones. .@SenFeinstein & I introduced a bill to prohibit the Trump Administration from indiscriminately separating immigrant children from their parents. Ripping kids from the arms of their parents is not border security. Our government should keep families together, not tear them apart. Not to be missed: the Senate confirmed Kenneth Marcus to lead the Department of Ed.’s Office for Civil Rights. He’s attacked programs that protect the civil rights of LGBTQ people, women, & people of color. We’ll have to be viligant in resisting attacks on students’ civil rights. “A day has not gone by when the boy has failed to ask in Spanish, ‘When will I see my papa?’”   Read this wrenching article about a child who was taken from his father at the border and try and tell me that the Trump Administration’s policy isn’t immoral. … Quantum computing is the next technological frontier that will change the world. Without adequate research and coordination we risk falling behind in the cyberspace race. Today, I introduced a bill to create an entity to support the development of quantum information science. This is corruption and mismanagement, plain and simple. Scott Pruitt should immediately resign or be fired. … President Trump has been nominating judges who are openly hostile towards the LGBTQ community & have fought against full equality for LGBTQ Americans. These people are up for lifetime appointments and will have an impact on our justice system for decades.pic.twitter.com/UaQ8nBJMQE Best part of my day: meeting with this group of California students.pic.twitter.com/MJRzpwjjJ1 From 1882 to 1968 there have been nearly 200 attempts to get Congress to pass federal anti-lynching legislation and all have failed. It’s about time we got a bill passed. I plan to introduce my own federal anti-lynching bill in the Senate. On this day in 1998, James Byrd Jr. was lynched – he was chained to the back of a truck by his ankles and dragged for miles down a paved road in East Texas. Lynching is a dark, despicable part of our history, and we must acknowledge that history, lest we repeat it. It’s clear we have to continue to fight for LGBTQ equality. This is a fight that every American who cares about equal rights and equal dignity must join. #PRIDE I’ve got a good feeling about tomorrow! #DubNation … Popped by the #ExperienceNH event to say hi to my friend @SenatorShaheen and grab a bite of Michele’s Sweet Shoppe popcorn!pic.twitter.com/wtzrSjvjDM No family should have to choose between paying for safe, clean drinking water and putting food on the table. I’ve introduced the Water Affordability Act of 2018 to help families who need it pay for rising sewer & water bills. When the @WNBA champion team the @MinnesotaLynx didn’t receive an invitation to the White House, they decided to hold a day of service instead. … Yesterday, I introduced the #EMPOWER Act, which will:   -Put companies on notice that they can't secretly financially protect harassers. -Reduce the barriers preventing survivors from speaking out. -Arm people with the resources to address systemic workplace harassment. This bill won’t let employers force people to sign non-disclosure agreements related to harassment  …pic.twitter.com/A4FzRmLVIo If the #MeToo conversation ends without a meaningful change in our laws, then we will have failed not only the courageous women who have come forward, but also the next generation of women who will enter the workplace. Today, I introduced the #EMPOWER Act.  It’s time to get with the times and make marijuana legal at the federal level. The priority of our law enforcement needs to be serious and violent crimes, not somebody smoking a joint on the street.  La Raza Centro Legal is excited to team up with @AILANational to provide free immigration consultations on Sat, June 16 from 9am-12pm. Contact us to set up an appointment in advance!  … A clear example of how this administration’s immigration policies are damaging to public safety: fewer immigrants are reporting domestic abuse. … Whoever you are, whatever God you worship, and whatever your party affiliation is, you need to breathe clean air and drink clean water. In our personal habits, community initiatives, and national policies we’ve got a responsibility to care for our planet. #WorldEnvironmentDay In the face of falsehoods being spoken about the Mueller investigation, let’s speak the truth: in one year, this investigation has yielded the indictments of 19 people and 3 companies, and 5 guilty pleas. Congress should act now to protect the special counsel. When our laws allow sexual harassers to go unpunished & silence survivors, we know we’ve got a problem to fix. Today I'm introducing the #EMPOWER Act with @LisaMurkowski because ending harassment in the workplace starts with challenging the institutions that allowed it to thrive. Remembering this wisdom from RFK: “There are people in every time and every land who want to stop history in its tracks. They fear the future, mistrust the present, and invoke the security of a comfortable past which, in fact, never existed.” No one - including the President - is above the law. I can’t overstate the importance of Special Counsel Robert Mueller being able to complete his job without interference. Battles like this will keep coming & we will continue to fight to uphold equal rights for all Americans. … If your #DACA expired on or after the September 5, 2016 you may submit a DACA renewal application. Apply with USCIS →   #renewDACApic.twitter.com/8pT2M3qmoL Today we #WearOrange for the victims of gun violence and their friends and family who live each day missing them. How many more people must die - on our sidewalks, in our schools, in our churches - before Congress has the courage to act?   Enough is enough.pic.twitter.com/6Iy8zvPSJh The government should be in the business of keeping families together, not tearing them apart. Indiscriminately separating children from their parents at the border is completely immoral. … Hi everyone, Senator Harris' team here. Her town hall in Panorama City is underway right now. You can watch live here:  … You’re on. Will you be delivering those beverages in a @warriors jersey again this year? #dubnation … The deadline to apply to participate in my office’s Fall Law Clerkship program is tomorrow, June 1. You can apply by visiting my website here:  … The government should be in the business of keeping families together, not tearing them apart. Indiscriminately separating children from their parents at the border is completely immoral. … Benje – a California kid – asked what this administration is doing to address gun violence in schools during today’s White House press briefing. His courage gives me hope. We won’t give up the fight. His generation will make change.pic.twitter.com/OH2E5thA8T Even if you can’t make it to my town hall in the San Fernando Valley this week, I still want to hear from you. Tweet me your questions & I’ll answer some at the town hall on Thursday. If we really want to help working Americans, then let’s take up causes that would actually put money into their hands, like raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and guaranteeing access to health care for everyone. I demanded answers from DHS Secretary Nielsen about the Trump Administration's immoral policy of separating children from their parents at the border & ports of entry last week. Her answers were beyond insufficient.pic.twitter.com/2g2vo7EBJd 72 countries effectively outlaw same-sex sexual relations between consenting adults. Eight apply the death penalty as a punishment. The idea that this Administration is calling into question the eligibility of LGBTQ people to claim asylum is unconscionable. Pleased to see @JimInhofe’s & my resolution declaring this week National Public Works week passed in the Senate today. Join me for a town hall in the San Fernando Valley on May 31. Tickets are free and available at the link.  … .@CoryBooker and I spoke with some students advocating for gun safety outside the Capitol today. I told them to keep fighting and promised them I would too. Congress must enact commonsense gun safety laws.pic.twitter.com/qiRQ9EFdcG And about her extreme views on women’s health care here: … You can read more about her refusal to endorse Brown v. Board here: … We can’t let this fly under the radar: the Trump administration is systemically appointing extreme judges to the federal bench. Today, over my objections the Judiciary Committee advanced the nomination of Wendy Vitter, someone who refused to endorse the Brown v. Board decision. Public works professionals make vital contributions to our country. They make sure our communities have clean water, effective mass transit, and safe roads and bridges. I’m proud to introduce a resolution with @JimInhofe to designate this week National Public Works Week. ATENCIÓN DREAMERS! Ahora puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso #DACA. Si cumples con los requisitos para renovar tu permiso DACA, debes hacerlo ya →  Dreamers can still apply to renew their DACA. If you meet the requirements to apply for DACA renewal, you should apply today. Please retweet to help spread the word→  A system where those at the top are rewarded while workers get left behind, is a broken system. We must fix it. … “Only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.”   #WednesdayWisdom from MLK The domestic gag rule is an attack on our rights. The White House has no business deciding what a doctor or nurse can say to their patient about legal medical procedures. RT if you agree. No one’s civil rights should be undermined because of race, gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Today, I’m introducing the #DoNoHarm Act to protect the fundamental right to live a life free from discrimination. “Hope will never be silent.” – Harvey Milk #HarveyMilkDay We can’t sleep on this. The White House is launching a direct attack on Planned Parenthood and other healthcare providers. Millions may lose access to cancer screenings, birth control, and checkups.   We need everyone shouting. … Today, we are grieving with Santa Fe High School, but we must do more. Making our schools safer for our children starts with passing the common-sense gun safety laws that the majority of Americans support. Another moment of silence will not suffice, we must act. I voted NO on the nomination of Gina Haspel for CIA Director. Torture is immoral and the person we choose to lead the CIA should be able to state that unequivocally to the American people. This is what a leader fighting for her city looks like. It was great to see the mayor of my hometown @LibbySchaaf today.pic.twitter.com/5hBTmZc10L While the Senate Judiciary Committee’s investigation remains incomplete and must continue, we have made some clear and preliminary conclusions regarding the Trump campaign’s effort to obtain incriminating information on Secretary Clinton from Russia.  …pic.twitter.com/T1Kpy8sk6O BREAKING: The Senate just voted to keep #NetNeutrality rules – a huge victory for protecting the free & open internet. We need to be SHUTTING DOWN for-profit prisons. Even though our country already runs the largest immigrant detention system in the world, the Trump administration wants more of them. Proud to partner with @SenKamalaHarris on this legislation. … I voted NO on the nomination of Gina Haspel in the Senate Intelligence Committee today. The choice for CIA Director sends a clear signal about our values as a country. Senator McCain was right when he stated that her "refusal to acknowledge torture’s immorality is disqualifying." The White House wants to pour billions of dollars into ICE’s detention facilities, places where we know human rights abuses are being perpetrated. Enough is enough. Today, I’m introducing the DONE Act with @RepJayapal to prohibit the expansion or construction of new facilities. “Renew and Secure It” campaign begins! #FREE DACA renewals (for those who qualify) at CHIRLA starting now trough July 21, 2018.   #DACA renewal clinics every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at CHIRLA main office — must be in line by 8 AM.  Help us spread the word — #RTpic.twitter.com/onyQiSRorn The Senate will vote on the resolution to save #NetNeutrality TOMORROW.    Time to roll up our sleeves.   We need everyone to take action & raise their voices in support of a free and open internet TODAY.  Betsy DeVos should be protecting students, not predatory for-profit colleges.  Think of the children desperately hoping for loving homes who will be hurt by this discriminatory law. … Climate change is real and it poses a grave threat to our nation and our planet. It’s abundantly clear this Administration won’t tackle climate change head on, so state and local governments must. … Domestic violence survivors seeking asylum in the U.S. deserve our protection. … California has experienced 8 of its most destructive fires since 2016. We must protect our communities from these massive fires that will be exacerbated by climate change. This plan by @JerryBrownGov is the kind of investment & big thinking needed to tackle this issue. … The priority of our law enforcement needs to be serious and violent crime, not somebody smoking a joint. We need to legalize marijuana at the federal level. Actively monitoring the situation at Highland High School in Palmdale. I’m grateful to the police officers and CHP on the scene. Of the more than 130 people who've served as presidents of the 12 Federal reserve banks, only 3 have been people of color. Yesterday, @RepBeatty & I introduced the Diverse Leadership Act to get the Fed to do more to ensure that their heads of the table reflect those they serve. Behind the scenes of our Marijuana Justice Act video. Always a good time with Cory.pic.twitter.com/tooRQ3twRM We are simply trying to do our due diligence to find and vet nominees. Jamming through extreme and unqualified nominees undermines the very nature of the judicial branch’s role in our government. But the whole point of the blue slip process is to protect the ability of the home-state Senators to look out for the interests of their constituents and ensure that the judicial nominees who are up for lifetime appointments in the courts of their states are qualified and vetted. Under this Republican Congress, this convention is being violated because the majority wants to confirm judges that they agree with ideologically and as quickly as possible. No Democratic Judiciary Committee Chairman has ever held a hearing for a nominee over the objections of a Republican home-state Senator. Both Senators from the state where the judge is up for the appointment need to signal their approval for things to move forward. This process has been in place for 100 years. Here’s what’s going on in the Senate Judiciary Committee right now: traditionally, judicial appointments are only considered once Senators from the state where the nominee will be appointed indicate their approval by turning in what we call a “blue slip.” Making marijuana legal at the federal level is the smart thing to do and it’s the right thing to do. Today, I’m announcing my support for @CoryBooker’s Marijuana Justice Act.pic.twitter.com/cOh3SjMaOW Torture is immoral and un-American and Gina Haspel should have stated that unequivocally in today's hearing. Based on her full record, today’s hearing & the lack of transparency in this process, I will vote no on Gina Haspel's nomination for CIA Director. It sends the wrong signal to the CIA workforce, the American people, and countries abroad about our values. One way to fight the powerful interests stacking the deck against working people and their families is by creating more union jobs. I’m proud to cosponsor @SenSanders’ Workplace Democracy Act. The petition to force a vote on @SenMarkey’s resolution to save #NetNeutrality is officially filed. A vote in the Senate is imminent and we need just one more vote. Make your voices heard before it’s too late. Call your Senators today. I asked Trump nominee Gina Haspel four different times whether she believe the CIA’s previous interrogation techniques, like waterboarding, were immoral. She repeatedly declined to answer.pic.twitter.com/UhH0j3U4uY It should be our aspiration that no one in America goes hungry – but House Republicans are proposing slashing the budget for SNAP, a program that about 40 million Americans (the majority of which are children, elderly, or have disabilities) rely on to eat. It’s plain immoral. The White House is proposing paying for its tax giveaway to corporations and the top 1% by cutting billions in funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Disgusting. … All CIA information related to any involvement Gina Haspel may have had in the CIA’s Rendition, Detention, and Interrogation program should be declassified and made available to the American people so they can judge for themselves. I’ll always remember seeing my 1st grade teacher, Mrs. Frances Wilson in the audience at my law school graduation. That’s just the kind of teacher she was – always there, always supporting. Thinking of her this #TeacherAppreciationDay. I asked a DHS official whether they were still considering a policy to separate parents from children at the border just two weeks ago. He evaded my question. Surely this official must have known today's announcement was in the works when I asked? Every time I’ve asked Trump officials about whether they are establishing the policy of separating children from parents at the border, they’ve refused to give me a straight answer. Today, they unveiled that exact policy. Wanted to share a photo of some of the beautiful artwork I have in my office. The two pieces behind me are called “Sweet 16” and “Indigo” and were painted by California artist @JuneCarol_E.pic.twitter.com/ncB71cP7ee Our supposed leaders in Washington need to stop attacking immigrants and instead make clear that America is a place where immigrants and refugees are welcome and contribute to our society.  This week it needs to be the first priority of the United States Congress to pass legislation to protect the Special Counsel. We have a bipartisan bill ready to go. Republican leadership should bring it to the floor for a vote. On some reservations, Native women are murdered at a rate of 10 times the national average. This issue urgently needs our attention. #NotInvisible #MMIWG Today is Wildfire Community Preparedness Day & communities across California and all over the country are chipping in to help reduce the risk for wildfires. Find a project near you:  …. We cannot have a civil society without gun safety laws. We need background checks. We need an assault weapons ban. Congress needs to have courage and act. Keep doing what you’re doing, girls. Your futures are bright.  We have to call these actions what they are: an attempt to remake the demographics of our country by cracking down on immigrants. … .@SenKamalaHarris, @SenSherrodBrown, @SenTinaSmith, @SenGaryPeters and @SenatorShaheen are all in on saving #NetNeutrality!  In just one week -- on Wednesday, May 9th -- we will officially file the petition to force a vote on the resolution to #SaveTheInternet.  #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/SKtAnRYGix The American people have made it clear that our national monuments should be protected - but Congress recently learned that the administration doesn’t intend to take public comments into consideration. Public lands belong to the American people & we deserve to be heard on this. Happy Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month! Check out this amazing project from @NBCAsianAmerica. #AAPHM  This administration sold out the American people when they unlawfully moved to weaken our country’s clean car standards. I stand with the Attorneys General of the 17 states who are suing to stop them. Retweet if you do too. We must remember that this is a fight for something, not against something. It’s a fight for a job you rely on in a safe work place. It’s a fight for decent wages and it’s a fight for every American to have healthcare. #MayDay This morning we once again see that Robert Mueller’s investigation is under threat. Congress must take action now to dramatically limit Trump’s ability to fire the Special Counsel. We will keep demanding answers about the reckless actions being carried out by ICE that are tearing families apart & hurting our economy. The Senate is an independent branch of government & has a responsibility under the Constitution to provide its advice and consent on this nomination. We’re still owed answers. Why wouldn’t he come before the Senate & answer questions under oath? Was this administration concerned about what he’d say, or did they believe his nomination would have (rightly) been defeated? Thomas Homan, the controversial Trump nominee who has been performing the duties of ICE Director since January (despite not being confirmed by the Senate), announced today that he’ll resign as acting director & withdraw his nomination in advance of potential nomination hearings. My Democratic colleagues & I are demanding that this administration stop any plans to shrink Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monuments until the courts have ruled on this attack on our public lands. Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee advanced legislation to limit Trump’s ability to fire the Special Counsel. Now, we need Republican leaders to schedule a vote on it. Senators should have to let their constituents know where they stand on this issue & be held accountable. Driftnets used to catch swordfish are injuring & killing other animals off of California’s coast – including dolphins, whales, sharks & turtles. That’s not okay. Senators Feinstein, Capito & I introduced a bill to phase out driftnets in all U.S. waters.pic.twitter.com/xz32eNxsYB Scott Pruitt took no responsibility for his unethical actions. In any other administration he would be long gone by now. He should be fired or resign.pic.twitter.com/8kSqZHnWIz Drawing my inspiration today from the great Coretta Scott King on what would be her 91st birthday:   “Freedom is never really won. You earn it and win it in every generation.” #CelebratingCoretta I’ve contacted Ben Carson to demand a justification for his proposal of a 300% increase in rent for low-income households. He needs to answer why on earth he thinks this will help low-income families. I asked Andrew Oldham – a man up for a lifetime judicial appointment - whether he believes voting discrimination exists four times. He wouldn’t answer.pic.twitter.com/iMMTAA5Hav It’s been reported that hundreds of immigrant children have been taken from their parents at the border and at ports of entry. I’ve been demanding answers about this from the Trump administration for months and did again today. You can’t get a straight answer.pic.twitter.com/VVD6xeK9At We owe it to our veterans to put the very best person we can find in charge of caring for their health and welfare. The next nominee put forth to be the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should be someone who is qualified, experience, and non-controversial. A couple of junior staffers joined me for a quick meeting this morning. Got to love her face paint. #TakeYourChildtoWorkDaypic.twitter.com/mcmGhqUjYA BREAKING: A bipartisan bill to protect the Special Counsel just passed the Senate Judiciary Committee. This bill should go to the Senate floor for a vote immediately. Americans deserve to know where their elected leaders stand. This is about the endurance of our democracy. Last week, at the bidding of the oil and gas industry, the Trump Administration took the first step in opening up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling.   This is another dangerous mistake that the Trump Administration considers a “win.” The Senate just voted to confirm Kyle Duncan for a lifetime appointment to the federal bench. I voted no & would again if I could. Today, we solemnly mark 103 years since the Armenian Genocide began and remember the 1.5 million Armenians killed between 1915 and 1923. I’m proud to co-sponsor a Senate resolution to commemorate those lost and ensure U.S. acknowledgement of this horrific chapter in history. Pompeo's record on torture, surveillance, and the collection and use of metadata are inconsistent with American national security interests and values. I opposed his nomination to be CIA Director and will oppose his nomination to be Secretary of State. Something you may have missed: the Trump Administration preparing to deny funds to science-based programs to help prevent teen pregnancy, and give them to abstinence-only education programs.   Let me be clear about this: abstinence-only education does not work. If you don’t agree that Brown v. Board of Education was decided correctly, my perspective is that you’ve got no business deciding any other case on any other court. pic.twitter.com/PjTFzL349P Let’s speak the truth that our criminal justice system is badly broken. In 1968, there were 200,000 people locked up in state and federal prison. Today, there are 1.4 million. It was a historic moment yesterday when @SenDuckworth brought baby Maile the Senate floor (a well overdue one). I look forward to the day when we need a nursery off the side of the cloakroom of the United States Senate. … I’m part of a group of 39 senators and 131 representatives calling on Scott Pruitt to resign. This is the most Senators in U.S. history to sign on to a resolution formally calling for a cabinet official’s resignation.   The bottom line: Pruitt is corrupt. He must go. If it wasn’t already clear, America’s children won’t stop marching & shouting until we do something to address the fact that kids are dying in their classrooms. Congress would be wise to listen. #NationalSchoolWalkout Workers who handle harmful chemicals & pesticides have a right to know what they’re being exposed to. It’s a matter of health and safety. I’ve just introduced a bill with @SenCortezMasto to address it. I believe Kyle Duncan is unfit to serve. Please make your views him known to your Senators before his nomination is voted on. And, who is currently representing the creators of the North Carolina Bathroom Bill targeting transgender students? Kyle Duncan. Guess who was one of the attorneys petitioning the Supreme Court to uphold Louisiana’s ban on marriage equality? Kyle Duncan. Kyle Duncan also tried to get the Supreme Court to reinstate a racist voter ID law that "targeted African-Americans with almost surgical precision." Remember the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court case where corporate bosses argued for the ability to block their employees' access to birth control? The lead lawyer was Kyle Duncan. The Senate may soon vote on the nomination of Kyle Duncan for a lifetime appointment to the federal bench. This man has spent much of his career advocating against LGBTQ rights, women’s rights, immigrants’ rights, and voting rights. In her Emmy acceptance speech, @LenaWaithe said, “The things that make us different, those are our superpowers.”   Lena, thanks to you, millions of Americans are donning their capes. #Time100 … My advice: somebody is going to make the decision  —  so why not let it be you? … What Americans really deserve is an EPA Administrator that will protect their right to breathe clean air and drink clean water, but at the very least they should have one that isn't corrupt. Pruitt should resign. Sad to hear about the passing of Barbara Bush. She was dedicated to this country and devoted to her family and friends. My thoughts are with them during this time. Congratulations to @NorthBayNews on receiving this well-deserved recognition. … The truth is the Republican tax plan will blow up the deficit while denying millions of Americans access to affordable health care. This is doing less, not more to give Americans a shot at a decent retirement. That’s just plain wrong.pic.twitter.com/Zd4j4O8BU7 Many people do not know that Black women are 243% more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth-related causes. I introduced a resolution in the Senate officially designating this week as #BlackMaternalHealthWeek. We must raise awareness & address this issue. We spoke up & reminded this Administration that public lands belong to all of us. Our voices made them pull back a proposal that would've caused entrance fees to skyrocket. This is great news, but we still have work to do to ensure everyone can access our National Parks. Today, we solemnly remember the six million Jews murdered in the Holocaust and reaffirm the eternal promise: never again. It is our moral responsibility to stand firm against bigotry and hatred in all its forms. I’m firmly against Andrew Wheeler’s nomination. We should not put a coal lobbyist second-in-command at the Environmental Protection Agency. That is absurd. I asked Trump nominee Wendy Vitter whether she promoted a brochure entitled “The Pill Kills” at a panel she moderated.   She said she was just encouraging the audience to take the brochure to their doctor to get their advice.   Video from that panel shows something different.pic.twitter.com/WFcJYQKX5L Heads up: scientists and engineers from @NASA’s next mission to Mars will be touring California this month. Seems like a great way to spend a few hours with friends or family. You can get more information here --> … Today, I questioned one of Trump’s judicial nominees, Wendy Vitter. She has a horrendous record on women's health care. She's gone after Planned Parenthood & encouraged women to discuss a brochure claiming the pill leads to "more infidelity and adultery" with their physicians.pic.twitter.com/N4iFdHfAuC It should not be hard or controversial to say "I agree with the decision made in Brown v. Board of Education."pic.twitter.com/dlew7PI13P I support the bipartisan bill introduced by my colleagues @SenThomTillis, @LindseyGraham, @CoryBooker & @ChrisCoons to ensure Special Counsel Mueller can complete his work without interference. We should vote on it immediately. Yesterday, Mark Zuckerberg admitted that Facebook made the conscious decision not to inform 87 million users that their personal information had been misused by Cambridge Analytica. That raises serious concerns about the company’s claimed commitment to transparency. I'm introducing a resolution with @SenKamalaHarris to recognize the inaugural #BlackMaternalHealthWeek to raise awareness about this issue in Congress & to press for action to address it. This week is just the beginning of an ongoing conversation with all legislators. #BMHW18 … Wishing @DoloresHuerta a very happy birthday! Thank you for your courage and your activism. Mark Zuckerberg’s failure to answer several critical questions during his appearance before the Senate today leaves me concerned about how much Facebook values trust and transparency.pic.twitter.com/adTrqDkU04 Mark Zuckerberg will appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee in just a few minutes. My team is streaming the whole hearing live on Facebook. Expect me to ask questions in the 5 o’clock hour.  … In honor of #EqualPayDay, a few infuriating facts:   On average women are paid just 80 cents for every dollar paid to a man.  Black women are paid 63 cents for every dollar.  Latinas are paid 54 cents. Trump again floated the idea of firing Mueller yesterday. Every member of Congress should be speaking up. Mueller must be allowed to do his job without any political interference. Congratulations to my friend @SenDuckworth on the birth of her baby girl, Maile Pearl! Today, @SenatorCollins and I introduced legislation to ensure we remove any red tape that prevents animals who have been rescued from cruelty by federal agents from being safely placed in a loving home as quickly as possible. We call it the HEART Act. .@SenatorLankford & I sat down with @60minutes to discuss Russia’s attack on our elections and the path forward. You can watch tonight on @CBS. TUNE IN: @SenKamalaHarris & I sat down w/ @CBS @60Minutes to discuss Russia's cyberattack of America’s election infrastructure & our bipartisan work on the Senate Intel Committee. Watch the interview Sunday.  …pic.twitter.com/c3m7otyRLI .@SenKamalaHarris on Dreamers who come to her DC office: "They truly believe that if they walk those halls and they are seen and their stories are heard, they believe it will matter. They believe in our democracy, and we've got to keep it up." #protectdreamers #dreamactnow There are whole industries being built up around people incarcerating and detaining black, brown, and poor people. We need to address that. #LBTownHall There is a direct connection between public education and public safety. #LBTownHall “I don’t believe we are divided. I believe, based on all of my personal and professional experience, that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.” - @SenKamalaHarris #LBTownHallpic.twitter.com/LvF2k4zuOy This fight is not about fighting against something. It's about fighting for something - fighting for the ideals of this country. #LBTownHall Hi everyone, Kamala's team here. We'll be live-tweeting from her town hall today in Long Beach. You can also watch a live stream of the town hall on her Facebook page. It starts in just a few minutes:  … Thanks to the folks at @SmrtGrls we'll be live-streaming from my town hall in Long Beach later today. Tune in starting at 1:30 PM PT/4:30 PM ET.  … Ellen asked me some pretty tough questions. Starting with this first one...pic.twitter.com/lwRKSo7ZzA Yesterday, I met with Stephon Clark's grandmother in Sacramento. My heart breaks over what happened to her grandson. In the face of deep, personal grief, his family members, friends & this whole community have been courageous leaders & kept this issue in the national spotlight.pic.twitter.com/8pombrKLD2 The vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. At this moment when so many are spewing division & hatred, it is important for us to remember that. It is important for us to remember that all mothers and grandmothers grieve when they lose their child. Question: Would you state unequivocally that firing Mueller would be an impeachable offense?  Answer: I can’t see how it wouldn’t be. #SacramentoTownHall All the great movements have been led by our students and our young people. So you keep leading. A reminder that you can tune in to Senator Harris’ #SacramentoTownHall live here:  … Question: Will you support legislation taking corporate money out of elections and overriding Citizen's United?  Answer: Yes.  #SacramentoTownHall There is no question that Stephon Clark's life should not have been ended. My heart breaks. #SacramentoTownHall Hi everyone, Senator Harris' team here. We’ll be live-tweeting her town hall in Sacramento. Follow along here & watch it live on her Facebook page:  … I’ll be on @TheEllenShow today! I had a lot of fun joining Ellen on the show (and meeting her mom backstage). Tune in! We will be LIVE from U.S. Senator @SenKamalaHarris ‘s Town Hall on Friday, April 6th 1:30pm PST / 4:30pm EST. Join us and watch LIVE on the @smrtgrls @facebook page!pic.twitter.com/S1VJLcsMgv The dream still lives and my dream is building bridges, not walls. #DreamStillLivespic.twitter.com/3WLc98Be67 On April 4th, 1968 at 7:05 p.m. central time, Dr. King’s life was cut tragically short. 50 years later a need for his dream to be fulfilled is far greater than ever. Share your dream & post your own #DreamStillLives video. Spread love...spread hope.pic.twitter.com/51BaCW78GC Something that’s being lost amidst the scandals: Ben Carson is setting out to change the mission of the Department of Housing and Urban Development so that it doesn’t fight housing discrimination. My prayers are with the loved ones of the four Marines who lost their lives in yesterday’s helicopter crash. … "The caged bird sings    with a fearful trill    of things unknown    but longed for still    and his tune is heard    on the distant hill    for the caged bird    sings of freedom.”   – Maya Angelou The final lines of MLK's last speech: “I may not get there with you. But I want you to know tonight, that we, as a people will get to the promised land. And I’m happy tonight, I’m not worried about anything. I’m not fearing any man. Mine eyes have seen the glory of the Lord.” We asked civil rights leaders to reflect on the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. who was murdered 50 years ago today. #CAPTalksRace #MLK50pic.twitter.com/tTsf6YoqaH Fifty years later, Dr. King continues to challenge us. Now is not the time to throw up our hands, it's the time to roll up our sleeves. #MLK50 Actively monitoring the shooting incident at YouTube in San Bruno. Grateful to law enforcement and first responders on the scene. I hope we live to achieve Dr. King's purpose, and that is true equality, which can only come through racial and economic justice.pic.twitter.com/Zfn8SIsU7U There isn’t a “left” or “right” when it comes to protecting Dreamers. There is a right and wrong. Period.    The White House made clear what side it was on a long time ago when they rescinded DACA and created this crisis. Protect our elections from Russian (and other) threats.  pic.twitter.com/R34x67v7xE Today’s decision by the EPA to weaken vehicle emissions standards is another example of the Trump Administration siding with big oil at the expense of the American people. In this country, we have a right to breathe clean air. We will keep fighting for that right. Wishing everyone renewed hope & joy this Easter Sunday, and to all the kids out there: good luck hunting for eggs! Today is #TransDayOfVisibility. To all trans Americans: you are welcome here, you belong here, and we stand with you as partners in the fight for justice. En #CesarChavezDay, reconocemos a un campeón por la justicia social y renovamos nuestro compromiso de corregir injusticias. “If you want to remember me, organize!” - César Chávez Best wishes to all celebrating Passover. Chag Sameach! No one should have to choose between receiving quality healthcare and putting food on their table, a roof over their head, or retiring with dignity. Pregnant women detained by ICE are often forced to live in poor conditions and denied adequate health care. Now, this Administration wants to detain more pregnant women as a policy. This doesn’t make our country any safer, it’s just cruel. … If we really want to help working Americans, then let’s take up causes that would actually put money into their hands, like raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and guaranteeing access to health care for everyone. There’s clearly a right and a wrong side here. One side wants to make sure the census is properly executed so that states get adequate funding and representation. The other wants to protect gerrymandering. … "How many more times does it have to? How many more people have to die? Thoughts and prayers won’t stop it, laws and actions will." From a letter I got last week: "I’m just twelve years old, but I know how to use my voice. I saw what happened in Parkland, I saw what happened in Las Vegas, I saw what happened in San Bernardino, I saw what happened in Orlando. I know it will happen again."pic.twitter.com/iMQFyd3QUx “There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.” - James Baldwin #WednesdayWisdom “I represent the African-American women who are victims of gun violence, who are simply statistics instead of vibrant, beautiful girls full of potential.” –Naomi Wadler, Age 11.pic.twitter.com/xGv67mzEU2 Looking forward to this! … The spirit of the census is that no one should go uncounted and no one should be invisible. By adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census, this Administration is threatening its accuracy. The idea of arming teachers is ridiculous, that a 2nd-grader would look up at the front of their classroom and see their teacher strapped with a gun is absolutely outrageous. Teachers want to teach. I’ll remind you that the Civil Rights Movement was in large-part led by young people in their 20’s. What I saw over the weekend reminds me of that. Young leaders leading. We cannot have a civil society without reasonable gun safety laws. We need background checks. We need an assault weapons ban. Congress needs to have the courage these young people have and act. This movement doesn’t stop today. It’s just getting started. These young people are going to change this country. #MarchForOurLives I'm marching today in Los Angeles for all the victims of gun violence and their families. Congress must act. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/vneFQooxwY We’ve had the tragedies. We have the good ideas. What we need is Congress to have the courage to act. #MarchForOurLives Fahari Jeffers got her start as a community organizer, helped found the United Domestic Workers of America, and just this week was inducted into the San Diego County Women’s hall of fame. … Tomorrow, kids and families all across this country will take to the streets and demand that Congress finally do something meaningful to address gun violence. You can find a march near you here —>  Nancy was courageous, fearless and strong. I sought her counsel often, and her advice was always wise and guided by a clear vision of what was just and in the best interests of our state. Nancy's passing is all of California's loss. She will be dearly missed. … Happy #NationalPuppyDay! Here’s Harper, our nearly one-year-old resident office pup, doing his thing.pic.twitter.com/vY2ZoHkh1E We need Medicare for All, but as long as private health care continues to exist, they should meet the standards of our public health programs. That's why I’ve signed on to @SenWarren’s legislation. … Lastly, this bill includes significant funding for states to fortify their election systems against attacks by foreign powers. While we urgently need to do more to improve our election defenses, this is a good step and the result of a bipartisan effort. And, as a proud graduate of @HowardU I’m pleased @SenDougJones & I were able to secure increased funding for HBCUs. They are critical to the foundation of our higher education system, and provide opportunities for some of the nation’s most promising & deserving students. However, today’s deal makes progress on issues I’ve fought hard for. Among them, it includes a long-term fix to ensure wildfires are funded like other disasters. This is a change @SenFeinstein and I have worked hard to make in the wake of the wildfires that devastated California. To start, this bill does not provide protections for the 700,000 Dreamers who are living in an ongoing crisis that was entirely created by the Trump Administration. Until these young people’s futures are secure, I cannot support it. I wanted to share a few thoughts on the government funding bill Congress will vote on today. In honor of #WorldPoetryDay, a poem from a brilliant young poet from California @KinsaleHueston. Some more of her work can be read here:  pic.twitter.com/23nPSqCcYw We had a lot of fun celebrating @SenDuckworth with a baby shower yesterday!pic.twitter.com/idDHIkOByf Alert: @CountyofLA announced evacuation in burn areas during #lawildfires. If you have questions about evacuation locations or shelters, call 2-1-1 for more information. @LASDHQ @LACoFDPIO @LACity @911LAPD @lapublichealth @metrolosangeles The need to act to secure our election infrastructure against attacks by foreign powers couldn’t be more urgent. Elections are upon us. States are already voting. … Happy #WorldPoetryDay. Here’s one from the great Maya Angelou.pic.twitter.com/qpFr04DRrs Leaders from Facebook and Cambridge Analytica must appear in front of Congress to take responsibility, explain how this happened, and help ensure it never happens again. I voted to end U.S. involvement in the Saudi-led air campaign in Yemen, which has killed more than 10,000 people, contributed to a humanitarian crisis, and was never authorized by Congress. We must reassert our constitutional authority to authorize war & conduct oversight. At a minimum, this president has been testing the waters to see if he could get away with firing Mueller. Every member of Congress should be speaking up. Mueller must be allowed to do his job without any political interference. California is a leader in ensuring women have accurate information about how to access health care and their legal rights. That’s why I joined @SenKamalaHarris in filing a Supreme Court amicus brief in support of California’s FACT Act. #EndtheLies We are still mourning the last school shooting, and already there are reports of another. Enough is enough. Serious storm approaching: Mandatory Evacuation Order effective at noon Tuesday for areas of extreme and high risk for debris flows. See full release at  . #SantaBarbaraCounty #Carpinteria #Montecito #SantaBarbara #Goleta #SantaMaria #ReadySBC We need to pass the Dream Act. Now. #DreamActNow We don’t for one second forget that it was the White House who created this crisis when it arbitrarily ended the DACA program. And even with clear bipartisan support to protect Dreamers from deportation, this White House has repeatedly stood in the way. I had a lot of fun with these Dreamers, but on a grave note, these DACA recipients don’t know what tomorrow will bring – except that it might require them to leave the only place they’ve ever known as home.pic.twitter.com/04qPwQq6dT Enjoyed sitting down with @VogueMagazine to share a bit about my work in the Senate. The full article is available here --> … A great read from @SenFeinstein a new question the Trump Administration is adding to the 2020 census and how it will hurt California. … REMINDER: Residents of Southern California recovering from December wildfires and January mudslides – This Monday, March 19, is the last day to register for disaster unemployment assistance. To apply please fill out the online application at   We need to have common sense gun safety laws in our country, I don’t know what we’re waiting for. We don’t need any more tragedies. Arming teachers is a terrible idea for host of reasons, but we need to have a serious conversation about what that would mean Black and Latino children in our classrooms.  I'm going to start counting. It's been 29 days since #Parkland and still no Senate debate on gun laws. ‘We don’t need any more tragedies. … We need the United States Congress to have the courage to act.’ — Kamala Harris explains why arming teachers could lead to more hurt childrenpic.twitter.com/5jhVPdeWDE REMINDER: Residents of Southern California recovering from December wildfires and January mudslides – tomorrow (March 16th) is the last day to register for federal disaster assistance. To apply please visit   We need Congress to act. #EnoughisEnoughpic.twitter.com/V0uHmLP6AQ Martin Luther King was only 26 when he helped lead the Montgomery Bus Boycott. John Lewis was 21 when he went down to Mississippi as one of the original Freedom Riders. Diane Nash was 22 when she started leading sit-ins in Nashville.   Our youth have always been our future. The movement these young people have started has the level of vitality and integrity, and the kind of honesty and commitment that will change this country. #NationalWalkoutDay I stand with these children. #NotOneMore Today, 7,000 pairs of shoes were left in front of the Capitol to represent every child that was killed by gunfire since Sandy Hook. When will Congress have the courage to act?pic.twitter.com/B2KluDg8aU A beautiful essay from @saaaranotsarah about the sacrifices our immigrant parents make. … Let me be perfectly clear: Trump’s border wall is a waste of taxpayer money. Looking forward to delivering this year’s commencement address to @UCBerkeley’s 2018 graduating class. Two weeks ago, the Supreme Court heard a case that poses a serious threat to the rights of working Americans. Last week, I wrote about it in the @MercNews. … More sad news today. My prayers are with those involved in the shootings at Yountville and Pomona. Thank you to the brave law enforcement officers and the first responders working to keep us safe. Horrified by reports of an active shooter at a Yountville veterans home. I am following reports closely. Thank you to the law enforcement officers and first responders in the scene. My thoughts are with all those involved. Looking forward to meeting young leaders and speaking to Bay Area community leaders at @ymcasf’s Y for Youth Luncheon today! #ymcasf Jeff Sessions should be advised that it's a bad idea for him to talk about anything to do with the history of slavery, reconstruction, or the civil war in the United States. His credibility is pretty much shot on those issues.pic.twitter.com/UAHuAn5GMI DEADLINE: The public comment period for the Trump Administration’s plan to open our shores to offshore oil drilling ends tomorrow. Act now and make your voice heard. Here’s the link:  … There are still countries where women who engage in the political process face not only slurs—they face rape, violence and death. Imagine being killed for trying to serve in parliament or trying to vote. We must change that. #InternationalWomensDay Globally, women are about half the population but hold only 23% of seats in national legislatures. It’s time to change that. #InternationalWomensDay We’ve got work to do. In the United States, women make up more than half of the population, but just under 20% of the United States Congress and only about 25% of state legislatures. It’s past time we changed that. This #InternationalWomensDay we need to keep speaking up on behalf of every woman’s right to be heard and realize her power. This morning, I questioned security officials before the Senate Intelligence Community about the risks that come with this Administration’s over-reliance on interim security clearances.pic.twitter.com/nNH8F3LbUL It’s clear this Administration has put a target on California’s back. The Department of Justice should be spending resources on real public safety issues, not political stunts. … This morning the Senate started the voting process on a bill that ignores the lessons of the financial crisis and deregulates big banks. I firmly oppose this bill. We can’t risk another disaster. Thank you to @Mayor_Steinberg and all the Mayors who spoke with me yesterday. … Recommended reading for those in need of inspiration. … Every single day we don’t act to protect Dreamers is a day our country is failing an important moral test. There’s a strong, bipartisan bill in the House of Representatives, the USA Act, which is co-sponsored by 27 Republicans, and could be voted on today. We must act. This Administration created a crisis by arbitrarily choosing today as the deadline to end the DACA Program, and they’ve sabotaged every effort by Congress to resolve it. Instead, it is using these young people as pawns to achieve an anti-immigrant agenda. When I think about @repjohnlewis, and all the folks who marched from Selma to Montgomery, I am always inspired by their resilience, by their strength, and by their fight for America to achieve her ideals.pic.twitter.com/FA8cfWUaeP Selma.pic.twitter.com/jK4XzTtwZg To any of us who feels daunted, or discouraged, or dispirited - if you need inspiration, I say: look to Selma. Such an honor to walk the path of the Selma to Montgomery voting rights march with my friends @SenKamalaHarris and @SenDougJones #MLKPilgrimagepic.twitter.com/SJFrIioURM It's an honor to be part of this celebration and commemoration for those who marched at Selma 53 years ago. This movement has always been about fighting for the ideals of the country we love.pic.twitter.com/5JLgZY2Pgx A throwback in honor of the Charter Day of my beloved @HowardU. I remember my first day on the Yard like it was yesterday.pic.twitter.com/RVJvjyNH8I Mandatory Evacuation Orders lifted for ALL AREAS of SB County effective at 9am today (March 2, 2018). The County’s interactive map will be updated shortly to reflect these changes. Please visit   to access the map or call 833-688-5551 for assistance. Dreamers who have received DACA in the past are still able to apply to renew their DACA status. If you are a Californian who needs help reapplying for DACA status, or if you have any questions, you can contact my office: (310) 231-4494. Racial inequality is real in this country. We need to speak that truth. Until we do, we will not be able to confront it honestly. … Mandatory Evacuation Order issued for parts of the SB Co south coast (Thomas, Sherpa & Whittier fire burn areas) due to an approaching winter storm. To determine if you reside in the mandatory evacuation area, go to the interactive evacuation zone map at  . To girls everywhere: whatever you choose to do, you must keep pushing to the front of the line. You’ve got to continue to raise your hand. Eat "no" for breakfast. When you see others in need, go out of your way to lift them up. Make history. #WomensHistoryMonth Earlier today I joined the @TJMShow for a conversation about Shirley Chisholm’s legacy. If you missed it this morning, you can listen here:  I met with a group of strong, courageous women today. Thank you to @Jordyn_Wieber, Jamie Dantzscher, and Jeanette Antolin for coming by my office.pic.twitter.com/u0RiBOcJsh .@Blavity has a great roundup with more #DrawingWhileBlack art. Take a look -> … The pieces @ChrystinGarland creates are striking – and if you dig a little deeper and check out her website you’ll find this enchanting one. #DrawingWhileBlackpic.twitter.com/jqgq0N8D0y Janet Taylor Pickett (@jtpjan) is a mixed media artist, and her creations are just stunning. #DrawingWhileBlackpic.twitter.com/cH5F5vVjWy Over the weekend, Black artists from around the world were sharing their work using the hashtag #DrawingWhileBlack. I wanted to share pieces by a couple of California artists that jumped out at me. Shirley Chisholm deserves a permanent place among other defining figures in the Capitol. Representation matters. My sister-colleague, @SenKamalaHarris, and I are going to make sure it happens. #ChisholminUSCapitol … If you live in one of the affected areas, please put your safety first and heed these evacuation recommendations. … I’ll be joining @TJMShow for a conversation this morning in just a few minutes. Listen live:   I’m cosponsoring a bicameral bill with @RepYvetteClarke to place a statue of Shirley Chisholm in our nation’s Capitol. #UnboughtandUnbossedpic.twitter.com/QYePqMSLOK My Democratic colleagues and I have a plan to save Net Neutrality, and we need just one more Republican vote for it to pass in the Senate. Today is the day make your voice heard, light up the phones, and help us get that vote. #SaveTheInternet Americans are demanding action from Congress on gun violence. We must answer that call. Here’s where we start:   Make background checks universal & ensure data is getting into the system Ban military-style assault weapons Ban bump stocks Raise the minimum age to purchase rifles Proud to be an ally of @LCVoters. American families' right to breathe clean air and drink clean water should come first. … Fifty years from now, I hope Black women crowd into the Senators-only elevator, giving every American equal voice and equal representation. And, I hope that all of our nation’s leaders demonstrate the guts, grit, and grace that Shirley Chisholm taught us. … This means Dreamers who have received DACA in the past can still apply for renewal, but this is only a temporary reprieve. This doesn’t lessen the urgent need for Congressional action to provide a permanent path to citizenship for Dreamers. #DreamActNow … Today, the Supreme Court hears oral arguments on Janus vs. AFSCME. This case is an attack on workers' rights backed by wealthy corporations. #StandWithWorkers This is progress. Whether someone stays in jail while waiting for trial should not be determined by the size of their bank account … Proud that this sensible gun safety law I defended throughout my years as California's AG will stay in place. … Seventy-six years ago today, fear, hate, and division led to the signing of Executive Order 9066 – the order for Japanese Internment. We cannot repeat these mistakes. #DayOfRemembrance Listen to her. … Sending warm wishes to everyone welcoming the Lunar New Year. May it be a happy and healthy one. Approximately 19,000 Dreamers have lost DACA status since Trump created this crisis. That’s 19,000 young people who must live in fear of deportation. After March 5, that number explodes – increasing by about 1,000 per day. Congress must act to protect them. We must protect California’s students and safeguard their access to education. If you live in California, are undocumented and seeking financial aid, visit the @castudentaid California Dream Act resource page to apply by the March 2 deadline.   This week, we celebrate a great American hero – Frederick Douglass. Born into slavery, he chose yesterday – February 14 – as his birthday. Two-hundred years later, we remember his conviction and struggle, and we recommit ourselves. There’s progress that’s yet to be made. This cannot be a political issue. We have to have smart gun safety laws - our babies are being slaughtered.pic.twitter.com/Z62eK5LkhP Another moment of silence won't suffice. This country is weary of tragedy. Congress must act to address gun violence. Finally, we arrived at June 23, 2016, when the United States Supreme Court said that those Prop 8 proponents had no standing. And, on June 28, 2013, I was back at San Francisco City Hall where I had the honor of performing the marriage of Ms. Kris Perry and Ms. Sandy Stier. In August of that year, the Supreme Court voided those marriages. But here’s the important thing – we were not deterred. We banded together, we marched in the streets, we lifted our voices and we took our case to court. I was so thrilled to be a part of that moment. I walked up the steps of City Hall and I performed marriages that Valentine’s Day. There were people of every age, of every color – joyous with the idea and with the knowledge that they could actually be recognized under law for the love that they have for each other. I remember looking around at City Hall and everywhere you looked there were families that were just full of joy. You could feel the energy. Two days before, the Mayor of San Francisco, Gavin Newsom, had begun issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples for the first time. One of my most joyous memories is of Valentine’s Day in 2004. I’d just been elected District Attorney of San Francisco. I was on my way to SFO, and I decided to stop at City Hall. Dreamers are Americans in every way but on paper. Congress must do right by them. It’s time we give them a path to citizenship. Shirley Chisholm created a path for me and for so many others. Take a moment today to read about her legacy. #UnboughtAndUnbossed … Happy Mardi Gras everybody! Thank you @RepRichmond for the delicious King Cake!pic.twitter.com/q6lFPt6aTy Congratulations @ChloeKimSnow, we’re all so proud of you! … It was nice to hear an honest answer from OMB Dir. Mulvaney in the budget hearing today. I asked if he would vote for President Trump’s budget if he were in Congress, and he said that he wouldn’t. That’s one thing we agree on! –PM The FBI Director’s answers to questions about the timeline of Porter’s background check plainly do not match the story from the White House. Who knew what, when? What we’re seeing is an Administration that sides with greedy companies that rip off consumers. … We all must take the time to truly see them. Not through a lens of partisanship or politics, not through a lens that is ideological, but to just see them based on who they are. Because I know them, and they are remarkable young people. I meet Dreamers every week. They are here walking the halls of Congress all the time. They scrape together enough for travel, take time off their jobs, and find places to stay – all because they feel like they have to be here so we see them. Their futures are in our hands. This year’s U.S. Winter Olympic Team is a reminder that our country’s strength comes from its diversity. I’m especially proud of the 22 Californians representing us this year. Good luck @TeamUSA. I can't wait to watch you bring home the gold! The allegations against Rob Porter are deeply disturbing. My Senate colleagues and I are demanding answers from the White House.  Who at the White House knew about these allegations, and when did they know? What kind of access did he have to classified information? Yesterday, the Trump Administration held the only public meeting on its plan to drill off California’s shores. They're not serious about getting public input, but we’re going to give it to them anyway. You can submit your comment on the plan here -->  … She's been holding the House floor for nearly six hours. #DreamAct … California has already been hit hard by a devastating flu season this year & it isn’t over yet. To learn more about flu prevention, locate local health service departments, and check vaccine availability, visit the @CAPublicHealth website.  … A move by President Trump to fire Bob Mueller is a red line. It has to be.pic.twitter.com/CT7pg1d4tX There isn’t a “left” or “right” when it comes to protecting Dreamers. There is a right and wrong. Period.   The White House has made clear what side it’s on, by dismissing yet another bipartisan solution proposed by Senators this morning. This is not about transparency. This is an effort to weaponize classified information for political gain and expediency. This is the White House continuing its attacks on the American intelligence community. … Denea - my guest to the State of the Union - is right. It is past time we add a human lens to the issue of immigration. … As we kick off #BlackHistoryMonth today, I wrote an open letter to all the women making Black history in @Popsugar. … The bottom line is Congressman Nunes is attempting to use classified information as a political weapon and that is dangerous. It could endanger sources and methods, and the men and women serving our country in the field. Everyone – I want you to meet my guest to tonight’s State of the Union, the fantastic @DeneaRandeen. Denea is a Californian, UCLA alumnus, aspiring law student, activist, and DACA recipient.pic.twitter.com/2TUpJUf9j9 REMINDER: Californians – tomorrow is the last day to get health insurance through the California exchanges. Tell your friends, tell your family, tell everybody you know to visit   and enroll. Last night, I voted NO on a bill before the Senate that would have imposed a nationwide 20-week abortion ban. Here’s why → … “If you have the feeling that something is wrong, don’t be afraid to speak up.” –Fred Korematsu #FredKorematsuDay From rolling back environmental protections to pushing out more than 700 public servants, Scott Pruitt is transforming the mission of the EPA from one of environmental protection to one of environmental exploitation.   It’s time we push back. Hard.  Tonight, the Senate is voting on whether to impose a 20-week abortion ban.   Women have the constitutional right to make their own decisions about their reproductive health. It shouldn't be infringed upon.  Get out your bullhorns. Everyone should be shouting about this. The federal deadline to sign up for health insurance has passed, but California’s hasn’t. Californians - you have until this Wednesday, January 31, to visit   & get insured. Today, we remember the six million Jews and the millions of other victims of the Holocaust and reaffirm the solemn promise: never again. It is all of moral responsibility to stand firm against bigotry and hatred in all its forms. Let’s lay out the facts:   Trump threw 700,000 Dreamers' lives into crisis by arbitrarily ending DACA,   GOP leadership refused to allow a vote on a bipartisan bill giving them a path to citizenship,   & now, they're using these young people as leverage.   It's downright immoral. .@CecileRichards is a true fighter. In the face of unprecedented attacks, she’s stood strong for women across America and always put the patients and doctors of @PPFA first. More women and men have access to reproductive health care because of her work. Robert Mueller must be allowed to do his job of leading this investigation. The American people are owed the truth. We must protect his independence and the rule of law. The immigration plan announced by the White House tonight is a complete nonstarter. Pitting young Dreamers against immigrant families runs counter to the values of our country. Thank you for fighting for California every day, @JerryBrownGov. I agree with you - we must continue to fight for our immigrant communities, protect our environment, and to work on the critical issues that impact Californians. It is not in the best interest of a civil society to make our local cops enforce federal immigration law, and divert their already strapped resources towards fulfilling a misguided campaign promise by President Trump. California won't be bullied by this administration’s latest attempt to create a strain on local law enforcement, threaten elected officials & jeopardize our public safety. … No state generates as much solar power as California, or has as many people whose jobs depend on it. This is an attack on California. … I support @SenSanders’ #MedicareforAll bill because it’s simply the right thing to do.pic.twitter.com/EZeAYtiPja Proud to cosponsor @SenSanders’ #MedicareForAll bill. It’s time that health care was a right in this country. Watch his town hall tonight. -> … Such wonderful news! Congratulations @SenDuckworth! … “I want freedom just as you.”pic.twitter.com/28iAUSZutI We have 17 days to reach a bipartisan agreement to protect Dreamers. We must pull together in this fight and get this done. I will keep working with my colleagues to find a long-term solution that supports members of our military, funds CHIP and community health centers, provides resources for those recovering from disasters & guarantees a future for young immigrants who are as American as all of us. The Majority Leader’s comments fell far short of the ironclad guarantee I needed to support a stopgap spending bill. I refuse to put the lives of nearly 700,000 young people in the hands of someone who has repeatedly gone back on his word. We should do this immediately. … The House bill has been rejected with bipartisan opposition. Time for a deal that solves the issues the vast majority of Americans support - funding the government, reauthorizing CHIP & protecting Dreamers. I am certain a bipartisan agreement can be made to fund the government and protect Dreamers. The only thing standing in the way is the chaos out of the White House and partisanship of Republican leaders in Congress. A quick reminder about why this chaos is happening.pic.twitter.com/hLTqmmamoO Let’s be perfectly clear: we must find a bipartisan agreement to fund the government, protect Dreamers, fund CHIP and community health centers. The White House and Republicans need to come to the table. This fundamentally undermines the Department of Health and Human Services' mission to “enhance the health and well-being of Americans by providing for effective health and human services.” All Americans deserve health care, regardless of gender identity.  …? These young people are my inspiration. I’m fighting with them and I’m fighting for them. #DACApic.twitter.com/OChrTU1qQK I voted NO on the reauthorization of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. I believe in empowering the Intelligence Community with the tools to keep our country safe, but this bill neglects to adequately protect the privacy rights of the American people. It’s a false choice to say we can’t fund the government, protect Dreamers, and reauthorize CHIP. We can and should do all three. What’s preventing us from a bipartisan agreement is the White House. The Senate Judiciary Committee is about to vote on more than 20 of Trump's judicial nominees - among them is Thomas Farr. He shouldn't receive a lifetime appointment. Throughout his career - over and over - he has worked to restrict the right to vote. A Local Assistance Center is NOW OPEN in #SantaBarbara to provide resources to residents impacted by the #CAwildfires &  #MontecitoMudslide.  pic.twitter.com/TLIFAc83b1 All students deserve the opportunity to learn in a safe environment that allows them to thrive. Despite the actions of this Administration, I want all LGBTQ youth to know that you are worthy. You belong. You are not alone. … This Administration is launching an attack on legal, family-based immigration to this country. That’s what they’re really talking about they use the term “chain migration.” This is about family reunification - parents, brothers and sisters, and children. #NoFamilyBan As California's former Attorney General, I’ve seen firsthand how illegal price gouging and fraud can target Californians. In the wake of the recent natural disasters, I urge all Californians to report fraud or price gouging to   or 800-952-5225. We need just one more vote in the Senate. This is a winnable fight. #NetNeutrality … At her confirmation hearing, Trump DHS Secretary Nielsen said she would issue guidance that DACA recipients are NOT enforcement priorities. Under questioning from @SenKamalaHarris today, Nielsen acknowledged she has not issued written guidance.pic.twitter.com/5Cooom0O7V Clearly I had the best time marching in the Kingdom Day Parade yesterday with orgs like @TimesUpNow, @CalEndow and my AKA sorors in LA. #LivetheDream … Diverse as we are, we have so much more in common than what separates us. This is a moment to remember that, to fight for that, to celebrate that, and to march on. This fight is especially important now, in this moment when there are so-called leaders who are really sewing hate and division. And, I feel strongly that the spirit of Dr. King’s leadership and legacy is about remembering that we are all in it together. I’ve recently been reading some of Dr. King’s speeches for inspiration, and really to remind myself that part of what makes us great as a country is the people who fight for the best of who we are. Proud to have introduced a Senate Resolution in recognition of Korean American Day. To the Korean American community who contribute to the strength & diversity of our country, 정말 감사합니다. Every day 122 Dreamers are losing status. This is a crisis. We cannot wait a single day longer.pic.twitter.com/ajxsTKw7AY Tonight, I’ll join @Maddow to talk about the fight for Dreamers & the President’s disgraceful comments disparaging immigrants. Tonight! Senator Kamala Harris is Rachel Maddow's guest - 9pm ET on MSNBC!pic.twitter.com/YLHTdY8886 If you're in Los Angeles on Monday, stop by the 33rd Annual Kingdom Day Parade. Our very own @SenKamalaHarris will be this year's grand marshal. The Kingdom Day Parade is always a terrific event!   “With TPS. ending, our family has to think seriously about what will happen if my parents are sent back to El Salvador. My No. 1 concern is my parents’ survival.” … Unless you're Native American or your ancestors were kidnapped and brought over on slave ships, everyone in this country has an immigrant background. We are a nation of immigrants. Immigrants from countries across the globe - including and especially those from Haiti and all parts of Africa - have helped build this country. They should be welcomed and celebrated, not demeaned and insulted. Proud of these girls. Remember, you are young, you are gifted, you are special. #GirlsBuildLA … We have to call these actions what they are: an attempt to remake the demographics of our country by cracking down on immigrants. I’m disappointed, but not surprised, by this Administration’s decision. Since taking office, Trump has revoked TPS for nearly 250,000 people from Haiti, El Salvador, Nicaragua, and Sudan. The Trump Administration has made the inhumane choice and ended TPS status for about 200,000 Salvadorans, ignoring the violence and instability that continues to plague El Salvador, This hasn’t been a partisan issue – it’s been a humanitarian issue. Regardless of who was in office, Democrat or Republican, this form of humanitarian relief was extended. That changed this week. And, for nearly two decades now, Salvadorans with TPS have legally lived, worked and raised children - many of whom are citizens - in the United States. In 2001, President George W. Bush granted Temporary Protected Status to Salvadorans living here because it was the right thing to do. El Salvador was recovering from devastating earthquakes and these people couldn’t safely go back there. California – just like Florida – doesn’t want drilling off our shores. It is clear this Administration is being unfairly selective.  Laura deserves the future she has worked so hard toward. If Congress fails to pass the Dream Act, her American dream will be ripped away. #DreamActNowpic.twitter.com/BOviTBxviG MLK Day is just around the corner! Join us on the 15th for the annual Kingdom Day Parade and on the 20th for our annual MLK Day Breakfast, featuring @SenKamalaHarris, @faithevans, and @vanitaguptaCR! #1uMLK  … Everyone in Santa Barbara, Ventura, and LA counties should continue to heed evacuation orders. For information about the evacuation areas, update on the storm effects, and to coordinate transportation assistance visit:   Republican leadership in Congress won't hold a vote to fund CHIP, a health insurance program that helps 9 million children, including 1.3 million in California. Funding for this program expired over 100 days ago & time is running out.  This matters. These kids matter.   #SaveCHIP Dreamers - like the young people I met with today - are here in the halls of the Senate every single day. Why? Because they simply want to be able to continue to live safely in the country they call home. #DreamActNowpic.twitter.com/3pujwG26xf I’m devastated to hear that more lives have been lost in the mudslides. My thoughts are with their families today.  .@SenFeinstein is a person of principle and integrity. When she makes decisions they are based on what she believes is in the best interest of this country. Attempting to intimidate her will not stop her from speaking truth to power. Further evidence that the Trump Administration’s decision to pull the rug out from under these young people by ending DACA was not only immoral, but illegal. … Horrible news for communities that have already suffered so much. It’s heartbreaking. Thank you to the firefighters and first responders who are working tirelessly in the face of these disasters. … Another great part of joining the Senate Judiciary Committee is the opportunity to work more with @CoryBooker on the issues that I know are so important to both of us.pic.twitter.com/vK1WjZHKDM Thrilled to share that I've been appointed to the Senate Judiciary Committee. You have my commitment that I will fight for justice on behalf of Californians and all Americans. This Administration should stop treating Dreamers like a bargaining chip. They are human beings and what’s at stake for them is life as they know it. Everyone should feel the gravity of this. #DreamActNow Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for meeting with @jstreetdotorg today to discuss importance of preserving the prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.pic.twitter.com/hV8q64nJiq This Administration should stop treating Dreamers like a bargaining chip. They are human beings and what’s at stake for them is life as they know it. Everyone should feel the gravity of this. #DreamActNow Estas son personas trabajadoras que han construido vidas en los Estados Unidos después de huir de la devastación. 49,000 de ellos son californianos. Esta decisión es errónea e ignora completamente nuestros valores. … These are people who rebuilt their lives in the U.S. after fleeing an earthquake over a decade ago. They have kids, jobs, and homes here. The Trump Administration abruptly deciding they can’t live here anymore is callous and frankly not a smart approach to immigration policy. … Are we the kind of country that targets young people who were brought here as kids – people who are American in every way but on paper? I believe we aren’t, but time is running out for us to prove it. Congress must act to pass the Dream Act now. California needs federal support in dealing with transnational criminal organizations. What we don’t need is Jeff Sessions going after grandma’s medicinal marijuana. Update: last night, the @FCC formally issued its final rule to gut #NetNeutrality, but we’re not done fighting back. Democrats in Congress are rallying to reverse the rule change and protect the free and open internet. I am honored to serve as this year’s Kingdom Day Parade Grand Marshal. Join me on January 15th! … Offshore drilling has been shown to release harmful chemicals into the ocean and disturb marine habitats. This is another example of this Administration endangering public health and the environment to line the pockets of industry. … Instead of wasting money on failed policies like the “War on Drugs,” the Department of Justice should be directing federal resources toward working with local law enforcement to clamp down on transnational criminal organizations and the trafficking of guns and human beings. Trump is preparing to auction off almost all of our country’s coastal waters to oil & gas companies for drilling. This is a recipe for disaster with the potential to devastate the economies of coastal cities and towns. Jeff Sessions should drop his agenda to re-escalate the complete failure that was the “War on Drugs” and leave California alone. … Why won’t Republican leaders make the 9 million children who depend on the Children’s Health Insurance Program a priority? Congress was supposed to reauthorize funding for this program months ago. We are failing these kids. Welcome to the United States Senate, Senator Doug Jones and @SenTinaSmith! “There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.” – James Baldwin One of my favorite stories out of 2017: these girls had never coded, or soldered, or sewed before, but together they invented that solar-powered tent that folds up into a backpack. Their hashtag says it all: #WeGetItDone. … In 2018, let’s resolve to speak the truths we have been reminded of too often over the last year. Racism is real in this country. Sexism, homophobia, and anti-Semitism are real in this country. Unless we speak that truth, we will not confront it honestly. Reminder: more than 13,000 Dreamers have lost their DACA status since September and are now vulnerable to deportation. Congress must prioritize the Dream Act in January. #DreamActNow A top priority for the new year needs to be passing the Secure Elections Act. We must fortify our election systems before the 2018 elections. This is urgent. REMINDER: now is a great time to sign up for health insurance on the California exchanges. Visit   and find an insurance plan that works for you. Something you may have missed: an unqualified Trump EPA nominee’s actions “probably allowed drinking water with increased cancer risk to remain untreated.” … Deeply saddened of the tragic loss of CHP Officer and hero Andrew Camilleri. Please join me in keeping his family and loved ones in your prayers. … “We have to confront ourselves. Do we like what we see in the mirror? And, according to our light, according to our understanding, according to our courage, we will have to say yea or nay – and rise!” – Maya Angelou #WednesdayWisdom Once they start drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, the area may never bounce back. There are no do-overs. … Happy Kwanzaa to all who are celebrating! May your life be filled with community and joy. Thinking about all of our brave service-members this Christmas. I know it is so difficult to be away from your loved-ones this time of year. You make our nation proud and we are grateful for the sacrifices you and your families make to keep us safe. Sharing time with people I love. I hope you are too. Merry Christmas! This Christmas Eve, my heart aches for the families who lost everything in the devastating fires that tore across California this year. I also want to say how grateful I am to the firefighters who are hard at work fighting these fires right now. Thank you for keeping us safe.pic.twitter.com/pdkq2uF62H I’ve been getting so many beautiful holiday cards from California this week. Thank you for sending – they’ve been a bright spot in a challenging week.pic.twitter.com/v9r1dXEWVt We have a duty to the American people to uncover unlawful behavior by Wall Street and hold violators accountable. … Make no mistake, the tax vote this week was a health care vote. I've said it before and I'll say it again: if you voted for people to lose their health insurance, you should lose your job. Californians - it isn't too late to sign up for health insurance on the California exchanges. The deadline is January 31. Visit   to find a plan and enroll. A bittersweet story about recovery & community in the aftermath of the Tubbs fire. Glad my office could play a part by securing a same-day issue passport for the Pascoes. If you need help replacing a passport lost in the wildfires contact my office.  Without question, Russia interfered in the 2016 election. We must act immediately to defend the next election from foreign attacks. Yesterday, I introduced the Secure Elections Act. … It's moments like these that we have to look in the mirror and ask, who are we as a country? Are we the kind of country that has a government program that intentionally targets families, and separates children from their parents?  Last night, I voted no on the stopgap government spending bill because I can't justify leaving for the holidays while hundreds of thousands of Dreamers live in uncertainty and fear. This holiday season, I’m thankful for California.pic.twitter.com/PnP5N7sXUU “I was 9 when my parents told me I was undocumented. With DACA ending, I have no idea what's next.” … This Republican Congress just said loud and clear that Dreamers, children, and families devastated by wildfires can wait - but tax cuts for corporations can't. I don't accept that. A clear lesson of the 2016 election is that we need to fortify our election systems against foreign attacks. This isn't a partisan issue - @amyklobuchar @SenLankford @SenatorCollins @LindseyGrahamSC @MartinHeinrich & I have joined together to introduce the Secure Elections Act. A letter signed by more than 200 women working in national security called attention to an urgent problem. Now, we’re asking the Director of National Intelligence to present a plan to address sexual harassment & violence in the Intelligence Community.  How do Americans feel about the tax bill Republicans passed yesterday? I’ll let the numbers speak for themselves.  Since the tax bill was introduced, I’ve gotten 122,981 letters about it:  97.6% opposed it  2.4% supported it .@SenKamalaHarris and I today called on President Trump to declare the Southern California wildfires a major disaster and make federal assistance available to wildfire victims.pic.twitter.com/nw4HEZIqJD ICYMI: I wrote about why it is imperative that we pass the DREAM Act before the new year in @ELLEMagazine #DreamActNow … Russia attacked the very heart of our democracy when they interfered in the 2016 election. With 2018 just around the corner, they will be back. We must act now. Today, I’m introducing the Secure Elections Act, a bill that will fortify our election systems. Every single day that we don't pass the Dream Act, is another day these young people have to live in fear. Congress must pass the DREAM Act now. #DreamActNow … If we really want to help working Americans, then let’s take up causes that would actually put money into their hands, like raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and guaranteeing access to health care for everyone. While millions of Americans are only one trip to the emergency room away from bankruptcy, Republicans just voted to eliminate the individual mandate & leave 13 million more Americans uninsured over the next decade. The tax plan approved by Republicans in the House and Senate today is a gift to corporations and the top 1% at the expense of middle-class families. Americans deserve better. Dreamers are always welcome in my office - especially the hundreds of young people who are here at the Capitol right now, fighting to be able to stay in our country. My door is always open. #DreamActNowpic.twitter.com/pTz4BgeA9A A vote for the Republican tax bill is a vote for:  -Tax cuts for corporations at the expense of middle-class families  -13 million more uninsured Americans  -Increasing the deficit by $1 trillion As far as I’m concerned, we need to pass the DREAM Act before the end of the year. Not in January. Not February. Not March. Now. #DreamActNow In the fight to pass the #DreamActNow, @SenKamalaHarris has this to say: “Each day matters.”pic.twitter.com/P4t8rrD80b Here’s my suggestion: let’s slow down this process go back to the drawing board on this tax bill. Instead of giving corporations a big tax cut, let’s give the middle class a real tax cut. It’s that simple. One week since @GDouglasJones was duly elected Sen of Alabama and we are still waiting for him to be seated. Voting on the tax bill without him in the Senate is silencing every Alabamian who elected him. @SenateMajLdr the American people have decided. … Why would the Environmental Protection Agency need the services of a Republican PR firm, to the tune of $120,000? @SenWhitehouse and I pressed Pruitt on it today. He clearly didn’t have a good answer. … My Republican colleagues have cobbled their tax bill together behind closed doors, with no attempts at bipartisanship. Now, they are trying to rush this bill through today before Alabama Senator-elect Doug Jones is sworn into office. If you worry about burdening your children with debt, let’s be clear, the Republican tax bill would increase the deficit by more than $1 trillion. Hundreds of thousands of young people in this country are living in utter fear. We can’t force them to wait any longer. We must pass the DREAM Act, now. #DreamActNowpic.twitter.com/DC9Mx9wKqa According to @amprog more than 12,600 Dreamers have lost DACA status since September. Another 122 lose status every day we that don’t act. We must pass the Dream Act, now. Under the Republican tax plan, families can’t fully deduct their state and local taxes, but corporations can. Doesn’t strike me as a good deal for the middle class. Awful news. Praying for all those involved and their families. Thank you to the first responders on the scene. … “There is no noise as powerful as the sound of the marching feet of a determined people.” – MLK Jr. #MondayMotivation California has been affected by some of the worst wildfires to record. If your home has been impacted by the October wildfires, stay up to date on the progress of fire debris removal in your community by visiting this online tracking tool:  . Good. Access to affordable contraceptives is a basic and essential part of health care for women.  These girls eat the word “no” for breakfast. #GirlsBuildLApic.twitter.com/PRxyIv4SSs Really looking forward getting home to California to spend time with the 10,000 young inventors, creators, builders & leaders who will be at the Girls Build Leadership Summit tomorrow. … Deeply saddened to learn a firefighter was killed today while battling the Thomas Fire. These brave men and women are running towards danger to keep others safe. Please join me in keeping their family and loved ones in your prayers. Good. It’s not too much to ask that the person appointed to this position is committed to preventing children & families from being exposed to dangerous chemicals. … Five years ago, 26 lives were extinguished in a matter of moments at Sandy Hook Elementary School. I took some time this morning to share my reflections on Sandy Hook, five years later. I hope you'll take a moment to read them today. … The minute these companies attempt to engage in practices to tilt the internet to favor certain content, they need to be met with swift & forceful public outcry. There’s only one thing stopping broadband providers from engaging in anti-competitive practices that are bad for consumers and bad for small businesses: you. You have my promise that I’ll do what I can here, but I need you all to keep up the drumbeat on this. Now, broadband companies have the legal power, technical capability, and business incentive to block content from competitors and slow video-streaming services from rivals. The @FCC just repealed #NetNeutrality rules in a party-line vote, handing a big win to multi-billion-dollar broadband companies. Si usted es un residente afectado por los incendios en el sur de California y necesita ayuda para recuperarse de los incendios, los Centros de Asistencia Local ya están abiertos. Aquí hay una lista de los Centros de Asistencia Local.pic.twitter.com/Ns0bRZFz4B If you are a resident affected by the Southern California fires and need help with recovery, Local Assistance Centers are now open. Here is a list:pic.twitter.com/IB1PP9Fvc0 Let’s pass the Dream Act. Now.pic.twitter.com/qaTGcSgr9U The fight is still on. We’re concerned that my Republican colleagues will attempt to force through this deeply unpopular tax bill before seating Senator-elect Doug Jones. We need everyone to make their voice heard on this. The fight for #NetNeutrality is about protecting a competitive online marketplace, where the next great idea can come from anyone, anywhere. … This. … Doug Jones should be seated without delay. The people of Alabama have a right to be represented by the person they elected in this tax debate. “The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.” #WednesdayWisdom Hag sameach to everyone celebrating Hanukkah. May your holiday be filled with light and laughter. Yet another estimate shows the Republican tax bill will add around $1 trillion to the deficit over the next decade - leaving the next generation to pay for tax cuts for corporations and the 1%. … Republicans are finalizing a tax bill that eliminates tax relief for families who lost their businesses and homes in these fires. … You cannot silence me or the millions of women who have gotten off the sidelines to speak out about the unfitness and shame you have brought to the Oval Office. … This is a sad day for San Francisco and anyone who knew my friend, Mayor Ed Lee. No matter the issue, you could count on Mayor Lee to show up—probably in his unassuming Chevy Volt—and fight for his city. My thoughts are with Mayor Lee’s family at this difficult time.pic.twitter.com/ALcnAGqna8 Millions of Americans have spoken out in defense of net neutrality. Here’s why this issue is so important. … One thing I’m certain of: New Yorkers will not be intimidated. Thankful for the quick response by the NYPD this morning. I’m wishing those injured a full recovery. … #LilacFire en el norte del condado de San Diego ha quemado 4100 hectáreas con 0% de contención. Regístrese para recibir alertas en  . … #LilacFire in north San Diego County has burned 4,100 acres with 0% containment. For more information, updates and available shelters -->   … As fires continue to blaze across Southern California, please take every precaution to stay safe and be prepared to evacuate. … My message for the dedicated individuals who work at the FBI:pic.twitter.com/cQgIeWARYP Emergency shelters are open throughout the city for Angelenos who have to evacuate due to #LAFires.   #SkirballFire info →   #CreekFire info →  pic.twitter.com/HrT3wY4NUq I urge anyone affected by the #SoCalFires to please register with   to let family and friends know you’re safe. Current *Evacuation* Maps for the two active #wildfires within the City of #LosAngeles:  #CreekFire:   #SkirballFire:    We are regretfully unable to offer precise fire perimeter maps at this time. ^BH UPDATE: #SkirballFire has burned 150 acres with 0% containment. Here is a list of Rec Centers open for shelter.pic.twitter.com/4ZEPVen1lJ ¿Necesita información sobre el estado de #CreekFire #RyeFire #SkirballFire? 2-1-1 LA County es la línea directa de desastres del condado. Información oficial sobre áreas de evacuación, refugios, cierres, así como otros recursos @211LACounty @LACOOEM @LACOConsumidor Need any information on the status of #CreekFire #RyeFire #SkirballFire? @211LACounty is the County's Disaster Hotline. Official information on evacuation areas, shelters, closures, as well as other resources. @LACOOEM Fighting for the Dream Act is about fighting for the ideals of this country we love. It is about fighting for the best of who we are.pic.twitter.com/moo2GQ0j1L Sexual harassment and misconduct should not be allowed by anyone and should not occur anywhere. I believe the best thing for Senator Franken to do is step down. As the wildfires in Southern California continue to spread, I urge everyone under evacuation orders to heed those orders. Here's a list of evacuation centers.pic.twitter.com/q3JKCYa6fv I voted NO on the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Here’s my full statement.pic.twitter.com/jTRcFbcYii We need to pass the Dream Act. Now. Not months from now, right now. I’m headed to the Senate floor to talk about why. Watch live ->  … #Wildfires are threatening Southern California once again. We urge you to follow these safety tips. To find available shelters, visit:  pic.twitter.com/33akQC4lQ4 Residents of Santa Paula and Ventura should heed evacuation notices for the Thomas Fire. Follow @Cal_Fire for updates. Thankful for our firefighters and first responders who continue to battle the blaze. Stay safe everyone. These public lands belong to all Americans. Opening them up to mining and drilling against the will of the people is unacceptable. #MonumentsforAll … Something we need to be talking about that has barely been discussed: funding for community health centers expired at the end of September. We need to reauthorize it now. It's critically important that Bob Mueller be left to do the job of leading this investigation so the American people can know the truth of what happened. We must be prepared to protect it and the rule of law. … The tax plan approved tonight by my Republican colleagues is shameful. This is a victory for corporations and the top 1% of Americans, not teachers, not seniors, and certainly not the middle class. Something that has been quietly slipped into the Republican tax plan: a provision that lets oil and gas companies drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. This is an attack on pristine lands that belong to the American people. The Republican Senators who just voted against our amendment showed they’re willing to add an estimated $1 trillion to the deficit to rush through tax cuts for the top 1% and corporations. UPDATE: I introduced an amendment with @SenBillNelson to force the Republican tax bill to go back to committee and be re-written in a way that gives tax cuts to the middle class without adding to the federal deficit. Every single Republican Senator voted against it. 62 years ago today, Rosa Parks stood up for what is right, what is fair, and what is just, by sitting down on a Montgomery city bus and refusing to give up her seat to a white passenger. Her actions took raw courage and helped ignite a movement. #goodtroublepic.twitter.com/iMHemdVzzB UPDATE: We still haven’t seen the text of the tax bill Republicans are scrambling to rewrite in secret. I’d imagine some Republican Senators haven’t either. Our constituents didn’t send us here to govern this way. The Republicans had to delay votes on this tax bill until tomorrow. They're rewriting it right now and we don't even know what's in it. This is no way to govern. We need you to keep up the pressure & keep up the calls. 