Glad to have you back home in Warren, @GM @Cadillac! Great news! … The harvest moon will be rising this week – such a beautiful symbol of Fall and good harvests! … The new study on the impact of #GLRI released by @glcommission @councilGL_Ind @A4GL @GLMetroChambers @michiganogl @NWFGreatLakes shows what we already know – protecting & restoring our #GreatLakes is a boost for our economy & supports thousands of MI job! … Soon this outrageous practice will be banned once and for all!  … Great news – today my bipartisan legislation to eliminate gag clauses and let pharmacists have the ability to tell their patients if they can pay a lower price for the medicine they need is heading to the President’s desk. Excited to see @MSU_Football #Spartans bounce back against Indiana this weekend! #GoGreen Good Luck to @UMichFootball Michigan Wolverines against Nebraska as B1G play starts today in Ann Arbor! Four big wins for four of our communities in Michigan – these grants will help expand mental health services and help our families affected by mental illness. … .@SenStabenow says the funding will help ease the burden on local law enforcement, which has been overwhelmed with mental health calls. … We need an agreement to get road construction moving and workers back on the job. … For those wanting proof that Michigan gets lots of sun: … Congratulations to @UMich grad Darren Criss on your Emmy win – Michigan is proud of your amazing accomplishment! … Wishing all our Jewish friends a blessed Yom Kippur! Hope everyone has a meaningful fast. Looks like Fall has already made its way to Michigan’s beautiful Upper Peninsula! … Great to welcome Honor Flight veterans from the UP to DC – forever grateful for your service!pic.twitter.com/9sj8mHfzK4 This defense bill will also make continued investments in our troops – including the largest troop pay raise in nearly a decade! More big wins for Michigan! Today, we passed the defense funding bill securing an additional $10 mil for @CDCgov study & assessment of PFAS contamination & added $91 mil for Army combat vehicle research that will support the important work done by TARDEC at the Detroit Arsenal. Deepest thank you to all the personnel from the @MINationalGuard and across the country who came together to help with lifesaving and life sustaining efforts in the recovery from Tropical Depression Florence. … Pleased the Senate just passed bipartisan legislation to help address the opioid epidemic and support our families in Michigan dealing with substance abuse. Patients should have the right to know if they can save money by paying cash out-of-pocket rather than using their insurance and their pharmacists should have the right to tell them. Last week, the Senate passed my Know the Lowest Price Act for patients under Medicare. Today, I’m glad we passed the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act which I cosponsored w/ @SenatorCollins and Senator @ClaireCMC for patients with private health insurance. We are getting so much closer to prohibiting the outrageous use of pharmacy gag clauses preventing customers’ right to know the lowest price for the medication they need. Thanks Henrik Zetterberg for all you’ve done leading our @DetroitRedWings – wishing you a very happy retirement! … Good Luck to our @UMichFootball Wolverines as they take on the SMU Mustangs this weekend! While some think selling medications at the highest price is a ‘moral requirement to make money when you can’ – I think it’s a moral requirement to save lives by making sure families can afford the medication they need. Simply outrageous! … This year marks the 10th anniversary for Grand Rapids’ Art Prize – So wonderful that we can host such a unique event in Michigan featuring artists from around the world! … Today the House passed my bipartisan bill that authorizes the nearly $1 billion needed to fund the modernization of the Soo Locks, and not a moment too soon. The Locks are vital to commerce in MI and our nat'l defense. This is a significant step toward finally getting this done! In case you missed it, the Senate passed a bipartisan #FarmBill that got 86 votes – the most ever. I’m not letting politics distract me from working across the aisle to finalize a good bill that will deliver certainty for farmers and families in Michigan and across the country. Last night, the Senate passed a budget bill that includes key wins I secured for Michigan:pic.twitter.com/XHh42Oe5pT Great to be with my colleague @SenGaryPeters and the many great community leaders for the Congressional Black Caucus breakfast!pic.twitter.com/aytcB0jhpl Sen. Stabenow promotes plan to keep federal contract work in U.S.  The bravery and sacrifice of the first responders and the lives of the thousands of Americans we lost on 9/11 will always be remembered. So pleased to partner with @SenatorBaldwin on our Made in America Act which creates opportunities for Michigan businesses and workers. My Buy American Agenda closes these loopholes and holds the federal government accountable. Today, I released a new report that shows $92 billion in government contracts went to foreign companies because of loopholes in our Buy American laws.  … It really is basic – banning gag clauses that prohibit pharmacists from telling their customers the lowest prices at the counter is only fair. … This Republican-supported lawsuit to gut insurance coverage for those with pre-existing conditions is outrageous and can have life or death consequences. … 50% of people in Michigan have some kind of pre-existing medical condition – now they could be at risk of losing their coverage based on the outcome of #TexasVUnitedStates. I truly enjoyed visiting small businesses in Owosso and Chesaning last week – great to see such motivated and hard-working communities!  … Back to school and back to football for @UofMichFootball this week! Good luck against Notre Dame! #GoBlue! Best of luck to our @MSU_Football #Spartans as they take on Utah State in tonight’s opener! Looking forward to a great season! #Chesaning Creative Passions Retreat Center is beautiful and so unique! Like to do crafts and relax at the same time? Laura has created the place! Way to go!pic.twitter.com/MXvuiqlrZ7 Awesome pizza at #Chesaning Pintown Pizza & Lanes. Thanks for all of your hard work Jim and Jon!pic.twitter.com/uNjKCpVkYv Ace is the place! Thanks for the visit Joe! #chesaningpic.twitter.com/zee7yaY79B Continued my small business tour at Rehmann & Sons Clothing in Chesaning. 99 years of quality service. Thanks for the great visit!pic.twitter.com/01Iz6pGWPr Had a great time visiting The Armory, in Owosso. This 103-year-old building is now a one-stop shop for businesses & the community! Great work!pic.twitter.com/TPN1r9WHqE Senator McCain’s passion and dedication to our country truly symbolized what public service is all about. I’ll always remember him as a brave and caring friend. … Exciting announcement in Lansing! New grocery store, new hotel, great leadership! Thanks Mayor @andyschor & Pat Gillespie!pic.twitter.com/NcJZHaxzMB So proud of Adrian Walker as he starts his new role as the Director of Community and Government Affairs of the @FlintandGenesee CC! He’ll always be a part of Team Stabenow! … I’m extremely disappointed by the President’s decision to deny the State of Michigan’s appeal for FEMA Individual Assistance for those affected by the severe flooding in Houghton & the UP. I’m committed to continuing to advocate for more resources for these families & homeowners. People across Michigan are living with incredible uncertainty about the impact of PFAS chemicals on their health & wellbeing. Pleased to partner with @MarcoRubio @SenatorRounds @SenGaryPeters & others to introduce new bills that address PFAS contamination … John McCain was a true American hero. He served our country bravely on the battlefield and in public service. His independent spirit and his dedication to doing what is right will be greatly missed. My prayers are with Cindy and the McCain family during this very difficult time. Pleased to partner with @marcorubio on legislation to hold federal agencies accountable for addressing PFAS contamination at military bases across the country. Deeply sad news. Praying for John and his family. … On August 17, 2018, a flag was flown at my request over the United States Capitol in honor of Aretha Franklin. Her voice and her soul were truly larger than life. She will never be forgotten.pic.twitter.com/DbzS8kH9wN Voted today for the Department of Defense appropriations bill which continues our strong investment in our national defense and gives our service members a much deserved pay raise! Great news that it passed the Senate. Truly honored to introduce legislation awarding the legend, @ArethaFranklin, with the Congressional Gold Medal. Her countless contributions to art and history will stay with us forever. @SenGaryPeters @RepLawrence … Firefighters risk their lives every day to keep us safe and we have an obligation to keep them safe too. That’s why I strongly supported the successful creation of a first-of-its kind Firefighter Cancer Registry to monitor & study the cancer risks faced by firefighters.pic.twitter.com/YYA1Xujc8M Today at 3pm @SenateDems will hold a hearing with Americans who have been hurt by the high cost of prescription drugs. Tune in to hear their stories: … Happy Eid Al-Adha to all of our Muslim friends! Wishing everyone a beautiful and joyous celebration. The impact @ArethaFranklin made on Detroit and the whole world will never be forgotten. Sending my deepest condolences and prayers to the loved ones of one of the most gifted artists of our generation. Today at 10am, @SenateDems are holding a hearing with Americans with pre-existing conditions who would be hurt by Republican efforts to take away their health coverage. Tune in here to watch the witnesses tell their stories: … This is very sad news. My thoughts are with Sergeant Lee Smith’s family and the Wayne County Sheriff’s office during this difficult time. … Great time at the 20th annual Cheeseburger Festival in Caseville! TY to the Chamber & Mayor for showing me around & congrats to Carl and Emily at MQS Pizza Express for being crowned 2018 best cheeseburger!pic.twitter.com/U5f2iSmIEc Appreciate being hosted by Cooperative Elevator to talk with their members and other farmers in the Thumb about the Farm Bill and trade.pic.twitter.com/WiPPGT5aa2 Can’t believe it’s been 10 years since we cut the ribbon to open the Alpena VA outpatient clinic!pic.twitter.com/S006SE3BQP Thanks to everyone at the Bad Axe VA Outpatient Clinic for their wonderful work. We were able to open this clinic in 2010, and our veterans have been able to get the primary care, lab work, mental health services, and physical therapy they need closer to home!pic.twitter.com/AOe8Ec5t7V Great to be back at Alpena CRTC during Exercise Northern Strike! Alpena plays a key role in military combat readiness & first responder training. Proud of our @minationalguard for hosting 1,500 servicemembers & 9 countries & 23 states in Northern MI!pic.twitter.com/i6iPJGFl7H Great to hear from Michael Hyacinthe and others this morning in Kentwood! Michael is a U.S. Navy veteran and entrepreneur. I’m glad to have him as my partner as we work on easing the burden of veterans who transition back to civilian life.pic.twitter.com/BFgLU89wnX Thank you, Chaz and all our participants, for sharing your stories today! I met Chaz at my veterans roundtable in Swartz Creek earlier this year and his feedback helped me write my new bills to help student veterans transition back into civilian life!pic.twitter.com/YhjYofCqDt A new dairy processing plant is coming to St. Johns, bringing hundreds of jobs and new opportunities for our dairy farmers! This new facility, along with the recent improvements I made in the #FarmBill will keep Michigan’s economy strong and growing.  … Thank you, John Wuerth, for your service and for sharing your experiences so we can better partner to help Michigan veterans!pic.twitter.com/EpjbHVFukO Read more here!  … My new legislation and actions would improve services for our veterans in four important areas:   transition assistance  housing for student veterans  health care  support for farmer veterans I was so honored to be back at Berkley American Legion Stanley J. Fons Post 374 today announcing actions to improve care and services for our veterans as a result of those meetings!pic.twitter.com/r0Zk89qM29 This past year, I’ve met with veteran leaders and service providers at 13 roundtables in Michigan to hear firsthand how these and other services are working. Great tour of @youngbloodvines in Macomb! Jessica and her family have an exciting vision. Can’t wait to taste their homegrown Michigan wines!pic.twitter.com/Hx7dNvJTKf Always great to be back at Blake’s Orchard in Armada. Checking out the latest $2 million expansion of @Blakeshardcider!pic.twitter.com/9AeYoehdyJ Congratulations to Kean’s- the oldest business in @MasonMichigan- for celebrating 90 years!pic.twitter.com/pcyPSA7vxj Stopped into @maplestreetmall to check out all of the vendors selling a wonderful collection of antiques and hand-crafted goods! Thanks Deb and Doug!pic.twitter.com/R057zBCjCh Continuing my small business tour in @MasonMichigan. Book lovers - and coffee drinkers - need to check out Jamie Robinson’s Bestsellers !pic.twitter.com/yFZqzPWtnk Great to be at my old stomping grounds- the @InghamCoFair - to honor our veterans and congratulate our 4-H’ers who have worked so hard!pic.twitter.com/gtQmTqvcp2 Thank you, my friend @CoryBooker... … For months, Michigan families have sent a clear signal that they do not support the Administration’s cuts to Great Lakes funding. Because of those voices, and our bipartisan efforts, we ensured that every penny of this funding was restored! … The National Defense Authorization Act also makes big investments in Michigan’s defense industry: funding to replace A-10 fighter jets, develop a Next Generation Combat Vehicle prototype at the Detroit Arsenal & authorize three Littoral Combat Ships made by Michigan workers! Our men and women in uniform sacrifice every day for our nation. Just voted for the National Defense Authorization Act, which gives them a much needed pay raise. Heads to the President’s desk for signature now! Great to see my Careers Act signed into law yesterday – this will help increase the number of career counselors focused on the skilled trades and ensure our young people in Michigan have the opportunity to get a good-paying job.  … This week we celebrated the 53rd anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid. These are more than just programs – they are powerful tools to promote health, prevent poverty and protect our families in Michigan.pic.twitter.com/wYSrBKp6VB Glad to see 7 of our beautiful historic lighthouses on a can of Michigan’s very own Vernors! #PureMichigan … A bipartisan bill I authored w/ @clairecmc & @SenStabenow to stop this egregious practice passed the Health Committee, bringing us one step closer to lowering the cost of Rx drugs.  … (3/3) Great to be back at Michigan’s Finest Fair in Monroe County! I was a 4-H’er growing up in Clare and loved seeing the 4-H Horse Show this morning!pic.twitter.com/nW7aV7vOer We all stand with the families in Parchment. Here is a link with important information for families impacted by PFAS contamination in Parchment:  …. A local hotline has been set up if you have questions: 269-373-5346. My bipartisan Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act unanimously passed committee on Wednesday. Pharmacists should not be banned from telling Michigan families they could pay less for their prescription! … Thank you to Michigan State Trooper Ronnie Tucker for your courage and for safely welcoming Hanna Paielli into the world! … Health care isn’t political, it’s personal. Thank you to everyone who has spoken out over the past year to protect our care!pic.twitter.com/XIGwwbmcQg One year ago, I stood with families in Michigan & across the country to reject the Republicans’ health care repeal. It is outrageous that the Administration is now refusing to protect people with preexisting conditions like cancer, diabetes, or heart disease. I continue to be inspired by the amazing volunteer efforts to repair the flood damage that I saw firsthand in my visit to Houghton County. It’s great to still see Michiganders coming together to keep #CopperCountyStrong!  … Best of luck to Detroit’s Mobile Moo Shu as they compete in the @FoodNetwork’s ‘The Great Food Truck Race!' … It was great to meet in Monroe on Monday with local veterans and service providers! We had a meaningful discussion on ways to support our veterans and help bring veteran’s care closer to home. … Wayland’s new dahlia mural is a beautiful way of celebrating the city’s 150 years of history! … It’s great to see the farmers market return to the lawn of our State Capitol. From Michigan apples to corn  – looks like the Farmers Market at the Capitol will have it all! … This is very sad news. Sergio was a strong partner and I always enjoyed working with him. My thoughts are with his family in this difficult time. … It was very meaningful to stand with such brave survivors today. These young women were failed by the institutions that were supposed to protect them. We must make sure it never happens again.pic.twitter.com/toN0eI5DVI We are lucky to have such devoted and inspiring community members like ‘Oatmeal Guy’ Dale Wright and his wife, Doris! … My @nytimes op-ed: Judge Kavanaugh was involved in some of the most politically charged moments of our recent history. Republicans must live up to the bipartisan standard of transparency set by then-Sen Sessions and me, and demand to see his FULL record.  Organic farming is a fast-growing sector of agriculture, providing new opportunities for our farmers to meet consumer demand. Thank you @OrganicTrade for highlighting how historic investments in the Senate #FarmBill will help Michigan’s organic farms. … Very sad news – I always appreciated working with Sergio Marchionne. Thinking of him and the whole @FiatChrysler_NA family. … Glad to join the 33rd Annual Downriver Senior Olympics in Flat Rock today. What an amazing group of competitors who are playing hard and having fun!pic.twitter.com/t2feNBMvDD In @MonroeMI this AM to continue my statewide discussion with veterans and service providers. TY to @vaannarbor and veterans and advocates from Monroe, Washtenaw, and Lenawee Counties for coming out!pic.twitter.com/qhLgdEweU6 Congratulations to Cadillac’s Doris Lea for 50 years of beautiful artwork!  … It’s great to see Battle Creek’s @penguin_project empowering our children through theater and inspiring us all. Congratulations on an amazing production of Annie Jr. Break a leg! … Outrageous! … This is yet another reason why Judge Kavanaugh should not be confirmed. But if he is, he must recuse himself from Mueller probe matters. … We need a SCOTUS justice who protects our democracy, not one who has already opened the door to letting foreign adversaries interfere in our elections. That’s why I will vote no on President Trump’s nominee to lead the IRS  until he makes it clear that he will stop this undercutting of our  elections process! Now, just days after the DOJ indicted 12 Russians as part of Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in our election, the Administration is making it even easier to hide spending by special interests! This is appalling and must be stopped! … A few months ago, there were reports that the FBI was investigating whether Russia illegally contributed money to the NRA in order to influence our elections. … I am very concerned that President Trump would even consider allowing a foreign adversary like Russia to question an American citizen, including a former diplomat! … These young women have spoken out so bravely about the abuse they endured at the hands of Larry Nassar. No other young women should have to experience what they have gone through. A well-deserved recognition by @ESPYS last night. … President Trump's Supreme Court pick Judge Brett Kavanaugh says he would 'put the nail' in ruling upholding independent counsel  pic.twitter.com/wvNZihWtmk So proud of Medal of Honor winner Jim McCloughan for throwing the first pitch last night at the @AllStarGame! … Intelligence chiefs from Republican and Democratic Administrations are on the same page about Trump’s meeting with Putin. We need a leader who stands up to our adversaries, not one who agrees with them!! … It was shocking to see an American President refuse to stand up against a clear, proven attack by Russia! Our American national security experts are telling the truth! Republicans & Democrats must join together to protect our citizens from further attacks! … TY to Pres. Pink and @grcc for hosting my roundtable this morning w/ West MI veterans and advocates. We are all committed to continually improving services and the way we connect our veterans with the resources they need as they transition from the military to civilian lifepic.twitter.com/VCcK0ZbIDr After reviewing Judge Kavanaugh’s record, I believe it is in the best interests of the people of Michigan for me to oppose his nomination. Read my statement here:  … Last month, the Senate banned ZTE from doing business in the US. Time for the House to act! This action is a serious threat to our national security. Many national security leaders are worried that Chinese company ZTE is looking for a backdoor way to spy on our military and our businesses. Deeply concerning! … Yesterday, I joined @SenGaryPeters & @RepJackBergman in strongly urging the President to provide the federal funds needed to swiftly repair the extensive and devastating flood damage in the Upper Peninsula. We are committed to keeping #CopperCountyStrong. … I think I just met a future Senator from Illinois. Go Maile!pic.twitter.com/L3oxI4HhEI Thanks @SenGaryPeters and @MakeAWishMI for letting Thomas Stephenson be Senator for Michigan for the day. So glad I got to meet this impressive young man this morning!pic.twitter.com/ty67mp8lqF The announcement of the $30 million Choice Neighborhoods Grant is another important step forward in the city’s recovery.   … Thanks to the hard work and focused determination of so many community leaders, Flint is making progress. There is still much more that needs to be done for the families of Flint to be made whole. Our 2018 Farm Bill will help all Michigan families. From local food to expanded high-speed internet – there are wins for Michigan on every page!pic.twitter.com/DwxtGDPQYW It was great to be back at the National Cherry Festival in Traverse City over the weekend! Proud to co-author our 2018 Farm Bill that strongly supports our cherry growers all over Michigan.pic.twitter.com/9zeJIQwLEO Beautiful day to once again participate in the National @cherryfestival Parade here in the cherry capital of the world!pic.twitter.com/tUBlhc5w9q At @UncleJohnsCider highlighting big wins for Michigan in #FarmBill18. Once again, Michigan is on every page!pic.twitter.com/hJO9FHpVlY Finally... … pic.twitter.com/xHYJFDJhkq Congratulations to the Mesaros family’s Barvarian Bakery & Restaurant in Oscoda for 40 great years of tasty treats!  … Great news today for the Soo Locks! After a long bipartisan effort, we are one step closer to moving this important project forward. … It’s great to see the Willis Early Childhood Center in Kingsford investing in the health of our children with a beautiful, brand-new school garden. … Amazing to see three of our beautiful #PureMichigan beach towns in America’s top ten! … Major victory - by reaching across party lines and working together, we just passed #FarmBill18 that has Michigan on every page and provides certainty to our farmers, families and rural communities! The Farm Bill is one of the largest investments in our land, water, and Great Lakes. #FarmBill18 supports outdoor recreation and our Michigan way of life.pic.twitter.com/hBp9mjkhgo My statement on the retirement of Anthony Kennedy and the Supreme Court vacancy —>pic.twitter.com/x1Iycv50fR For a farmer in Michigan, a year of hard work can be lost in a day. The bipartisan #FarmBill18 helps Michigan farmers succeed despite all the risks they face.pic.twitter.com/ot3COY9EuT Michigan’s small towns and rural communities are great places to live and raise a family. I made sure #FarmBill18 included new investments that will help create jobs and opportunities in every corner of our state.pic.twitter.com/JMFTDglnX2 I also asked HHS Sec. Azar if this administration is going to take action on outrageous rising drug prices like life-saving Naloxone. He did not have an answer.pic.twitter.com/IA2UR1tqaq I also told HHS Sec. Azar that he will be held accountable for the safety and care of the more than 2,000 children in his custody as well as the actions to immediately reunite them with their parents. Yesterday in Senate Finance, I spoke out about the outrageous policy of separating children from their parents at the border.pic.twitter.com/gSTmUsJqrj Unions helped create the middle class in Michigan by fighting for fair wages and working conditions. This #SCOTUS decision in #JanusvAFSCME is an attack on working men and women. Very disappointing. I’ve always said the Farm Bill is a jobs bill. Today, I urged strong support for our bipartisan #FarmBill18 in order to provide certainty for Michigan’s agricultural economy and the 1 in 4 jobs it supports!pic.twitter.com/53SMDBExiV By increasing the number of career counselors who are not only focused on college preparation but also the skilled trades, we can make sure all young people have the opportunity and the skills they need to get a good-paying job.  … There are good paying jobs in Michigan in the professional skilled trades where you can graduate with no debt. Unfortunately, too many students and parents aren’t aware of these opportunities! I am committed to doing everything I can to bring in federal assistance as soon as possible and keep #CopperCountryStrong. I have never seen a more organized and dedicated all-hands on deck moment – very proud of the Houghton County community and their over 2,000 volunteers, first responders and community leaders that immediately went to work rebuilding after the horrible mud slides and water damage.pic.twitter.com/euq9yLrxZd Having a direct flight from Michigan’s capital to our nation’s capital is a major boost to Mid-Michigan’s economy. Very excited to announce that this route has been extended!  … Continue construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams, a state-of-the-art research facility at MSU Expand the Great Lakes National Cemetery in Holly so we can honor more of our veterans  Develop energy efficient trucks and vehicles The Senate voted on a bipartisan budget today that has important wins for Michigan, including funds to:   Improve health care facilities for our veterans Take another step in our fight against Asian carp Maintain our harbors, locks & waterways Father John Phelps - thank you for 50 years of living the Gospel! @LifeDirectionsCpic.twitter.com/6HfH5GlKMa Yesterday, @SenGaryPeters, @RepJackBergman and I offered our strong support of any request by the State of Michigan for federal assistance in responding to recent severe flooding in the Upper Peninsula. Our thoughts are with the communities affected by the damage.pic.twitter.com/x8kvC565D0 It sure looks like President Trump is trying to overturn my ban on oil and gas drilling in the Great Lakes. We will NOT let that happen! Read my letter to him here.pic.twitter.com/JbqZuHd7Mo Thank you @LittleLobbyists for everything you’ve done over the past year to protect our health care. I’m honored to be your partner in this important fight!pic.twitter.com/Ge6waFAmat I’m glad the Trump Admin listened to our bipartisan request and has released this study today. People have a right to know the dangerous health impacts from exposure to these chemicals. … For months, I have been calling on the Trump Admin to release a study on the health impacts of PFAS chemicals. Communities across Michigan are dealing with PFAS contamination but the Admin blocked release of a study that would shed light on health impacts  … The first bill I passed into law as a US Senator was a ban on oil and gas drilling in the Great Lakes. If the Trump Administration thinks its Executive Order can open the door to drilling in our Great Lakes, they should know that we will NEVER let that happen!!pic.twitter.com/VuiTrfgeLW A nuclear waste spill near the Great Lakes could be devastating to our health & environment. I introduced an amendment tonight that urges the US & Canada to work together to prevent Canada from constructing a nuclear waste storage site less than a mile from Lake Huron in Ontario. I talked to @RickAlbinWoodTV on To The Point about the threat to our Great Lakes and how I led the fight to restore every penny of funding.pic.twitter.com/1TOr9OTtw4 Today on #Juneteenth we commemorate the end of slavery and recommit to the fight for equal rights, opportunity and justice for all Americans. The bill includes a bipartisan amendment that overturns a Trump Administration decision to lift a ban on ZTE, a Chinese telecom company that violated US sanctions on Iran and North Korea and is a threat to our security and privacy. This provision needs to stay in the bill! We also included funding for upgrades to the A-10 fighter jet that will help keep A-10s operational at Selfridge Air National Guard base in Macomb County as well as funding to develop a Next General Combat Vehicle prototype at the Detroit Arsenal in Warren. In the bill, we increased support to address PFAS chemical contamination and are making important progress towards upgrading the Soo Locks. Last night, I voted in favor of the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act, which passed out of the Senate and how heads to conference with the House. Our bill invests in our nation’s defense and gives our men and women in uniform a pay raise. Very scary conditions from devastating floods in Houghton and the UP. There is a lot of work ahead to assess the damage and rebuild. I will strongly support any state or local requests for federal assistance. Please be safe! Wishing all families and their loving father-figures a very happy Father’s Day!pic.twitter.com/hcuTnNrthe The situation on the border is cruel and heartbreaking. I am a cosponsor of @SenFeinstein’s must-pass bill that would end the separation of children and families.  What a great kickoff to the Light Up the City campaign. Glad the community is coming together to keep Saginaw safe! … Impressive to see two very accomplished women in executive roles at @GM! Wishing Dhivya Suryadevara the best in her new endeavors as CFO! … Sending my best wishes to all Muslims and their families on this Eid! May your celebrations be just as delicious as they are joyous.pic.twitter.com/UuSrs4yqlA Yesterday my #SenateAg partner @SenPatRoberts and I passed our bipartisan Farm Bill out of committee. Looking forward to getting this done so we can provide Michigan farmers, families, and rural communities with the certainty they need. … Even if you get health insurance through your employer, this decision by the Trump Admin could affect you. Outrageous that their actions would let insurance companies deny you coverage or increase your rates because of a preexisting condition.  … Great news – Senate moving forward on full funding for the Great Lakes next year, passing $300 million out of Appropriations Committee today. The bill also requires Trump Admin to release study on health effects of PFAS chemicals. From Ypsilanti to Ortonville – there are so many great strawberry farms for families to visit this summer season! @freep … Congratulations @ABC12WJRT for receiving this national honor from @NABTweets! A well-deserved recognition of your hard work! … Joining colleagues today to introduce the Workers’ Freedom to Negotiate Act of 2018. This bill strengthens protections for our Michigan workers, including the right to collective bargaining without fear of retaliation! Not much beats the feeling of walking barefoot in Lake Michigan or running your hands through the sand on the shore. Glad to see our Grand Rapids Southwest Community Campus students had the chance to make it to the beautiful P.J. Hoffmaster State Park! … Today, I worked across party lines to pass a Farm Bill out of committee that will provide certainty for Michigan farmers, families and rural communities. I’m proud to say the 2018 Farm Bill is a bipartisan victory that has Michigan on every page. #FarmBill18pic.twitter.com/XtQHg1cLiM It is terrible to see the Trump Administration taking Michigan families back to the days when being a woman was considered a preexisting condition or when a patient had to pay more because he or she had cancer or another serious disease. … This week, we added a bipartisan provision to the Senate National Defense Authorization Act to restore the ban on ZTE. It is critical that this stays in the final bill. … That’s why I was very concerned when President Trump decided to side with ZTE and China and overturn the ban. That decision threatens our national security, our economy, and our privacy. These were the right things to do. ZTE’s actions were deeply concerning and many national security leaders feared that the company was looking for a backdoor way to spy on our military and our businesses. Soon after, the Pentagon banned the sale of ZTE phones on military bases amid fears the phones could be used to spy on our troops. Earlier this year, the Commerce Department issued a ban on Chinese telecom company ZTE for violating our sanctions on Iran and North Korea. This week, the Senate is voting on the National Defense Authorization Act, which provides important support for our troops and includes my provision to complete a critical study that will move funding for the Soo Locks forward. Great look at the Midland Tridge – a beautiful landmark spanning the Chippewa and Tittabawassee rivers for almost 40 years! … #NetNeutrality protections are officially over today. We voted in the Senate to repeal this terrible FCC decision. House should take action now! … Good news - thanks to additional funding we secured in the recent federal budget bill, the Army Corps will invest $57 million to maintain the Soo Locks! Still need funds to build a new lock, but this is good progress. Anthony Bourdain’s recognition and love for Detroit has always been appreciated. Anthony was and is an inspiration to us all – he will be deeply missed. … Today, #SenateAg Chairman @SenPatRoberts and I released our bipartisan 2018 Farm Bill, a true victory for Michigan’s diverse agricultural economy that will support our farmers, families, and rural communities!  …pic.twitter.com/iaacYQuvil Our Michigan workers and manufacturers can out-build, out-work and out-think anyone but they need a level playing field to succeed. My Keep Buying American Act ensures compliance with Buy American laws that protect our workers and manufacturers.pic.twitter.com/1AtM4YGRzN Great to meet Collin and Bailey from Kalamazoo’s Gaige School — who won 2nd place in the 2018 Toshiba/National Science Teachers Association #ExploraVision Awards! Congrats again on your well-deserved award!pic.twitter.com/YVhBZ5P6Ow A String of Pearls is a beautiful piece of Elmira’s history – made even more special by the history between Jeanne and Chris Polak. @petoskeynews … Access to the internet is not a luxury; it’s a necessity for people in Michigan. Last month I joined Republicans and Democrats in the Senate to overturn the rules repealing #NetNeutrality. Today I’m calling on Speaker Ryan to schedule a vote NOW in the House.pic.twitter.com/lSaMHQTSHH Update  –> The Senate is taking up the National Defense Bill this week and I’m working hard to get my Keep Buying American Act passed as part of this legislation. I agree 100%. Thanks @SenTinaSmith! I’m so glad you’re in the Senate! … That’s why today I introduced legislation with @SenatorBaldwin @ChrisMurphyCT @SenTinaSmith @SenJeffMerkley requiring the Trump Admin to release these Buy American reports immediately!  … The reports have been completed but they haven’t been released to the public or to Members of Congress! The public has a right to see whether our Buy American laws are working, and if they’re not, what actions can be taken to strengthen them. Last year, Pres. Trump issued an executive order calling for federal agencies to report on how they can better comply with our nation’s Buy American laws, which protect American workers and manufacturers. Sunshine’s story is a true inspiration. Even in the toughest of circumstances, she remained focused and motivated. I’m excited to see the many more great things she will accomplish! … South Arm Market is a great addition to East Jordan’s Main St. – congrats on your recent opening! … I’ve worked closely with @MarkHackel and local officials in Macomb to urge @SecElaineChao to provide this needed funding. This shows, once again, that when we work together we can get things done for Michigan! Excited to announce over $97 million in federal funds to make critical upgrades to Mound Road! Repairing Mound Road is vital for the economy & SE Michigan’s defense corridor! From the National Cereal Festival to the Field of Flight Air Show and Balloon Festival, this list has so many exciting events coming to Battle Creek! Hope everyone is able to get out and enjoy these summer activities. … Rising prescription drug costs are one of the top issues I hear about from MI families. There are actions we can take NOW to lower costs like passing my bipartisan bill to make sure you’re paying the lowest price at the pharmacy & my bill letting Medicare negotiate lower prices! Why are seniors stuck between a rock and a hard place right after prescription drug companies just got a massive tax break? … Celebrating new MI jobs at Achates Power’s new location in Farmington Hills! Their innovative engine technology is saving money at the pump for our families, businesses and military!pic.twitter.com/lV9QVsMPcb A special congrats on this #NationalDonutDay to the family-owned Avon Donuts in Pontiac for making the top ten list of Best Doughnut Shops in America by @MONEY! … Happy #WorldMilkDay to Michigan’s number one commodity! Dairy supports 40,000 jobs in Michigan and contributes $15 billion to our economy. #RaiseAGlass to all our hard working dairy farmers who are so important to our state. Today on National Gun Violence Awareness Day I'm standing with people in Michigan who are calling for action to reduce gun violence #WearOrangepic.twitter.com/afvOWBWjF6 Starting the day at the Mackinac Policy Conference on Radio Row! #MPC2018pic.twitter.com/0xmH9voGDI Today and every day, it is with great honor that we pay tribute to the men and women who have fallen in service to our country. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/8FzdSmuBbW Glad to see the Farmers Market season is off to a great start – especially at the new location in Saginaw! … Stopped into @QahwahHouse in @citydearborn for a delicious cup of Yemeni style coffee!pic.twitter.com/qJukjg9U4I New Yasmeen Bakery in @cityofdearborn is a neighborhood favorite for Baklava and other delicious food! Thank you Derrick and Mayor for hosting me!pic.twitter.com/bNcytWCTeF Very creative way to recognize four of Michigan’s all-star race car drivers; Gordon Johncock, Connie Kalitta, Brad Keselowski and Johnny Benson. … Continuing my small business tour in @cityofdearborn with the Mayor. Checking out the wonderful fresh produce and sweets at Dearborn Fresh Supermarket! Thanks Kal for your business leadership!pic.twitter.com/22Z8grSmJp So many beautiful camping sites in Michigan – all look like perfect getaways this summer! … Thank you, Dennis Williams, for your service as President of the @UAW. Your hard work and accomplishments over the last four years have strengthened the future for our workers and families. @detroitnews … Good news for cherry lovers: @USDA has acted on my request to strengthen Michigan's world-famous tart cherry industry. This new support will help our cherry growers weather an unfair trade imbalance and provide nutritious fruit to schools and food banks.  … The plans to revitalize the West Vernor corridor are very exciting and sure to add a number of useful amenities to a great space. … Thank you to the Friends of Pine Ridge Cemetery for taking care of our Civil War heroes and honoring them this Memorial Day. … A fun-filled and diverse list to use as all start to enjoy our summer months in the Muskegon area! @MLive … Our Great Lakes freighters are lucky to have such talented chef stewards to keep them happy and healthy! … Legislation I authored to improve veterans’ health care by requiring prompt payment to providers passed the Senate today as part of the VA Mission Act. This means that rural hospitals and providers can get paid for their services and continue to see patients. The VA Choice program was designed to make sure veterans can receive services close to home in a timely way but it has failed many of those it was intended to serve. Today we’re taking an important step to reform the VA program and improve care for our men & women in uniform. Thank you @NASCAR Cup Series driver @JamieMcMurray for honoring Staff Sergeant Scott Sather’s life and dedication to his country. We are forever grateful for his service and sacrifice. … I created @FoundationFAR in the #FarmBill to use research to grow Michigan’s food and farm economy. I'm pleased their latest project will support a @michiganstateu study to help Flint families access healthy, affordable food. … Congrats to the 2018 @DetroitNews list of outstanding high school graduates and to all our graduating seniors in Michigan! We are lucky to have so many bright people on their way to great futures! … Great to see the Engelhard family farm in Unionville doing so well. Thank you to Nathan and Amy for all they do for their community and for agriculture! … Great to stand with the hardworking men and women of @SteelWorkers this morning. In Michigan, our workers can out-build, out-work, and out-think anyone!pic.twitter.com/DUFRn7UOQL Chef Kate Williams has brought lots of flavor and great eats to Corktown since the opening of her restaurant Lady of the House. Absolutely wonderful to see her recognized on the @FoodandWine list of Best New Chefs! … Deepest condolences to the loved ones of Elk Rapids Police Chief Tom Emerson. His love for his community and his family will always be remembered. @RecordEagle … Thank you @AmberKeathley for sharing a look into your life and the lives of our teachers – most importantly, thank you for your hard work, care and dedication to our children. @MLive … Couldn’t agree more with @MichFarmBureau President Carl Bednarski and Michigan farmer veteran Nick Babcock. Grateful to have their support on the bipartisan #FarmerVeteran Opportunity Act to expand support for our veterans in agriculture.   … Best of luck to @FHHarrisonFB team as they prepare for their final season and congrats to coach John Herrington on 49 seasons! … Cheers to Albion Malleable Brewing Company on their grand opening today! Of the many great options, I can already see one beer I’ll have to try when I come visit!pic.twitter.com/hwx4l87g66 Congrats to all the winners from yesterday’s Probility @a2marathon … For 30 years, the Great Lakes Kite Festival brought lots of creativity and excitement to our Grand Haven State Park shoreline. Glad to see the final festival was a success! … Great turnout for the 51st Flower Day yesterday at @EasternMarket – so many beautiful options for our farmers, gardeners and families to enjoy! … Great news that @DTE_Energy and @ConsumersEnergy are continuing their efforts to produce clean energy for Michigan families! … Glad to see @WMCAT receive support from the @NEAarts for their visual arts education program – a great program aimed at fostering artists’ creativity through hands-on learning. … No surprise to me that word has gotten out about how amazing Mackinac Island is! Congratulations on becoming the top domestic destination this summer by @TripAdvisor! … It’s exciting to be able to witness @Astro_Feustel’s eighth spacewalk! Thank you for your hard work on the @Space_Station. … Thanks @SenatorBaldwin for sharing your story. So powerful! … 64 years ago today, the #BrownvBoard decision forever changed our history, but the fight for racial justice is not over. We need to continue to come together to advance civil rights and create opportunities for every child in every neighborhood. Honored to receive the @LISCRural Policy Champion Award presented by @niupnorth President Dennis West. It’s a pleasure to partner with such outstanding organizations focused on #RecognizingOpportunity in our rural communities!pic.twitter.com/thCPGHaQSb .@SenStabenow on #NetNeutrality: “In our country, for our economy, for our democracy, everybody needs to have the same opportunity to use the internet and the tools available” @nbc25fox66 #C2Cpic.twitter.com/DcsTVbq4w1 Great to see these markets opening again after a successful holiday season. So many great vendors to visit! … Great meeting with Chief James Berlin from the Roseville Police Department today during National Police Week – I am so appreciative for the dedication and brave service of our law enforcement officers.pic.twitter.com/z8xuDOehCv The motion to proceed on my resolution to save #NetNeutrality just passed. The final vote will be around 3 PM ET. Keep making your voices heard on the phones and online! Be a part of history. Still one of the best ways to describe the importance of today’s vote -- @BurgerKing. … We vote TODAY on a resolution to save #NetNeutrality. I will vote to defend the open internet – it’s a necessity for our small businesses, our families and our future. Wishing all our Muslim friends a blessed and joyous month of Ramadan!pic.twitter.com/SEC4ir4v2D Great Lakes funding is critical to projects like the Clinton River Spillway. Thank you to Commissioner Candice Miller, Commissioner Jim Nash, Michael Gregg and Township Supervisor Robert Cannon for protecting our waterways.  … Great to talk with our local veterans and community leaders in Taylor yesterday -- lots of insightful conversation about how to address challenges. … These terrifying statistics are a reality for too many new moms in our country. My Quality Care for Moms and Babies Act creates higher standards for maternity care to keep moms and babies safe. Congress should pass it now! … This is sure to be an incredible addition to the @DIADetroit! The attention to detail and roles these costumes played in Star Wars make this a must-see exhibit.  Exciting to see two of our very talented high school choirs from Holland and Calvary will be singing in @carnegiehall next weekend! Safe travels and best of luck. … This is unacceptable. Communities across Michigan are dealing with drinking contamination from these toxic substances. The report should be released immediately. … Passing our bipartisan legislation is one step we can take immediately to help address the outrageous cost of prescription drugs. Much more action is needed! On Friday, President Trump talked about the need to crack down on gag clauses, which prevent pharmacists from telling you the lowest price for your medication. @SenatorCollins and I have already introduced bills that do just that. … Commissioner @MillerMCPW and I continue to partner on protecting our lakes and waterways!pic.twitter.com/fesVtTTJ59 Also pleased to announce Senate action on new funding opportunities to support water quality in Macomb.pic.twitter.com/Ks9FPXDAxi Another successful Great Lakes funding project here in Clinton Township that’s protecting communities from flooding and restoring new fish and wildlife!pic.twitter.com/cAeGe6Uzji pic.twitter.com/CRqRvEP4oR Congrats to @MLive on receiving over 80 awards from the Michigan Press Association! Thanks for the hard work and dedication to keeping your readers well-informed. … Excited to see @BlakesHardCider reaching 19 states. Also, fun to see their first batch of hard cider was brewed in a garage at @Michiganstateu! … Big win from the @DetroitCityFC team in the @OpenCup! Congrats and best of luck as they take on FC Cincinnati next week! … Great story about Florence Haas – the first licensed female boat captain on the Great Lakes. She was truly an incredible leader for our state. … "Democrats promise to keep doing everything we can to bring down the cost of the medications you need. It’s time for our Republican colleagues to join us." - @SenStabenow in the Weekly Democratic Address. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/UELyo8q3Zb Gina Haspel’s role in the torture program is deeply concerning and disqualifies her to lead the CIA. I am opposed to her nomination. Congrats to Megan Valo from Bath on your prize from @PriceIsRight! Hope you enjoy your honeymoon in Chile! … Thank you @CBPGreatLakes Officer Johnny Grays for your bravery in saving the young boy’s life. … Great visit in Monroe this week where I met with community leaders & discussed the growing need for skilled workers & ways to support our small businesses. I will continue my focus on ensuring our young people, families & small business owners have the tools they need to succeed! … Today @SenGaryPeters and I called on President Trump to follow through on his commitment to modernize the Soo Locks. We are on borrowed time until something happens that shuts down the Poe Lock and threatens our economy and national security. Need action now!pic.twitter.com/h1ySglhKWE Agriculture offers Michigan veterans rewarding careers & the opportunity to continue serving our nation. Today I joined @SenPatRoberts to introduce new bipartisan #FarmerVeteran legislation to expand support for Michigan veterans in the #FarmBill.  …pic.twitter.com/fnugLoHPL8 St. Ignace is one of many of our wonderful cities to visit this summer! This list shows some of the great things to do while there. … If you are an entrepreneur in Michigan looking to start a business, the last thing you should have to worry about is slow internet. I stand with small businesses calling for #OneMoreVote in the Senate to reinstate #NetNeutrality!pic.twitter.com/Eq0j8cR1iV Good luck to our @wsuecocar3 Team as they head into competition on May 10th! Michigan is proud to have each of you representing us. It’s time for Republicans to join us in holding special interests accountable and standing with the people.pic.twitter.com/90jW1FZp6h In Michigan, internet access isn’t a luxury – it’s a necessity. Our families, our business and our future depend on it. Today, we will file the #NetNeutrality discharge petition and we need only #OneMoreVote for it to pass. This petition ensures we protect the American people and their right to an open internet.pic.twitter.com/1BDtnTTTse Senate moving ahead on water resources legislation that includes critical priorities for Michigan! Thanks to EPW leadership for working w/ me to include support for a new Soo Lock, increase funding for the Great Lakes & more. I am fully committed to making sure this bill passes! So great to see the hard work of Tom Corser and PDM Woodworking being recognized all the way in New York by Google! … Another amazing post from @DustinDilworth! This is a beautiful time lapse video of the Northern Lights over the Mackinac Bridge! … Excited to see this great exhibit being showcased in the U.S. for the first time at our @TheHenryFord in Dearborn! … Truly a remarkable group of people – thanks to each of you for investing your hard work, talent and dedication to bettering our Detroit community. #20intheir20s … State Superintendent Brian Whiston devoted his career to bettering our schools and helping our students. His many contributions to public education will forever be appreciated. Sending my condolences to his loved ones during this difficult time. … This is outrageous! Parents and children in Michigan rely on CHIP for important medical care. How can they have peace of mind if the Admin keeps threatening to take funding away? We worked across the aisle to guarantee 10 years of CHIP funding. … Big Pharma is spending millions on lobbyists to keep prescription drug prices outrageously high. I will continue to lead the fight to lower the cost of medication for Michigan families. … Sending my condolences to the friends and family of Joe Weaver. His contributions to broadcast journalism and the Detroit community for over 30 years will always be remembered. … What a clear view of our Mitten State from space! Its mass and beauty in the image from @Astro_Feustel is truly remarkable. … So many great islands to visit in our state – all twelve look like amazing vacation spots especially now that the weather has warmed up! … Big congrats to our ten Michigan breweries announced as 2018 World Beer Cup winners! … 125 years of serving and protecting our Lansing community is an incredible accomplishment. I am truly grateful for the hard work and dedication of the Lansing Police Department to our families. Best wishes on this anniversary, @LansingPolice Great turnout for Michigan Construction Career Days! MI students got to use real tools & equipment and learn more about good-paying, skilled jobs in construction trades. Thank you @OE_324 & @MIBldgTrades for hosting!pic.twitter.com/nyGt1qWRJj Great to see our teachers being honored next week at Stage Deli for #NationalTeacherAppreciationWeek! I am so thankful for their dedication to our students and communities. … Going to see the beautiful murals found throughout Detroit’s Mexicantown is one great way to kickoff Cinco de Mayo. Hope all are able to enjoy the celebrations this weekend! @detroitnews … Very sad to hear of the passing of Patty Birkholz. She was a staunch advocate for the Great Lakes and loved to brighten every room wearing her favorite color purple. My deepest condolences go out to her entire family. … #TBT during this #SmallBusinessWeek to some of the stops on my Small Business Tour across Michigan. Join me in celebrating all the truly talented and hard-working businesses that are the backbone of our great state.pic.twitter.com/gxpHRp5qDA This renewed attention to upgrade the #SooLocks is good for Michigan. I urge the President to act soon. Was wonderful to meet with local veterans and service leaders in Warren today at the VFW 6756!pic.twitter.com/UeVXG7zkrv Great meeting at American Legion Post 294 in Swartz Creek. Thank you to all of our local service providers for all you do to support our veterans!pic.twitter.com/TP0MaLgJ5F Sending my love to you and your family @SenatorHeitkamp  … At the @MILegion in Lansing continuing my roundtable discussions with our MI veterans and service providers. Great ideas for how to improve health care and provide better support to our veterans transitioning from the military to civilian life.pic.twitter.com/jUVd6Bkg0I Exciting to see Detroit hosting the @FRCTeams FIRST competition – an amazing way to bring together thousands of our brightest young minds to create innovative robots and inventions. … A special look at all the work going into the opening of the @GrandHotelMI. … What a powerful and important memorial recognizing the horrors of lynchings throughout our history.  … We are almost there! Looks like the end of the snow is finally in the horizon for us. Hope everyone has plans to enjoy the upcoming beautiful warm weather! … I’m glad Ronny Jackson has decided to withdraw his name from consideration as VA Secretary. Our Michigan veterans deserve better. We need a head of the VA who has the experience and expertise to improve care and fix what’s broken. … Congratulations to Officer David Renteria on his retirement. His service to keep the Jackson community safe over the last 25 years will forever be appreciated. … Congrats to the Traverse Bay Area Intermediate School District’s Career-Tech Center on receiving the @CTEWorks Excellence in Action Award. Great to see their amazing accomplishments in the Teacher Academy program over the last 16 years being recognized. … What a great way to celebrate Berry Gordy and the @Motown_Museum! Hope everyone gets the chance to enjoy Founder’s Day today. … Tori Essex’s stylish Magic Skoolie is truly an impressive space – what a unique idea! Also, congrats on graduating, Tori! … Incredible – this picture from the @Space_Station captures our Mackinac Bridge from an amazing vantage point. … Kyle Duncan’s terrible record makes him unfit for a lifetime appointment on the Fifth Circuit. I strongly oppose his nomination! … What an interesting discovery in Lake Erie – curious to see what the National Museum of Great Lakes is able to find out! … In Michigan, we know the value of our air and water- especially our Great Lakes. This #EarthDay, let’s remember to enjoy the beauty of our great state and recommit to protecting the environment and our natural resources!pic.twitter.com/vFENrxJmwz What a privilege to join Western International High School Junior ROTC cadets for a proud military tradition- Dining Out! TY for your leadership & service!pic.twitter.com/2fiFKvdilB Proud of all the Michigan students who are speaking out against gun violence today. I stand with you! … Great to see you @SenDuckworth and welcome Maile to the Senate Floor! … Today in @SenateFinance I called on the Trump Admin to negotiate the lowest price for naloxone. It’s outrageous that this life-saving drug was once available for $1 and, as the opioid epidemic has become a national crisis, drug companies have dramatically raised the price.pic.twitter.com/yA6iRCEyUh I’m horrified by the abuse these young women and men suffered at the hands of adults they trusted. We’ve recently passed into law some important steps to strengthen protections for young athletes but there is much more to do. … Great to meet with Michigan's own Wesley Lutz today. Proud to have him serve as Chair of the @NADAUpdate.pic.twitter.com/UFuvAQxakg It's unfortunate that House Republicans are pushing a farm bill that abandons the bipartisan approach that allowed us to pass the current #FarmBill. As Ranking Member of @SenateAgDems, I am committed to writing a bipartisan bill that continues to put Michigan first. Today I joined 38 of my colleagues to call on Scott Pruitt to resign. We need someone at the EPA who will stand with us to protect our air, water, and Great Lakes!pic.twitter.com/ZC3mB0gcDb Today I called on the Administration to take immediate action to reduce the price of naloxone so we can get this life-saving drug in the hands of more people. This will save countless lives!pic.twitter.com/OtYK2pso6Q Our Michigan police officers, firefighters, and first responders use naloxone to reverse the effects of opioid overdoses and save lives. Even though naloxone has been around since the 1970s, the price keeps going up. That’s outrageous! I did not support Mike Pompeo to be CIA Director and I will not vote for him to be our Secretary of State. He is not fit to be our head diplomat or to represent American values around the world. Very sad to hear of the passing of Barbara Bush. My deepest condolences go out to her entire family. Great to meet with @MiLaborers. Thank you for all you do to stand up for working families in Michigan!pic.twitter.com/5U1Pp9j1NJ If you’re as outraged about the Trump Administration’s new proposal to expand #junkplans as I am, you can share your opinion here:  …. The deadline to submit a comment is April 23rd! I want to work w the Trump Administration to lower health care costs so that you can get the care you need. Unfortunately, the Administration has a new proposal that would take us back to when women could be charged more or you could be denied coverage for a preexisting condition There’s no question health insurance is too expensive for too many families in Michigan. That’s why I’ve been taking on Big Pharma so we can lower the cost of prescription drugs, the biggest driver of health care costs!pic.twitter.com/LQibLNWemF A great piece on mental illness and the importance of understanding its impacts. I will continue leading the effort in the Senate to increase mental health funding and expand care.pic.twitter.com/QYDPwXw2Qb So glad I had the opportunity to present the Congressional Badge of Bravery to the very deserving @EatonCoSheriff Deputy Andrew Jenkins last week. … As I have said before, Enbridge should NOT be reopening Line 5 until the visual inspections are complete! Our Great Lakes are too important. We need to know the safety and integrity of the line were not compromised following the reported damage! … Such an amazing achievement – congratulations to Desiree Linden from Michigan on becoming the first American woman to win the women’s division of the Boston Marathon in 33 years! … .@SenGaryPeters and I called for Line 5 to be shut down until it can absolutely be verified it is safe. Protecting our Great Lakes must be our top priority. It was the right call for PHMSA to press Enbridge to shut it down during this bad weather! … Congratulations! … .@EatonCoSheriff Deputy Andrew Jenkins heroically saved the lives of three people who were trapped in a burning home. I was so honored to present the Congressional Badge of Bravery to him today with @SenGaryPeters. We are grateful for his service and bravery!pic.twitter.com/SGxzGeR4dE Great to see the beauty of Lake Superior showcased on another new quarter in the @USMINT America the Beautiful Series! … Had an amazing time at last night’s STEP Ahead Awards Reception where @TheMfgInstitute honored 11 business leaders from Michigan! Congrats to our honorees!pic.twitter.com/j5hoKULKzN Chef Alex Young and his team are working very hard to get this local business up and running – very exciting to see The Standard preparing to come to life this April in Ann Arbor. Best of luck as the grand opening approaches! … It’s time we have someone at the EPA who will stand with us to protect our Great Lakes and all of our beautiful land, air and water resources! This is also why I plan to vote against Andrew Wheeler to be Deputy EPA Administrator. Have no confidence that he will do more than Pruitt to protect the Great Lakes. Time after time, Scott Pruitt has tried to gut funding for our Great Lakes and undermine protections for our air and water. I never supported Pruitt to begin with and now it’s time for him to step down. Thank you @SenStabenow for championing and introducing the Quality Care for Moms & Babies Act yesterday! We appreciate and share your unrelenting commitment to improving the access and quality of care for moms and babies. #MarchofDimes  pic.twitter.com/Wb83NakXcx The plans to transform West Riverfront Park are beautiful – what a great space to enjoy downtown Detroit. … Congratulations to Voyager in Ferndale on being named one of the 2018 Restaurants of the Year by @FoodandWine magazine. Great to see your business growing and being recognized on a national scale! … These gag clauses truly are outrageous – @SenatorCollins and I are sponsoring legislation to protect our consumers and ensure patients are able to get the medication they need at the best possible price. @detroitnews … What an incredible program! Best of luck to our RoboRunners in teams 1313A and 1313M in the @VEXRobotics World Championships later this month! … So many great opportunities to stargaze in our beautiful state! Excited to enjoy the coming warmer nights watching the lit up night-sky. … We must continue to do all we can to close the gender & racial #paygap today and everyday – not only in Michigan but all across our country! #EqualPayDay … Rural communities in the UP and all across Michigan need access to high-speed internet and better water infrastructure. That’s why I led the effort to include new rural investments in the recent budget bill. @miningjournal  … Very sad to hear of the passing of my friend Tony Trupiano. He was a courageous voice for working people in Michigan. Congrats @SenDuckworth on the beautiful addition to your family. Sending warm wishes of health and happiness to you, baby Maile, Bryan and Abigail! … Great to have @LaColombeCoffee making delicious coffee drinks in #NortonShores - with Michigan milk! Thanks for the tour, Jason!pic.twitter.com/grWZnPEY1l Great visit with Onodi Tool & Engineering in Melvindale. Saw firsthand a few of their high-quality products that support our troops.pic.twitter.com/XnxS9LGiti Excited to see the ‘Rise’ mural come to life in downtown Detroit -- what a great addition to the skyline! … Mayor Debi Hillebrand and her husband Greg have one of the most eye-catching bed and breakfasts in the area. A true local landmark in Whitehall!pic.twitter.com/MmCpCMy739 Continuing my small business tour in downtown Whitehall at Colby’s Hokey Pokey. Sisters Diane, Caryl, and Gretchen showed me some of the unique furniture and reinvented treasures for your home!pic.twitter.com/k7vmJhNRcQ Great visit with Bryan and his team at the Book Nook & Java Shop in Montague. I see why it’s THE place to go for entertainment!pic.twitter.com/933XaTFtwr I am leading the effort to bring down the outrageous costs of prescription drugs driven up by Big Pharma – my new legislation will make the changes that Michigan families need. … Even though the calendar tells us it is spring while the weather insists on showing us otherwise, this sure is a beautiful way to distract ourselves from the snow! @MLive … It’s great to see more of our beautiful Lake Michigan beaches and dunes open for the public to enjoy! … ICYMI: I sat down with @RickAlbinWoodTV on @WOODTV8 To The Point to talk about my new plan to lower the cost of prescription drugs. … Betty Ford was a remarkable first lady and did so much for our country. This exhibit at @Ford_Library is a beautiful way to honor her on her 100th birthday. … Best of luck to Tyrone Township resident and @USArmy vet, Kelly Meade, as she heads into the semifinals for the Ms. Veteran America contest! Michigan is thanking for your service – and we’re rooting for you! … Relief for Michigan’s dairy industry is on the way. Starting 4/9, dairy farmers can sign up for new support, which I authored to protect our farmers from unexpected losses and provide certainty for Michigan ag – our 2nd largest industry!  … Joined with pharmacists and seniors in #Ishpeming to discuss my plan to lower the cost of prescription drugs. People across Michigan are speaking out about the outrageous price hikes by Big Pharma!pic.twitter.com/DL0I1xmfxH Go Blue! #CrislerLive #GoBluepic.twitter.com/mS1now1t0O Hey @SenBobCasey! Looking to make a friendly wager for the @MarchMadness #NationalChampionship game tonight?? I bet some of our amazing Michigan craft beer that @UMichBBall #Wolverines will win! Hope everyone enjoys a blessed Easter with their loved ones filled with joy and happiness.pic.twitter.com/WKzJu5ZIyr Big game today! Sending good luck to our #Wolverines as @UMichBBall plays in the @MarchMadness #FinalFour against the #Ramblers! Pesach Sameach to our Jewish friends beginning their holiday celebrations this evening!pic.twitter.com/nTOpzmhqyT Opening day is (finally) here! Best of luck to our @Tigers as they take on the #Pirates today at @ComericaPark!pic.twitter.com/2SuVQyibV8 Great evening with @TheGlennClose talking about mental health for the @WhoCanRelateUM round table!pic.twitter.com/rWgpQXu2xK Mental Health Roundtable going on now!! @ Rackham Auditorium #whocanrelate2018 #endstigma #mentalhealthawarenesspic.twitter.com/tGYfclTsDd Linda is a 69-year-old woman living in Lansing. The price of one of her medications tripled without warning last year from $683 to $2,236! I'm focused on bringing down the outrageous cost of prescription drugs and thank Linda for sharing her story with me.pic.twitter.com/FmFzYCc6km Big Pharma spends more on lobbying than any other industry to stop competition that would lower prices. So drug prices continue to skyrocket for seniors and families. I announced new legislation today in Detroit and Flint to lower the cost of prescription drugs. Enough is enough!pic.twitter.com/T51rwaN9E5 I continue to stand up to the drug company lobbyists and special interests who spend millions to keep the cost of your medications so high. It is wrong and my plan would lower the cost of prescription drugs – making a major difference for our Michigan families.pic.twitter.com/QdvCPXdVy9 Today, I am announcing my plan to lower prescription drug prices at events across Michigan!pic.twitter.com/DngjB9l89A Thank you @MitchAlbom and @sayplaydetroit for touching so many lives and showing the power of caring! … The dedication Superintendent @dmcdav has given to his students at @BerkleySchools is incredible. Thank you and warmest congratulations on receiving the @kencen /Stephen Sondheim Inspirational Teacher Award! @DailyTrib … Warmest congrats to @CityofHowell on winning the @NatlMainStreet 2018 Great American Main Street Award! I had such a great time visiting your small businesses this year!pic.twitter.com/xH8u7ClTHU It’s great to see our Poe Lock open and functioning this season after winter maintenance, but we are on borrowed time until something happens that could shut it down. We must build a second lock to ensure this vital gateway for commerce and jobs stays open. … Slightly warmer weather calls for a warm welcome back to the Oberon Ale from @BellsBrewery. Hope everyone enjoyed their Oberon Day in Kalamazoo! … What an incredible list! I love seeing all the beautiful sites our great state has to offer! @Mlive … 557 Café is a delicious addition to downtown Muskegon. Best of luck to this new small business! … And with that win @umichbball punches their ticket to San Antonio! Congratulations on making it to the #FinalFour! Allowing children to be a part of the creation of their playgrounds is a great idea! Can’t wait to see the finished parks in Flint this summer! … The red-hot Wolverines are ready to take on the Seminoles! Good luck to @umichbball as they play in the #Elite8 tonight! #GoBlue Huge win for @FerrisMBBALL! Congrats on your well-deserved new title of national champs! Aerial images from March for Our Lives rallies around the world shows huge turnout   Incredible energy today at #MarchForOurLives in #Detroit. I stand with the brave students who are saying #NeverAgain!pic.twitter.com/cENAWbtfdp Good luck to @CMUWBBall as they play in the #Sweet16 tonight against Oregon! #FireUpChips Despite President Trump’s cuts, we restored every penny for the Great Lakes in the budget bill. Thank you to everyone who spoke out and got involved. Your voices are so important!pic.twitter.com/gbx4wm2uWl This budget is just the first step. As I continue to work on a bipartisan #FarmBill this year, I will ensure Michigan agriculture and rural communities are represented on every page! Major new support for rural water infrastructure will ensure our small towns have clean drinking water and keep water rates affordable for families. New investments in high-speed internet will help our rural schools, hospitals, small businesses and households across the state access the internet. Currently, a third of rural Michigan communities can’t connect! Great to speak with @MichFarmBureau this morning! I was pleased to share some really good news for Michigan farmers and rural communities in the bipartisan budget bill released yesterday. Wishing @umichbball the best of luck as they take on Texas A&M in the #Sweet16 tonight! Congress set to save Great Lakes funds, community block grants  Great Lakes cleanup funding escapes Trump administration budget cuts  I’m deeply concerned about the number of people across Michigan who have been exposed to alarmingly high levels of PFAS. I am doing everything possible, working with partners, to provide long-term assistance to those affected. @SenGaryPeters @RepDanKildee  … This budget bill includes important priorities for Michigan by restoring full funding for the Great Lakes and expediting action to combat Asian carp. This is how we protect our Michigan way of life!   … Today I met with RAMI in my DC office, where we talked about my Make It In America Act, which would toughen up Buy American requirements to help companies like RAMI compete. Will keep pushing to get this important bill passed!pic.twitter.com/RPWpNGCGIE During my small business tour across the state, I met with RAMI, a manufacturer of high-tech products for our military. They were concerned that our Buy American laws, meant to give priority to American companies, weren’t working. These students from Michigan weren’t scared off by a little snow. Great to meet them today in DC! @CloseUp_DC @SacredHeartMtP1 @ByronCenterPS @tkschoolspic.twitter.com/1xNTgrl2mI Thank you @DustinDilworth for capturing Michigan’s Northern Lights, blue ice and Mackinac Bridge all in one photo – our state’s beauty is breathtaking! … Too many young girls and boys are the victims of online sex trafficking. I just voted today to pass important legislation that I sponsored to stop this abuse --> … A big congratulations to Genavieve Linkowski on her unanimous vote from @AmericanIdol ‘s judges! Michigan will be rooting for you during the competition! … In every corner of Michigan, from big cities to small towns, small businesses are the heart of our communities.  Thank you to @MichiganSBDC for the resources you provide in our state! #SBDCDay Right now, I’m working hard to write a bipartisan #FarmBill that will continue to support Michigan’s diverse ag economy and the farmers who grow the food we eat! #AgDay Agriculture is our state’s 2nd largest industry, supporting 1 in 4 jobs. Thankful for Michigan’s farmers, veterinarians, ag researchers, business leaders, and everyone who keeps our ag economy strong and growing. #AgDay Wishing Michigan farmers and ag leaders a Happy National #AgDay!pic.twitter.com/5H2ni0tuJW Glad to see @BarackObama’s bracket holding up with @MSU_Basketball taking on Syracuse today! Good luck to our #Spartans! @MarchMadness I was honored tonight to be part of Michigan’s heroes of Mental Health. Thank you @namiofmi for your advocacy and service!pic.twitter.com/OXOBHd1zoH These are incredible formations – glad to see so many people are witnessing the beauty of the blue ice and our Mackinaw City! … Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope everyone enjoys a lucky day filled with happiness and celebration! .@BarackObama definitely has the right idea -- Best of luck to our #Spartans as @MSU_Basketball takes on Bucknell tonight in their game one of @MarchMadness! … Good luck to @umichbball all in their first NCAA Tournament game tonight! Bees are essential to a healthy ecosystem -- it is imperative that we protect them.  It’s great that our beekeepers in Detroit are helping to sustain the bee population while inspiring small businesses to sell products from their very own hives! … It’s great to see students exploring careers, such as software engineering and coding, that help Detroit solve the complex problems facing the auto industry! … These Detroit students did an amazing job in @DBtodomundo’s new video! Love that this song encourages listeners to be welcoming and supportive to others! … Sgt. Harry Harkness will finally be laid to rest in Michigan -- his service to his country will never be forgotten. … I stand with students in Michigan and across the country who are speaking out against gun violence #NotOneMorepic.twitter.com/3CIEGzEmJ3 Western High School in Southwest Detroit held their #NationalSchoolWalkout Day in 3 languages: English, Arabic and Spanishpic.twitter.com/qKiwGZGKXe Live look at #NationalWalkoutDay in Dearborn, Grosse Pointe, Berkley and Auburn Hills  pic.twitter.com/RE2JfCkTfN Students at East Lansing High chant “no more silence, end gun violence!”pic.twitter.com/JbbYMqYPtw Congratulations to Bob Rentschler & Julie Steffey for receiving the John and Suanne Roueche Excellence Award! @MottCollege is lucky to have professors who are committed to providing an outstanding education! … Thanks @ShortsBrewing for incorporating the spirit of northern Michigan into your craft beers! … Michigan students have been hurt by policies pushed by Betsy DeVos over the years. That’s why I strongly opposed her appointment for Secretary of Education.  Our children deserve better!! … We have to make sure illnesses above the neck are treated the same as illnesses below the neck. I’m working with @RoyBlunt to expand our Excellence in Mental Health Act so that every community has the resources they need to treat mental health & addiction … .@GirlScouts is known for so much more than just their cookies - it taught me confidence & leadership and I know it continues to instill those values in the 26 million members today! Happy 106th birthday! #GirlScoutsDay Enjoyed a great afternoon celebrating the 60th Annual Detroit St. Patrick’s Day Parade today!pic.twitter.com/yZ0khLPA3C Great night celebrating conservation, hunting and our Michigan outdoor heritage with the National Wild Turkey Federation and @GLARDucks!pic.twitter.com/62BbUbB9bG This bill does not weaken these protections. My focus is keeping these critical consumer protections while making sure smaller banks and credits unions in Michigan can thrive for our communities and families.  See my full responsepic.twitter.com/0GTRhNwNj9 Legislation to strengthen community-based banks and member-owned credit unions is before the Senate next week. I am a staunch supporter of Dodd-Frank, and have been a leader in stopping the deregulation of the big banks that caused the financial crisis. So proud of these Michigan students for taking a stand against violence and honoring the victims of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting. … It’s not hard to believe there are more than 1,900 historic places to check out in our extraordinary state -- Such a great list! … Exciting to have one of Michigan’s own competing on @AmericanIdol! Wishing Rachel Curtis the best of luck this season! … Congratulations to Madalyn Murray & Nate Lacey for your excellence in CTE courses, as well as Allegra Marketing for providing these great skilled trade opportunities to our students! … So excited to partner with the community to bring @Google to Lansing! Today and tomorrow at LCC you can connect with Googlers about your business needs, jobs, school resources and ways to increase your personal digital skills...and have some fun!  #GrowWithGooglepic.twitter.com/2mBcan1sGy Here at Lansing Community College for an awesome event called Grow with @Google! Come on down!pic.twitter.com/axLspMAUfY Great to start my day celebrating the 90th Annual @MichiganFFA State Convention! I was honored to receive their national FFA Degree.pic.twitter.com/rwW2SwpkT9 I’m very concerned that Chinese companies are spending billions of dollars to buy up American energy sources. Today, the Energy Committee approved my amendment to ensure foreign investments in our energy sector don’t harm our national security, our economy, or our manufacturers.pic.twitter.com/qZnUeT75Bs It’s great to see the Southern Michigan Winter Beer Festival grow over the past 8 years and showcase beers from all around the country -- my favorites will always be those made in Michigan! … International Women’s Day is a celebration of the past, present & future. We thank the women that fought for the rights we have today, we recognize the women who advocate for women’s rights every day and we #PressForProgress so one day we can achieve real equality!pic.twitter.com/AOkfR0xUE5 High-speed internet is not a luxury – it’s a necessity – which is why I will continue leading the effort to improve access to rural broadband. In Michigan, one million people still lack high-speed internet. This means high school students can’t do their homework and small businesses can’t sell their goods.pic.twitter.com/hjS3FL76sT Eva Jones, a high schooler from Hood River, is in DC today to advocate for gun safety. Thank you, Eva, for raising your voice! Let’s follow the pleas of students across the nation, who are asking for fewer moments of silence & more moments of action. #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/AOALJ4UqvQ Join @SenStabenow and I at 4PM ET as we host a hearing today with Marjory Stoneman Douglas student @davidhogg111, @fred_guttenberg, and others affected by gun violence who are demanding action to protect our communities. We will be streaming the hearing live. #AmericaSpeaksOutpic.twitter.com/tl8tp8f6IL Today, we are hearing from young people and parents whose energy, urgency and passion are making change possible in the fight against gun violence. Watch their powerful testimony live here -> … Great to see @BarackObama recognize Kzoo Central students! I’m so proud of our students who are becoming engaged and calling for change after Parkland. … A warm welcome to the @detroitzoo’s newest resident – Suka! @mlive … Exciting to see such unique vehicles from around the world at Detroit’s 66th Autorama! @hotrodshows … Congratulations to @crustabakingco for being declared Michigan’s Best Bakery! I was lucky enough to try their delicious sea salt chocolate chip cookies during my small business tour! @mlive … Maxine Berman was a champion for women’s rights, a powerful leader and a dear friend. My deepest condolences to Maxine’s friends and family. … If you support #NetNeutrality, join me in fighting to save it. We are so close to having the votes we need to overturn this harmful @FCC decision!pic.twitter.com/Ok7DxnnPjp We need ONE MORE VOTE in the Senate to prevent slow download speeds. Please speak out today to protect #NetNeutrality!pic.twitter.com/nWS1l8YxGN Congrats to @umichbball! Back-to-back #B1GTourney champions!!  By 2025, the skills gap will cause us to have 2 million empty manufacturing jobs, waiting to be filled. My New Skills for New Jobs Agenda will help close that gap. … So special! … Michigan families, mine included, will be divided today as @MSU_Basketball takes on @UMichBBall in the @B1GMBBall Tournament! Exciting day! Best of luck to @UMichBBall as they take on Iowa in today’s @Big10Network tournament game! People in Michigan and across the country rely on a free and open internet. We have 56 legislative days to get #OneMoreVote in the Senate to #SaveTheInternet and protect #NetNeutrality! Please join me in speaking out!pic.twitter.com/eDzw1mvhO1 Thank you President Haas for your many years of service to @GVSU and the state of Michigan! … Excited for all of the unique cars at the @HotRodShows Detroit Autorama! I’m sure everyone will catch “the Motor City effect” like Bill Whetsone did! … Internet access isn’t a luxury for people in Michigan – it’s a necessity. I joined @SenGaryPeters to introduce a resolution to reinstate #NetNeutrality. We just need #OneMoreVote to save the internet!  … Proud to see the @127Wing Selfridge Air National Guard Base honoring the Tuskegee Airmen - our nation's first black military airmen in World War II! … Congratulations to the 44 finalists for Michigan’s Best Bakery! Exciting to see so many delicious treats around the state! @MLive … This unique blue ice is taking over the shorelines of the Straits of Mackinac – Michigan’s beauty continues to amaze me. … Warmest congratulations to Ruth Frezza on joining the Lake Shore High School class of 1938. We are all so proud of your commitment to your family and to receiving your diploma! … @AmericanLegion @LegionInDC #LegionStormsHill had a good conversation with Sen Stabenow.pic.twitter.com/37TqczKsK6 Thanks @CoryBooker and @SenatorTester! We only need #OneMoreVote! Get involved! #SavetheInternet #NetNeutrality … Bill Northey will be a strong leader for Michigan farmers at @USDA. I worked across the aisle to support his nomination & I look forward to working with him to strengthen Michigan ag – our 2nd largest industry!  … If we can get just #OneMoreVote, we can overturn the FCC’s decision to repeal the Open Internet order and #SaveTheInternet #NetNeutralitypic.twitter.com/ZrBazSmpv9 Whether you’re headed to college or not, there are many ways to get training for a good-paying job in Michigan! A key part of my New Skills for New Jobs Agenda helps schools hire more career counselors so we can better connect students with jobs … What a game! Congratulations @MSU_Basketball for winning the Big 10 title! #GoGreen! Congratulations to Melissa Butler on taking @TheLipBar to the national market – great to see your hard work taking your dreams to the next level! … Congratulations @JCAFarmGirl on your new position at USDA! You have been a strong leader in Michigan and I look forward to continuing to work with you to serve our farmers and rural communities. … FFA empowers our students to be future ag leaders! Wishing @MichiganFFA a great #FFAWeek! @greenvilledn  … Excited to see the work of a pop art pioneer, Andy Warhol, at @MottCollege! … Join me and @SenBobCorker in the fight to end slavery and human trafficking. #EndSlaveryAct  … It was so powerful to hear the Parkland students and parents who spoke yesterday at the White House. I absolutely agree that Congress needs to take action now to keep our children safe and stop gun violence. … Was great catching up with @9and10News for their Four Questions at 4:00 series! … From Frankenmuth track star to German bobsled Olympian, Eric Franke continues to make Michigan proud! … The @ShibSibs free dance was incredible! Congrats on your well-deserved bronze medal! … U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow talked about her New Skills for New Jobs plan at #GRCC and met with welding students. @SenStabenowpic.twitter.com/YS8B9nB19U @SenStabenow visited DeWys Mfg. today while in town for her New Skills for New Jobs tour! CEO, Jon DeWys, gave her a tour and introduced her to some of our hard working and skilled team members!pic.twitter.com/BAzfqXz0Ka We need to lift up and support existing partnerships that work with our community colleges, skilled trades and local businesses – this is how we strengthen the future of our workforce in Michigan.pic.twitter.com/tdk0iPyv5x During my small business tour across the state, the number one issue I hear from business owners is the need for workers with the right skills. This is a unique opportunity for students and job seekers and will help businesses meet their needs. @GoogleForEdu #GrowWithGooglepic.twitter.com/MrvXT6efPq I had the wonderful opportunity to meet with the local Plumbers & Pipefitters at their training center in Lansing to continue the announcement of my New Skills for New Jobs Agenda!pic.twitter.com/7VO1tHUh7p Great morning spent with @grcc M-Tech students, faculty and community leaders talking about workforce development and New Skills for New Jobs!pic.twitter.com/YyGbpe1w20 Sen Stabenow talking jobs at GRCCpic.twitter.com/V4ydP6TU30 .@SenStabenow meeting with GRCC welding students before her "New Skills for New Jobs" agenda conference @wzzmpic.twitter.com/5QOacwIMQn Thanks, Jon, for the great tour of @dewysmfg! Your commitment to on-site job training is leading the way!pic.twitter.com/xZD7D9fcfF Happy 10th Anniversary @rightbrainbrew in #TraverseCity. Great brews, great place!pic.twitter.com/j0a7Wnkm0f Excited to talk about my News Skills for New Jobs Agenda with leaders and educators in Traverse City at RJG Inc.!pic.twitter.com/5OtdyZpKMV Great opportunity to get outside this weekend and enjoy free fishing across the state! … It was great to be with key leaders at Randolph Career and Technical Center and Genesee Career Institute today to announce my New Skills for New Jobs Agenda!pic.twitter.com/px1YQ6Sc9M Whether you’re headed to college or not, there are great opportunities to get the training and professional skills you need for a good-paying job right here in Michigan! … Great to join the Detroit Tooling and Machining Association for an important discussion on workforce training and my New Skills for New Jobs Agenda.pic.twitter.com/Bb4R3Zfa1I Great news, Dan! … God bless you, Mr. Rospierski  So excited to see Michigan’s hop industry continue to grow! … Yesterday, I spoke to over 300 Michigan small business owners at the @GS10KSmallBiz Summit! Great to see so many energetic and passionate job creators in one room!pic.twitter.com/NMGUajpmcQ Thoughts and prayers are not enough. This violence is a national emergency! Congress needs to act NOW on gun safety, increased school safety measures, and comprehensive mental health and addiction services. Great to host MI @FarmVetCo President Nick Babcock at a Senate roundtable where he shared how the #FarmBill helps veterans start careers in agriculturepic.twitter.com/68wXOU1N6d Completely agree! … Horrific news and images from the shooting in South Florida. My heart goes out to the students, victims, and their families. Yesterday, I had the opportunity to meet with @VirtueCider and hear more about their success and why they exclusively use Michigan apples! #drinkmichiganapplespic.twitter.com/JCy8EGxRjh This nature center is a great way to highlight the importance of our Great Lakes and showcase our many native species! @detroitzoo  … “This isn’t a serious proposal and is clearly meant to be a distraction,” said Senator Debbie Stabenow, the ranking Democrat on the agriculture committee  The only thing better than a Valentine’s Day love story is one about Olympians from Michigan! Good luck to @Evan_Bates and @chockolate02 during the ice dance competition in #PyeongChang2018! … Sending my deepest condolences to Officer Darren Weathers’ family and loved ones. His heroic service will not be forgotten! … Wishing everyone a Valentine’s Day full of love and appreciation!pic.twitter.com/efVfRIwVf6 We can’t take it for granted that everyone understands how important our Great Lakes are. Clearly, OMB Director Mick Mulvaney and this administration don’t get it.pic.twitter.com/U7bPrN4ymO Warmest congratulations to the @shibsibs, @maiashibutani and @AlexShibutani, as well as their six @TeamUSA members on winning a bronze medal! … "Mr. Van" devoted his life to giving back to others -- both through his business and through his incredible generosity and support for important causes that helped so many families in Michigan. Sending my deepest condolences to the Van Elslander family. … Debbie Stabenow and Debbie Dingell visit patients at Ann Arbor VA hospital  Thank you and Happy Valentine's Day to our veterans at the @VAAnnArbor! W/ @RepDebDingellpic.twitter.com/V0JMJbwgoa President Trump's budget nearly eliminates funding for our Great Lakes. This is outrageous! My full statement:  … Thank you @SenStabenow, @PattyMurray and @RoyBlunt for your leadership in funding critical primary care programs, like community health care centers (CHCs) through September 2019. Millions of Americans will now be able to get the health care they need. Dairy is Michigan’s top commodity, supporting 40,000 jobs in our state. I’m pleased to have secured this much-needed support for our dairy farmers in the bipartisan Senate budget agreement.  … Proud to announce Bipartisan Budget Act includes two-year extension & funding increase for community health centers. More on my efforts w/ @SenStabenow to secure funding for CHCs here:  Michigan is proud to have these talented athletes represent our state and our nation in the Winter @Olympics! #PyeongChang2018 … Circuit Judge Richard Skutt’s service to @waynecountymi will not be forgotten – My deepest condolences to Skutt’s loved ones during this difficult time. … After a long fight, we finally have great news for the Michigan families & veterans who rely on community health centers! Thank you to everyone who has been engaged over the last 130 days since this critical funding expired. Because of your voices, we were able to get this done!pic.twitter.com/jl8xeR6120 So proud that the @USMint and @NatlParksService rolled out a new quarter today featuring Pictured Rocks! It truly is one of the most beautiful places in America!pic.twitter.com/G0f56UwMfX Last August, I got a chance to tour the Kent Career Tech Center and discuss the growing need for skilled workers. I applaud KCTC for creating career & technical education opportunities to help address this ongoing challenge ensure our workers have the skills they need! Whenever I visit businesses in Michigan they all tell me the same thing: they are having trouble finding skilled workers for their open jobs. … "You've got to do more than talk, you've got to act!" - @SenStabenow on the continuing fight for workers' rights "Working men and women need to know someone has their back. That means the right to organize a union and to collectively bargain." - @SenStabenow #UAWCAP "You've been marching since 1935. I want you to know I'm marching with you and we're going to take back this country for working men and women!" - @SenStabenow #UAWCAP Sending my heartfelt condolences to the friends and loved ones of my former colleague Rep. Joe Knollenberg during this difficult time. Congratulations to James Carmody on a well-deserved retirement after 40+ years of service. James’ commitment to Wyoming and years of leadership will be felt for years to come! @WyomingCityHall … Excited to see Rick Klibenski and his impressive collection of vintage vehicles on @americanpickers! … Our veterans shouldn't be at the back of any line including for health care they need. I strongly urged VA Sec Shulkin to address serious problems w/ VA Choice program in MI & introduced the Veterans Deserve Better Act to make important reforms@upnorthlive … Thank you @RoyBlunt for continuing this push with me! … A huge thank you to @SenStabenow and @SenGaryPeters for meeting with Michigan health center advocates on today's National Day of Demonstration! Congress must #FixTheCliff immediately! #RedAlert4CHCs #valueCHCspic.twitter.com/1BjFD1GMNH So many people in Michigan were hurt by the Equifax data breach. It is irresponsible to stop a Consumer Financial Protection investigation that would hold Equifax accountable! … Great to be with Chris and Max, owners of the @MittenBrewingCo!Awesome pizza and beer on Super Bowl Sunday!pic.twitter.com/6qaWc5EWeA Looking forward to watching all these Michiganders in an exciting @SuperBowl game between @Patriots and @Eagles! … "Up North isn't so much a place as it is an attitude." Yoopers work in some of the coldest weather in the U.S. but the beauty of our Upper Peninsula can’t be beat! @Carhartt @MLive … I couldn’t agree more! 680,000 Michiganders need to know their health care will be there for them and their family! … I just met with brave survivors who are committed to efforts to make sure sexual assault in all its forms is understood and stopped. So inspiring!pic.twitter.com/kUzlJPKwUU If you love popcorn like I do, you will love the family-owned Royal Popcorn Co. in Eastpointe!pic.twitter.com/RgAOuSIxOB Great visit to @chesterbootshop in Roseville! Impressive variety of American boots and shoes! pic.twitter.com/obzAMcUFa7 I loved visiting @OwlWineries in Roseville-a great new family owned business using Michigan fruit for amazing wines!pic.twitter.com/FzALvUE01l I love this place! Thanks for the visit, Jennifer!pic.twitter.com/yigAHDnexx No father should be charged for this reaction to his daughters' abuse! … From a Detroit singer to a lead vocalist in The Temptations -- the legendary Dennis Edwards amazed us all with his incredible voice. He will surely be missed. … Thankful to have welcomed @SenStabenow to Trenton today! Local officials, @RepDebDingell, and I showed her the McLouth property and Intl Wildlife Refuge. In between stops, we talked train crossings. She’s committed to working with us to find solutions.pic.twitter.com/TCySG9VNiO We had a great turn out for 2018 Economic Forecast! Special thanks to Debbie Stabenow, Rep Sandy Levin, Mark...   Honoring the best and brightest students, parents, & local businesses for their outstanding achievements in career and technical education. Macomb ISD Superintendent Mike DeVault and his team are really leading the way!pic.twitter.com/YFtVhL3QA8 Officer Glenn Anthony Doss was a Michigan hero – his service to his city will not be forgotten. Sending my deepest condolences to his loved ones and fellow officers. … Wearing red today does more than just raise awareness for women’s heart health – we are working together to eliminate the number one cause of death for women. #GoRedForWomen and help prevent heart disease!pic.twitter.com/TaPgKrFU7l Thank you to Mayor Stack and the @City_of_Trenton for showing me some of the important priority projects for the community. Glad to be your partner!pic.twitter.com/Ze7SYWxMBI Remarkable job Dr. Sij Hemal! Baby Jake and his mother, Toyin Ogundipe, were lucky to have such a talented @UMich grad on their flight! … Thank you for your outstanding service! … Honored to have Jim McCloughan here with me at #SOTU. Looking forward to continuing our work together to support Michigan veterans!pic.twitter.com/57LBPfEkUe Honored to be accompanied by Medal of Honor recipient and Michigan native, James McCloughan, to the State of the Union. Michigan is so proud of Jim’s service to our community and our country.pic.twitter.com/Faojnll8so It is critical children have opportunities to learn about the importance of innovation and entrepreneurship. What a great way to inspire the next generation of inventors! @STEMIECoalition … Michigan Agriculture Leading the Way | Senator Debbie Stabenow:   via @YouTube Last year, I joined @SenFeinstein in sponsoring this bill to protect young athletes from sexual abuse. Thank you to the many brave survivors for speaking out. There is so much more work to do. … Medal of Honor recipient James McCloughan of South Haven will be @SenStabenow guest at the #SOTU   Absolutely beautiful art at Fireworks Glass Studios! Dave and his creative team will help teach you the ancient art of glass blowing so you can make your own masterpiece!pic.twitter.com/3w0rX2cnFB Dawn and her team at Vivee's Floral Garden are working hard to get ready for Valentine's Day. Gorgeous arrangements and Michigan-made chocolates!!pic.twitter.com/Uy0QbRLZLm Cheers to @OldNationBrew in Williamston for brewing one of the top MI beers- the M-43. Thanks to Travis and your family for giving me a tour during this snow day with your kids!pic.twitter.com/5CBwcFAV7S Thank you, Dr. Adam Spina, Superintendent of Williamston Community Schools, for welcoming me to downtown this morning. Go Hornets!pic.twitter.com/KEU4jteqaP This is a fantastic place! Woodland Creek Furniture owners Rob & Gina are making beautiful rustic furniture from exotic woods. Also had great conversation w/ other members of the Acme Business Association!pic.twitter.com/3mhNiQfEa2 pic.twitter.com/ljnoZCeIP6 Thanks to Rick for the great tour of his world-class electric battery manufacturing facility in Midland! American energy and American jobs! Can’t beat it!pic.twitter.com/eGlxIIFwE7 Thank you, Kymberly, for talking about the important health care you received at @UnityHealthCare and for your service to our country. Congress needs to act NOW to renew funding for community health centers that serve our children, veterans, and families. … Thankful for organizations, like the @MSUExtension Conservation Stewards Program, who continue to inspire residents to improve our state’s natural resources! @detroitnews … Thank you @LisaMurkowski for focusing on new vehicle technologies at today’s Energy hearing at the @WashAutoShow. Three out of five of our witnesses today are from Michigan - that’s where the action is!pic.twitter.com/vzScJgOfTJ Great to hear from @CarlaMobility of @CarGroup, Dr. Mihai Dorobantu from @EatonCorp and Britta Gross from @GM on energy innovation and automotive technologies. Michigan is in the house!pic.twitter.com/YAHwUtfjG3 Excited to be at the @WashAutoShow this morning to convene the @EnergyDems hearing on new cutting edge technologies in the auto industry! Almost as good as Detroit.. :-) … As head of Eli Lilly, Alex Azar did nothing to keep down the cost of prescription drugs. In fact, some drugs, like insulin, more than doubled under his watch. That’s the opposite of what we need and why I’m opposing his nomination to lead the Dept. of Health and Human Services!pic.twitter.com/slqGxA5cWt It’s clear that it’s in the best interest of these courageous survivors, their families, and our State for President Lou Anna Simon to resign. Michigan has the workforce, the partnerships and innovative spirit to be the national and global leader in autonomous and connected vehicles. @detroitnews … Congratulations @SenDuckworth! Such exciting and history-making news! … Wow! Congratulations, Kyle! … The Children’s Health Insurance Program and Community Health Centers throughout Michigan work together to provide the medical care that many Michigan children and families need. Both need long-term funding and I am committed to making that happen!pic.twitter.com/ebN4umopJG Thank you, Dr. @MonaHannaA for your leadership and dedication to children and families! … Always great to join your show! … The @FCC decision to overturn #NetNeutrality is terrible for all Americans who want equal access to a free and open internet. Good news today that we only need one more vote in the Senate to reverse the FCC’s ruling! … Great news- the @ChevyTrucks Silverado diesel engine will be built in Flint later this year! @NAIASDetroitpic.twitter.com/f0XboOCI8A Excited the @Ford Ranger is back and will be built at the Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne! #@NAIASDetroitpic.twitter.com/Z2KKu9VTy5 At @NAIASDetroit checking out all new @RamTrucks 1500 and @Jeep Grand Cherokee- both made in Michigan!pic.twitter.com/HC1bbRBJhD Michigan’s U.S. Senators Stabenow & Peters are on the air with @PaulWJRpic.twitter.com/zb3CgTAtHO Starting off my morning at @NAIASDetroit highlighting a terrific partnership between @UMich and @michiganstateu off the court! Great student minds leading research on driverless vehicles and autonomous technologies!pic.twitter.com/TwmgFtQ6uQ Today, we celebrate the life of Martin Luther King Jr. and while it has been 50 years since his passing, Dr. King’s legacy of service and compassion continues to live on. #MLKDaypic.twitter.com/BfWOBoP6tW Congratulations to @LincolnMotorCo! Navigator wins @NACTOY 2018 Truck of the Year award at @NAIASDetroit! Looking forward to a great @MSU_Basketball vs. @umichbball game today -- my son will be on the Maize and Blue side and my daughter and I will be on the other!#GoGreen! Karla owns Benjamin Franklin Plumbing in Howell. She couldn't find workers with the right skills to fill job openings...so she started her own training center! Congratulations to you and your talented team!pic.twitter.com/yX47ZGceHw Thank you, Karen, for selling so many Michigan-made foods, books, and other products @HeartofMich in @downtownhowell! @howellchamberpic.twitter.com/dzCdeTWKo0 Continued my small biz tour in @downtownhowell w/ @howellchamber. Wonderful visit w/Lorna @UptownCoffeeHse. I see why Foursquare called this the best place to grab a coffee with friends in MI!pic.twitter.com/NzrvVPh06W Every year Michigan’s beer scene continues to grow, this year is no exception. I am excited to see Kalamazoo’s local breweries celebrate their eighth Beer Week. #KBW2018 … Thank you to the @ABTBallet for coaching these young ballet students and for encouraging them to follow their dreams. @detroitnews … I love seeing our Michigan entrepreneurs showcasing their products to the national market – good luck to Michelle Winowich as she presents @GOATpetProducts on @ABCSharkTank this weekend. … I am so proud of Laura Grey as she tackles the challenge of learning 8 new languages – her amazing perseverance to never stop learning is an inspiration to us all. … On January 12, 1932, Hattie Wyatt Caraway became the first female to be elected to the U.S. Senate. She was a champion for equality and I thank her for her help in breaking one glass ceiling and paving the way for women for generations to come. One thing we in Michigan know how to do is make the most out of the cold weather – what a fun project that brought together the Belleville community! … Thank you @SenatorCardin for this thoughtful and thorough research outlining Russia's actions and their threat to our democracy. … On this day in 1805, the Michigan Territory was first organized. 213 years later, we are truly lucky to have so many reasons to celebrate our Great Lakes State.pic.twitter.com/CPMCCCu4Ks High-speed internet is not a luxury – it’s a necessity for Michigan businesses, farmers, hospitals and families. Improving access to #broadband in our small towns is one of my top priorities! @MLive … Yet another reason why Congress should vote NOW to fund children’s health insurance – it will save $6 billion if extended for 10 years! … On behalf of #MiHospitals, thank you @SenStabenow for working tirelessly to #SaveCHIP and #KeepKidsCovered! Thank you @SenStabenow and @SenGaryPeters for supporting CHIP!  Children and families should not have to face uncertainty when it comes to their health care coverage. It's time for Congress to #ExtendCHIP long-term. #SaveCHIP Sending wishes for a very happy birthday to my colleague and friend @ChrisVanHollen! Wishing a happy birthday to @RoyBlunt - thank you for being my partner as we lead the effort to get funding for mental health and community health centers! I’m glad to see Michigan mothers coming together to help one another - the Detroit Mama Hub offers the support, education and work spaces that mothers in our state need. … Excited to see a musical legend come to Michigan. Tony Bennett’s music continues to inspire the musical world and his legacy is ‘Just Getting Started!' … Congratulations to @brandon_bye for being named the @NCAA Men's Soccer Division I Scholar Athlete of the Year! I am sure you will make Michigan & @WMUMensSoccer proud at the 2018 Major League Soccer Combine. @MLive … A great idea to help boost local tourism and help people take advantage of the beautiful lakes in our state. @thetimesherald … Great to see farmers, businesses, & nonprofits teaming up to protect our land, water, and Michigan way of life. In the 2018 #FarmBill, I'm committed to strengthening these innovative conservation partnerships! … The next secretary of HHS should be taking on the drug companies to lower prices, not be part of the reason costs are going up for Michigan families and seniors. Alex Azar said he would hit the ground running as HHS secretary. The question is, what direction? While he was at Eli Lilly, the direction was towards higher drug prices! The price of insulin doubled when HHS nominee Alex Azar was a senior executive at Eli Lilly. Today in @SenateFinance I asked him why he approved these price increases. WATCH his answer:pic.twitter.com/AWvFfwQ1Jr Welcome to the Senate Ag Committee, @SenTinaSmith! With the 2018 #FarmBill around the corner, it's an exciting time to be a part of @SenateAgDems. Looking forward to working with you to support our farmers, families, & rural communities! “If we want to truly expand, create jobs all over Michigan, and the quality of life that we want in small towns as well as big cities, you have to have high speed internet,” Sen. Debbie Stabenow said.  I’m very concerned since the Trump Admin has made it clear that Great Lakes funding is not a priority. There are many successful Great Lakes efforts across Michigan that support fishing, boating, hunting & keep our water clean. They are at risk! … Excited for Grand Rapids to host the world-renowned @ChamberMusic Society of Lincoln Center at the @St_Cecilia Music Center next week! … Great to see the @WesternMichU grad, @ofcTimAllen, will be coming home for the 26th annual @ForgottnHarvest Comedy Night later this spring. Such an important cause! … It is so great to see the hard work of the 110th Attack Wing pay off! Warmest congrats again on the exciting activation of the @MINationalGuard Cyber Operations Squadron! … About to speak on the Senate Floor to mark 100 days since Republicans let funding expire for children’s health insurance and community health centers. Tune in!  … On my way back to DC and ready to keep up the pressure to extend funding for children’s health insurance and community health centers. Today marks 100 days since Republicans let that funding expire in September. Unacceptable!pic.twitter.com/O7iXThd7UJ Always great to be with farmers and businesses at the @MichAgBiz Conference & Trade Show! 1 out of 4 Michigan jobs come from this great industry! I’m proud to be their partner!pic.twitter.com/9Kl1rj9a1K The new @MINationalGuard Cyber Operations Squadron is officially activated in #BattleCreek! Honored to partner with our commanders and lead successful delegation effort to help bring critical cyber mission to MI.pic.twitter.com/F6VwjkVD4b These numbers say it all! I hope everyone is able to stay warm as we head into another weekend of this deep freeze. … In Michigan, we know Yoopers are tough, even when it’s -18 degrees! … Our veterans deserve the highest quality of care and should not have to stand at the back of any line. That’s why I championed the effort to open new VA clinics across Michigan & introduced a bill that would fix additional issues so we can reduce wait times & improve health care. I have strongly urged VA Secretary David Shulkin to address the serious problems with the VA Choice program in Michigan. The @DeptVAAffairs is now taking an important step to pay health care providers that treat veterans more quickly. … Warmest congrats to @Claressashields on all her incredible achievements – and for most recently becoming a finalist for the @boxingwriters Female Fighter of the Year Award! … These pictures of winter in Michigan are truly breathtaking! … My Veterans Deserve Better Act will help fix these problems now so our veterans can get health care close to home and in a timely manner. We’ve made progress in opening rural health clinics across Michigan but need to fix serious problems with the 2014 Veterans Choice Program that has failed too many Michigan veterans. … Good luck to @UMichFootball in the @outbackbowl today. Let’s start off the new year with a win for Michigan! Celebrating the New Year is always an exciting moment. As we begin our 2018, I wish you many moments of pure joy and happiness. Happy New Year to all!pic.twitter.com/JsBVFQ8gZl Wishing the best of luck to my alma mater team - @MSU_Football - in the @HolidayBowlGame tonight! #GoGreen Happy Kwanzaa to all our friends celebrating today! Sending wishes for a joyous holiday filled with love.pic.twitter.com/tZ7DWKBiV3 Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone in Michigan this joyous season -- may your celebrations be filled to the rim with joy and love.pic.twitter.com/KXROI9nxvH Good luck to @CMU_Football in the @IDPotatoBowl today! #FireUpChips It’s great seeing just how much people love our state – and to see that population in Michigan is up for the sixth year in a row! … While it would be easy to assume the winter solstice happened a while ago in Michigan, it is indeed today. Happy, official, winter everyone! The Veterans Choice program was created to meet a real need – getting our veterans prompt health care. However, it has not been working. We need to pass my Veterans Deserve Better Act to help ensure those who have served their country can receive the care they earned and need.pic.twitter.com/JNSgx5q48g Our children light up our world! Great to see the Moonbeams for Sweet Dreams program at @BeaumontHealth shining and spreading the holiday spirit for patients and their families. … I love the snow and I can’t wait to go tubing with my grandkids this winter! … Had good meeting with nominee to head Army Corps. Pleased he understood the importance of upgrading Soo Locks & urgent need to finish Brandon Road plan to stop Asian carp. I’ll continue leading the effort to protect our Great Lakes! Exciting and delicious day for people in Grand Rapids as they visit Russo’s Pizza. Good luck to Chef Robert Hesse in the all-star episode of @HellsKitchenFOX! … The beautiful poinsettias at Pinter’s Flowerland Greenhouse mean so much more than just a decoration for the holiday season – for the Pinter family, they are the result of hard work and love. … Having the ‘D’ Drop in @BeaconParkDet on New Year’s Eve is an exciting new first for Detroit! … Our over 10,000 talented young #Dreamers in Michigan are making positive contributions every day - going to college, military service, starting businesses. We need to pass the bipartisan #DreamAct now!pic.twitter.com/DXlKvzsOLT Just wrapped up a meeting with members of @MichiganUnited. So proud to stand with these brave and talented young #Dreamers.pic.twitter.com/3Ef8fKv7r1 Most Americans are skeptical that the Republican tax bill will help them. For hardworking middle class families in #Michigan, the proof is in your paycheck! … Great story on how women get things done – in the boardrooms, in universities and in Congress!  As I told the @Freep, I know from personal experience that women consistently work across the aisle in the Senate to create bipartisan solutions. … We have a responsibility to keep our promises to our veterans -- my Veterans Deserve Better Act is just one way we can make sure our heroes in Michigan can get the care they earned. I spoke with @WBKB11 in Alpena on why the serious problems in the Veterans Choice program have failed many of our veterans and need to be addressed.pic.twitter.com/hxebEXqBTP The great @wwfhc team serve as the family doctor for thousands of MI families, but funding will be cut next month unless Congress acts immediately to extend community health center funding!pic.twitter.com/jgUFjaH13w What a day! We also joined @SenStabenow at @HamiltonCHN in Flint to keep the conversation about health center funding going. Health centers provide quality, cost-effective care to many people who'd otherwise go without. #FixTheCliff #ValueCHCspic.twitter.com/p7Z3WZVTXN This fast approaching new year also means fast approaching notices for some telling them their loved ones may not be able to receive the care they need. Funding for CHIP & community health centers needs to be renewed immediately so we can protect health care for families in MIpic.twitter.com/aphqtrDsXL The 2018 Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore @USPS stamp truly does reflect the great beauty our state has to offer! … My bill will reduce wait times by requiring that veterans get an appointment within five days, making the VA hold contractors accountable, and ensuring that providers get prompt payment from the VA. Read more here!  … It’s clear that the Veterans Choice program has failed many of those it was intended to serve. That’s why I am introducing a new bill, the Veterans Deserve Better Act, to ensure that these serious issues are addressed so that our veterans get the care they deserve. Jerry is not alone in facing issues with the Veterans Choice program. This program was designed to make it easier for veterans to see their doctors, especially veterans who live in rural areas. Jerry contacted my office about this problem and we were able to work with him and Veterans Choice to finally schedule an appointment. But it shouldn’t have taken Jerry five months to get the care he needed, especially for something so scary and serious. I heard from one veteran of the National Guard, Jerry Sorensen, who was diagnosed with a lesion on his brain and needed to see a specialist.  Veterans Care sent him to the wrong doctor not once but twice!  That’s outrageous! I am hearing repeated complaints from veterans, providers, and hospitals across the state of Michigan about serious problems they’re facing with the Veterans Choice program. Our veterans should not have to stand at the back of any line, especially when it comes to seeing their doctors. Today’s FCC vote overturning #NetNeutrality protections is terrible for all Americans who want equal access to a free and open internet. I will introduce a resolution with @SenMarkey and others to reverse this decision! Great to see so many delicious and diverse restaurants in our Motor City! … Good news – after calls from me and other colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Michael Dourson just withdrew his nomination to head the EPA toxic chemical decision. Clearly he was not the right choice for Michigan families! … Hope everyone stays safe and warm as this winter storm comes through our state! … Naloxone is critical in saving the lives of those in Michigan suffering from drug addiction and overdose. The price should be going down - not up! … I strongly oppose Michael Dourson’s nomination to head EPA’s toxic chemical division. His long history of siding w/ industry over public health leaves me with no faith that he would protect Michigan families & our Great Lakes from dangerous chemicals. … Instead of celebrating the holidays, people across the country are losing peace of mind that they will have access to health care. There’s bipartisan support to extend funding for children’s health insurance & community health centers.  Congress should act immediately to do it!pic.twitter.com/flet5L00DI Thank you @MomsRising for all the work you do to make sure moms, children, and families get the health care they need. You’re the true heroes! #ExtendCHIPpic.twitter.com/w0usw5RxNS Thank you for your continued support of FFAR @SenStabenow. Support for food and agriculture research protects the productivity of our farms and food system. … "This shouldn't be about politics. It's about people and keeping our promises to the children who rely on CHIP." Thanks @SenStabenow for your leadership in calling on Congress to #ExtendCHIPpic.twitter.com/kDAag8mmpr Happening now! Our member, Connie, is on the Hill with @SenStabenow to talk about why we need to #ExtendCHIP! Watch:  … #CHIPworkspic.twitter.com/VF5GIRt2S5 It’s been 74 days since Republicans let funding expire for children’s health insurance and community health centers. Congress needs to act TODAY to make sure children and families can still get health care!pic.twitter.com/ztbDvFscuy We’re joined by @MomsRising member Connie Cavara, a nurse and mom from Pittsburgh whose children receive medical care through CHIP, and Kymberly Renee Grafton, a Naval Reserves veteran who receives health care at @UnityHealthCare in DC. Their stories are so important! Starting now - tune in! … Tune in at 1:15pm: I’m joining @SenBobCasey and @MazieHirono to urge Congress to immediately extend funding for children’s health insurance and community health centers. Watch live: … Wishing my Jewish friends a very happy #Hanukkah filled with happiness and love as they light the first candle on the menorah tonight.pic.twitter.com/FVAPC7inpj The Republican tax plan gives the wealthy a tax break and pays for it on the backs of our seniors. That’s outrageous! … Another week has gone by and the crucial funding for our community health centers and #CHIP still has not been renewed -- making it over 70 days! We need to act before the new year so we can continue to protect our families and children in Michigan. … Thank you @SenStabenow for working with @RoyBlunt to extend critical funding for community health centers! The federally qualified health centers are important for our #CitiesWithHeart Initiative in Nashville. Last year, FQHCs helped 152,857 individuals in Nashville alone. Thank you, @KelsMontagueArt, for creating this beautiful piece of art that captures the angels and essence of Detroit. @WOdetroit #WhatLiftsYou … Proud of Michigan’s very own "world's shortest dunker" for joining the Harlem Globetrotters! @WGGotBounce … It is critical we renew funding for CHIP and critical community health centers before we see our families and children in Michigan lose the ability to get the care they need. If Congress doesn’t come together before the new year, more than 680,000 Michiganders and 100,000 children in Michigan will be at risk of losing their access to health care.pic.twitter.com/21amZcnASy The EPA should do whatever it can to help the State of Michigan address the serious health threats facing families who have been exposed to these chemicals. Yesterday, my colleagues in Michigan joined me in calling for a strong EPA role in addressing water contamination across our state including Belmont and several military installations.pic.twitter.com/ntmDD7Zw8l On the 76th anniversary today, we honor and thank all our heroes of Pearl Harbor and those who served in WWII. Your bravery and sacrifice will never be forgotten.pic.twitter.com/xmXhvU39Gq Today, I announced the bipartisan Veterans Preventive Health Coverage Fairness Act that gives our veterans the same preventive health insurance coverage as the general public – taking us one step closer to keeping our promises to our veterans.  … Forcing our veterans in Michigan who rely on VA care to pay for preventive services and medications while others receive them for free is simply unacceptable! Republicans promised middle-class families at least $4,000 more in wages from their tax plan. Well, the proof is in their paychecks -- they had another opportunity to guarantee that promise and ONCE AGAIN chose not to do it!pic.twitter.com/69uGq9lQv7 We're glad to be joined now by @SenStabenow. Tune in to @wjrradio or watch the live stream at   #SAYDetroit #radiothon A big congratulations to east Kentwood’s Haris Dzafic for being one of the nation’s top goalkeepers! … Sexual harassment is unacceptable. I believe Senator Franken should do the right thing and resign. Looking forward to seeing these beautiful snowy owls around the state this winter! … Thank you @SenStabenow for meeting today with @DucksUnlimited, and for your continued strong support for #NAWCA, #GLRI and Great Lakes water! #DucksontheHill2017pic.twitter.com/eVLyVh13Dm Glad to see we are teaching students a skillset that is in such high demand in our state – great job @STCLAIRTEC for encouraging students to get hands-on training. @thetimesherald … Warmest congratulations to our 110th Attack Wing from the Battle Creek @MINationalGuard on receiving the prestigious Air Force Outstanding Unit Award. We are honored by your accomplishments and dedication to keeping Michigan and our country safe. … Thanks @SenGaryPeters for standing up for Michigan families and consumers! I joined @SenGaryPeters in calling on President Trump to nominate a strong advocate for consumer protection to lead the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The next CFPB leader should help crack down on bad actors who are trying to take advantage of middle-class families in MI!pic.twitter.com/TSMqFWpPZC The CHIP Program Is Beloved. Why Is Its Funding in Danger?  Today, Pres. Trump announced plans to pull 88% of Forest Service land from #BearsEars National Monument–even though the agency didn't recommend removing any acreage. Read @SenStabenow & @SenBennetCO’s letter on this unprecedented move. #MonumentsforAll  … Best of luck @stephenclark, as you begin a new chapter filled with more music and cherished time with family! … It’s an honor to receive the @NationalGrange’s Champion of Rural America award, presented by MI Grange President Chris Johnston. This great organization has served our small towns and rural communities for over 150 years!pic.twitter.com/Gx6MTiukPu It has been over two months since #CHIP funding expired. What happens next if Congress doesn’t act now? Hardworking families in Michigan won’t be able to afford to take their children to the doctor as early as Jan. Completely unacceptable!pic.twitter.com/YtCjsiU5U8 When 25 million people lose their health care it isn’t a political issue – it’s personal. We must work together right now to ensure our families in MI can get the care they need in the new year. Yet, Rs continue to let the days go w/o renewing funding for community health centerspic.twitter.com/zYtroDuNUZ Generations of @MtPleasantMI families will remember this Christmas tradition. I’m glad to see it back up for the whole city to enjoy! … Great seeing our @DetroitPistons gaining momentum in their first season playing at @LCArena_Detroit! … Tyree Guyton and @HeidelbergProj capture Detroit’s diverse communities and draws attention to many of the city’s neighborhoods through art. Happy to see this great project get an update. … After 106 years, Dorothy Wilson still hasn’t lost her love for life. Her motto to “never look down on anyone else,” are words we should all live by. Happy birthday Dorothy! … A huge congratulations to all of the outstanding recipients of @MichFarmBureau’s Young Farmer Awards! Michigan thanks you for your innovative contributions to our agriculture community.   … .@TheFrauenthal can expect another impressive performance by Mona Shores High School Choir. Absolutely love seeing our community come together for this longstanding Christmas tradition! … Thank you, my friend, for your life-time of dedication and service to Michigan. @repsandylevin … My statement on tonight's vote on the Republican tax bill:pic.twitter.com/xRWGjbAAwN If Republicans are going to start writing things in the margins of the bill they should start with guaranteeing $4,000 for middle-class families in MI!pic.twitter.com/jEU6HJlkZS The Republicans are promising middle-class families at least $4000 more in their paychecks with their tax plan. I think they should guarantee it, if they mean it!pic.twitter.com/yAYZge3zmS This Republican tax bill hurts our middle-class families in Michigan. In this plan, big businesses could keep on deducting state and local taxes, but middle-class families can't. How does that make sense??pic.twitter.com/NJJG5d71sA Thank you @AARPAdvocates for your opposition to this irresponsible     tax bill. Massive cuts to Medicare are terrible for seniors! … Did you know that the Republican tax bill could trigger $25 billion in cuts to Medicare next year? This is outrageous and an attack on seniors in #Michigan and elsewhere! Tax giveaways for the wealthy should not be paid for on the backs of seniors! … Michigan families deserve better than this tax bill. You deserve real reform that creates jobs, increases wages, and puts more money in your pocket. If Republicans are serious about putting more money in the pockets of the middle class, they should support my amendment. The proof is in your paycheck! That’s why I’ve offered an amendment that will ensure that the benefits of this tax bill go to the middle class. Under my amendment, if the average household wage doesn’t go up by at least $4000 by the beginning of 2020, the corporate tax rate would return to its current level. The White House promised that the average American family would get a $4000 raise under this tax bill. Well, the proof is in their paychecks. And it would balloon our deficit and give Republicans an excuse to make huge cuts to Medicare and Social Security. It would cause health insurance premiums to go up by 10 percent while 13 million fewer people would have coverage. It increases taxes on 87 million Americans who earn less than $200,000. There’s no question we need tax reform that creates jobs, helps small businesses, and puts more money in the pockets of middle-class families in Michigan. Unfortunately, that is not what this Republican bill does. I’m about to speak on the Senate Floor about the upcoming vote on the Republican tax bill, which will hurt middle-class families in Michigan.  Watch live here:  …. Outrageous that because of the Republican tax bill, 1 in 5 seniors could see no benefit or a tax increase next year! @AARPAdvocates … AARP CANNOT support the tax bill in its current form. [thread]   We just sent a letter to all 100 Senators. Here are our concerns. … Must read from @WhatToExpect on the almost 9 million children who would lose their health care if Congress doesn’t act! … "Uncle Ron” is adding pep to the step of passersby in Saginaw – I’d love to hear his talent next time I’m in town! … It would be great to see a mass timber building on the beautiful campus of my alma mater. I am glad the Timber Innovation Act I introduced earlier this year is giving a push to make more of these buildings a reality in Michigan and elsewhere. … Great article from @Foodandwine highlighting the up and coming beer scene in Detroit -- Excited to try @foundersbrewing’s new brewery in the Motor City. … It is outrageous that 37% of residents in rural MI do not have access to high speed internet. Broadband should not be a luxury in our nation. It is critical that we provide high speed broadband in #FarmBill18 for our farmers and families who need this technology to make a living. … A special congratulations to Buena Vista's Police Department for promoting their first female sergeant! Sgt. Tonya Norris, Michigan is proud of your dedication and love for the community! @MLive … Republicans in Congress should also act NOW on our bipartisan bill to extend critical funding for CHIP! There is no time to waste! I have a bipartisan bill with @RoyBlunt to reauthorize critical funding for community health centers that is supported by 70 Senators.  There’s no reason we cannot act NOW to pass it!  … January will also be a bad month for Michigan’s community health centers. Nearly 20,000 people will lose access to health care if Congress doesn’t act. Last year, Michigan’s community health centers treated more than 680,000 patients, including 12,710 veterans. 97 percent of kids in Michigan can see a doctor today, the highest percentage ever. We cannot backtrack on the progress we have made and we cannot turn our backs on families who rely on the children’s health insurance program! Many states are preparing to shut down their children’s health programs if Congress doesn’t act soon. That means wait lists, cancellation notices, and kids across the country not being able to see their doctors.   … In Michigan, 100,000 children are covered by MIChild. Yet unless Congress acts soon, MIChild will begin running out of funding as early as January. It has been nearly two full months since Republicans let funding expire for the Children’s Health Insurance Program and community health centers, even though there is bipartisan support for these programs. This is bad for our seniors and nearly half of the 600k Michigan veterans who are covered through Medicare! … Tune in: I’m speaking on the Senate floor now about the need to extend critical funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program and community health centers!  Watch here:  … Great to meet with our Wayne County prosecutor @PAKymWorthy. So proud of her work!pic.twitter.com/oCJrjwi6Tn I remain committed to tax reform that makes it easier to do your taxes, puts more money back in your pocket and actually helps our small businesses, manufacturers and farmers. This Republican bill falls short! The Republican tax bill also would allow big businesses to deduct their state and local taxes, including property taxes, from their tax bill. But,   when you’re doing your taxes, you would no longer be allowed to deduct your state and local taxes! For example, the Republican tax bill keeps a tax loophole allowing corporations to write off their expenses when they ship jobs overseas but if you are moving to Michigan to take a new job, this bill eliminates your tax deduction for moving expenses! It’s becoming more and more clear every day: this tax bill is a huge giveaway to the wealthy. Republicans can’t hide the fact that it hurts middle-class families! … Republicans just voted a tax bill out of the Budget Committee that will hurt many Michigan families and communities. … Ag research is key to the continued success of Michigan agriculture – our state’s 2nd largest industry. My biggest priority in #FarmBill18 is continuing to support Michigan’s farmers and families. @detroitnews … Congratulations to Martin Lowenberg who will be receiving the Rotary Foundation Distinguished Service Award. Your courage and optimism continue to inspire all who hear your story. … Warmest congratulations to our first responders receiving awards at the Detroit Public Safety Foundation’s Above and Beyond Awards and thank you for keeping Detroit safe. @detroitnews … It’s great that the 10 Cents A Meal for School Kids and Farms program is expanding to more schools -- providing our children with fresh, healthy food and promoting our Michigan-grown agriculture. … .@SenGaryPeters and I are raising the alarm over the US Army Corps’ delay in finalizing a critical study to combat Asian carp.  We need action now to protect our Great Lakes!  Read our letter here:   …pic.twitter.com/hClu9CRdVp Special thoughts and blessings to  @USNavy Airman Albert Rybarczyk's family as he is  finally laid to rest in peace here at home. … Small businesses create the majority of new jobs and support our communities – Shopping #SmallBizSat today is just one way to keep them strong and growing!pic.twitter.com/a0WmbAWnxs pic.twitter.com/fxFW6XIQfN Happy birthday to my friend and colleague @RepDebDingell! Thank you for all you do for Michigan! Great news! Just-released Senate appropriations bill includes full funding for the Great Lakes! Thanks to everyone who has spoken out on the importance of this funding- keep the push going! I’ll continue to lead the effort to make sure this passes the Senate. Great article from @MIWildlife highlighting the successful conservation story of our wild turkeys in Michigan. … So exciting to see Rockford High School Marching Band will be performing at the @Macys #ThanksgivingDayParade. Thanks for making Michigan proud! … Glad that Detroit will be the third city in the U.S. to house a velodrome for bicycle racing -- bringing more opportunities for fitness and sports activities to our community! … A neat look at the creative @ParadeCo before our America’s Thanksgiving Parade in Detroit this week! … Deepest gratitude to @bwhabitat, @OCRoofingLLC and @Martinocomp for providing the much deserved new roof for @USNavy veteran Michelle Kantz. … I absolutely love seeing the city of Detroit supporting our small businesses this holiday season! … In the 2014 #FarmBill, I created a new approach to protect our land and water through #RCPP. Great to see the Grand Rapids project will help more people enjoy fishing and kayaking which support and strengthen our local economy! … Exciting news from @MSUExtension on their new urban ag research facility! This research hub will be invaluable to Detroit. … Great read from @toddcarmichael  @LaColombeCoffee in @freep! … Thanks to @SenStabenow and staff for meeting with TU and UT ranchers to get an update on the success of @usbr's System Conservation Pilot Project--a great win-win program that benefits both agriculture and rivers!pic.twitter.com/ciF8EkJnJY My statement on last night’s vote on the Republican tax bill in @SenateFinance:pic.twitter.com/J2k2oZuDN4 Michigan has so many delicious restaurants – great to see Trattoria Stella recognized by @MLive for its true Italian delicacies and unique ambiance! … Heartwarming story of dedication to country and friendship. Thank you @USMC Master Sgt. William Cox for all you and First Sgt. James Hollingsworth sacrificed to protect our nation. … Andrew’s on the Corner is so much more than just a bar, restaurant and occasional shuttle service to @LCaesarsArena_Detroit. It’s a great small business that sits in a building celebrating 130 years in Detroit’s history. … The headline speaks for itself… … The allegations against Senator Franken are serious and unacceptable. There should be an ethics investigation. Tonight in @senatefinance I asked whether the Republican tax bill does anything to bring down health care or prescription drug costs or help people with preexisting conditions. The answer? No.pic.twitter.com/BdtTTPNSSp We’re missing a real opportunity to work together on tax reform that help Michigan small businesses, manufacturers, and middle class families. It's outrageous that Republicans are trying to take away your health care to pay for tax giveaways to the wealthiest one percent. This is a one-two punch to middle-class families in Michigan!pic.twitter.com/QPPHHuReCu The Lake Okonoka project is another wonderful example of how Great Lakes funding will improve fishing, kayaking, and canoeing opportunities for families and visitors on and around Belle Isle. … What a great story from the @detroitnews on the rich history of Kern’s clock that now extends all the way to the UP! … Deer hunting is part of our outdoor heritage and family traditions. Good luck to my son and all the hunters out there. Stay safe! … We should be working together in a bipartisan way instead of moving forward with this bill! While someone being transferred from Grand Rapids to Detroit for work is unable to write off moving costs, Republicans are keeping a tax loophole that lets companies that ship jobs overseas write off their moving costs.pic.twitter.com/fZp4j70Oe2 Wishing our @MSU_Basketball #Spartans the best of luck tonight as they take on the Duke #BlueDevils  … Deeply disturbing that Alex Azar, the President’s nominee to be the next HHS Secretary, is a former drug company executive. How can we expect him to be tough on drug companies and bring down prescription drug prices for Michigan families? … The ‘Shop Where Your Heart Is’ initiative is truly a great way to support our small businesses in Lansing this holiday season! … Too many families have lost loved ones to opioid addiction. Last week, I spoke with @WSJM on why I’m urging the Trump Administration to work with Congress to provide funding to effectively battle the opioid epidemic. This support is critical for families in Michigan. … It was an honor and a pleasure to once again be part of the special Great Lakes National Cemetery #VeteransDay Ceremonypic.twitter.com/AScAPFJz1O Congratulations, Mr. Ambassador! I know you will make Michigan and our nation proud! … Warmest congratulations to Vanessa O’Brien, from Detroit, on her incredible accomplishment of reaching the summit of the ‘The Savage Mountain’ … Sending happy birthday wishes to my friend, @SenSherrodBrown though I’ll be wishing for a @MSU_Football #Spartans victory over his @OhioStateFB #Buckeyes this Saturday! Nothing to see here. Just our own Ice-P strolling the halls of the U.S. Senate yesterday to thank @SenStabenow and her staff for all their work to protect the #ArcticRefuge! THANK YOU! #ProtectTheArcticpic.twitter.com/MUkiPrk6Z4 