Senator Grassley’s office has run the most partisan and least transparent Supreme Court process in history. No one should trust the result of this partisan exercise. The non-partisan FBI should be investigating, not his staff. … These women deserve to be heard in a fair way and their claims must be properly investigated.  Republicans need to immediately suspend the proceedings related to Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination and the president must order the FBI to re-open the background check investigation.pic.twitter.com/zkXHRJ4kHN If our Republican colleagues proceed without an investigation, it would be a travesty for the honor of the Supreme Court and our country. I strongly believe Judge Kavanaugh should withdraw from consideration. If he will not, at the very least, the hearing and vote should be postponed while the FBI investigates all of these allegations. There are now multiple, corroborated allegations against Judge Kavanaugh, made under the penalty of perjury, all of which deserve a thorough investigation. Given the latest allegations against Judge Kavanaugh, Republicans need to immediately suspend the proceedings related to his nomination, and the president must order the FBI to reopen the background check investigation. Leader McConnell owes an apology to Dr. Ford for labeling her allegations a “smear job.” And he should apologize to her immediately. We must respect these women and Judge Kavanaugh by handling these allegations with the seriousness that they deserve.  …pic.twitter.com/qVqy0pd4ag If President Trump and Senate Republicans are so certain the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh aren’t true, then why are they blocking the FBI from reopening the background check and investigating—a routine practice for judicial nominees?   What are they hiding? There is only one way to get to the bottom of these allegations against Judge Kavanaugh and prevent the nation from being thrown into further turmoil: an independent background check investigation by the FBI. Dr. Ford says she can testify Thursday, but Republicans can’t wait that long. What is 1 extra day for serious allegations and a lifetime appointment? They clearly don’t want a hearing, like they don’t want an FBI investigation. Congratulations to the more than 500 @DiscoveryIncTV volunteers who are working hard across New York City today with nearly 20 service projects from @BestFriends Animal Society, to @FoodBank4NYC, and many others. #OurImpact Generals Kelly, Mattis and numerous other White House and cabinet officials have been reported to say critical things of the president without being fired. This New York Times report must not be used as a pretext for the corrupt purpose of firing Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein in order to install an official who will allow the president to interfere with the Special Counsel’s investigation. A highly offensive misunderstanding of surviving trauma. 1000s & 1000s of strong women have kept being assaulted to themselves for a variety of understandable reasons. The president doesn't even try to understand trauma survivors—he'd rather use their pain for political purposes. … Un año después de que el huracán Maria devastó a Puerto Rico y las Islas Vírgenes de EEUU, recordamos aquellos que perdimos—por causa de la tormenta y inadecuada respuesta federal. La recuperación sigue. Asegurémonos que los fondos que el congreso aprobó sean usados para bien.pic.twitter.com/xwyHL0Tzpq 1 year since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico & US Virgin Islands, we remember those we lost—to the storm & the inadequate, disorganized federal response. The recovery is far from over. We must ensure the billions Congress passed are used well & quickly to rebuild stronger.pic.twitter.com/znLentF2PC We have to set an example for the rest of the nation that we will not dismiss a survivor’s claims, and we will not whitewash and sweep under the rug a victim of sexual misconduct just for the convenience of a timetable.pic.twitter.com/9qiurPuOmU In 1991, Senate Republicans said an FBI investigation was the “the very right thing to do” – but now, those same Republicans insist the FBI cannot investigate whether Judge Kavanaugh committed sexual assault. Why?pic.twitter.com/75dk6GCZMH Dr Ford reasonably requested FBI bkgd check before she testifies so all the facts come out instead of just 2 conflicting stories w/o a resolution.   GOP delayed Merrick Garland for nearly a yr & now we can’t have short pause to get the facts?Give me a break. What are they hiding? If you are a survivor of sexual assault, you are not alone. We stand with you. We believe you. And if you need to talk, you can call 800-656-HOPE to reach a national, confidential helpline 24/7. Dr. Ford’s life has already been badly disrupted by death threats and other intimidation. She deserves to be treated with respect and fairness by the Senate. Senate Republicans and the White House should drop their inexplicable opposition to an FBI investigation, allow all the facts to come out, and then proceed with a fair process in the Senate. Dr. Ford’s call for the FBI to investigate also demonstrates her confidence that when all the facts are examined by an impartial investigation, her account will be further corroborated and confirmed. I strongly support Dr. Ford’s call for an FBI investigation before a hearing is held. An immediate FBI investigation is not only consistent with precedent, it is also quite clearly the right thing to do. The FBI tells us that the White House needs to direct them to re-open their background investigation into Judge Kavanaugh. Now, the White House is saying it is up to the FBI. What are they trying to hide? … Chairman Grassley's announced hearing on Judge Kavanaugh is a small step: It has to be done right. It can’t be rushed. There must be witnesses. The FBI should be given time to re-open its background investigation. And Senators must have the necessary information before a vote. Wishing an easy fast and blessed, meaningful day to all observing Yom Kippur. Long Island veterans stood on the frontlines for America. When it comes to @NorthportVAMC’s urgently-needed repair and staff needs, they should be at the front of the line for funding.  …pic.twitter.com/pRtymmp84U Wishing the @USAirForce a very happy 71st birthday! Thank you for all of your incredible contributions to our country and a special thanks to the members of New York’s @AirNatlGuard who help keep our state and nation safe. #USAF #FlyFightWin The White House understands very well that we aren’t asking to open a criminal investigation, but to have the FBI re-open and complete the standard background investigation for someone who has been nominated for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. We need the FBI to step forward and ensure that the Senate and American public have complete information about this troubling alleged incident before a hearing is held. Instead of having the FBI investigate these serious allegations as part of the standard background investigation process, the White House has intentionally chosen to bury its head in the sand and make weak excuses. … I believe Professor Ford. If the FBI conducts a thorough investigation and the American people hear from her and Judge Kavanaugh, I think a majority of senators will find her credible.   Thanks to @theview for having me on today to have this very important discussion. … Senate Republicans ran a transparently partisan confirmation process and then immediately insinuated Prof Ford is being untruthful. They cannot impartially investigate these disturbing allegations. That must be done by the FBI, and the vote must be postponed until it is complete. To railroad a vote now would be an insult to the women of America and the integrity of the Supreme Court. Judge Kavanaugh’s credibility has already been seriously questioned because of his answers regarding Manny Miranda, Judge Pryor, and other issues during his time in the Bush White House, and now his credibility is even more suspect. Re: WaPo report on Judge Kavanaugh, Sen Grassley must postpone vote until, at a very minimum, these serious & credible allegations are thoroughly investigated.  For too long,when women have made serious allegations of abuse, they have been ignored.That cannot happen in this case. Usted le debe una disculpa a las 3000 familias en Puerto Rico. Deje sus ataques vergonzosos contra nuestros compatriotas fallecidos y enfóquese en su respuesta al huracán Florence. You owe 3,000 families in Puerto Rico an apology. Stop the shameful attack on deceased fellow Americans and focus on the response to Hurricane Florence. … On questions where Judge Kavanaugh felt he had something positive to say abt himself or his record, he responded. On every other Q - incl those abt women's constitutional rights, unchecked pres power, & protections for people with pre existing conditions - he simply stonewalled. Judge Kavanaugh’s responses to follow up questions from Democrats on the Judiciary Committee is just another exercise in selective secrecy. The new executive order certainly does not absolve the Senate from passing much-needed legislation and funding to beef up our election security and prevent future attacks on our democracy from foreign adversaries. Given what @realDonaldTrump did in Helsinki, giving himself the option of levying tough sanctions is hardly reassuring. … Este comentario del presidente es ofensivo, hiriente, y descaradamente falso.  Casi 3,000 de nuestros compatriotas murieron en Puerto Rico después del huracán María. Esto es todo lo contrario a un “éxito”. This is an offensive, hurtful and blatantly false comment from the president.  Nearly 3,000 of our fellow citizens died in Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria. That is the complete opposite of “success.” … We will always fight to make sure our government fully honors the sacrifices of our brave first responders and the memories of those we have lost.  #NeverForget As @USATODAY reported, “By the end of 2018, many expect that more people will have died from their toxic exposure from 9/11 than were killed on that terrible Tuesday.”  That’s why I was proud to have worked to pass the #Zadroga Act to take care of their health and offer our first responders justice. New Yorkers and the rest of the country will #NeverForget the bravery so many showed - especially our first responders - on that terrible day. 17 years ago, my city and our country changed forever. Today, we remember the sacrifice & loss of those on and after #September11th. #NeverForget Shana Tova to New Yorkers and all who are celebrating #RoshHashanah! The extent of these misstatements is extremely disturbing, and this is what we’ve found in only the small portion of his record Republicans have released. Given what we’ve heard this week, they should immediately release the rest of his White House records. Fifth, the judge appears to have misled us regarding what he knew about emails stolen from the Senate Dems by a Republican operative.  The judge claims he didn’t knew they were stolen, but that seems increasingly implausible.   See Sen Leahy’s explanation: … Fourth, Judge Kavanaugh said that he didn’t personally work on the extremely controversial nomination of Judge William Pryor, but new records tell a different story.  Dozens of emails show Judge Kavanaugh was personally involved.  @washingtonpost explains: … Third, Judge Kavanaugh claimed that he only learned of President Bush’s warrantless surveillance program when it became public, but an email suggests he knew about a memo providing the justification for the White House’s authorization of the program. Second, Judge Kavanaugh repeatedly denied knowledge of the Bush Administration’s policy on detention and interrogation of combatants. But emails released this week indicate that he had meetings on the subject, reviewed talking points, and opined on legal strategy. For example, a document produced for the Committee shows that Kavanaugh was told about the fact that a potential nominee for the Fifth Circuit was “pro-life.” … First, in his 2004 hearing, he told Sen Feinstein that the WH didn’t know about potential judicial nominees’ views on abortion in the vast majority of cases. But recently released emails show that he was often told about & discussed nominees’ views and ideology, including on Roe. It is becoming increasingly clear that Judge Kavanaugh has misled the Senate Judiciary Committee in a number of ways. This should raise immediate red flags for all Senators and the American public. Today’s @nytimes editorial perfectly sums up Judge Kavanaugh’s  confirmation hearings: Judge Kavanaugh can’t be trusted.  The most interesting part of these hearings may have been in what Judge Kavanaugh declined to do – pledge to uphold Roe or Casey, defend those with pre-existing conditions, or reassure the country that he will be willing to hold President Trump accountable. Instead of answering questions, Judge Kavanaugh spent 30 hours dodging questions and saying as little as possible, despite the fact that the president has vastly overreached his power and promised to appoint a Justice that would overturn Roe v. Wade. This week, Judiciary Committee Democrats were able to shine a bright light - for the American people & Republican Senators to see - on Judge Kavanaugh’s troubling views on women’s rights, presidential power, and protections for people with pre-existing conditions. Oklahoma Teacher Melissa Smith shares the real-life impacts of Judge Kavanaugh’s decisions on her students and fellow teachers. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/CalYOG0wlh Prof Murray: We've seen claim Roe is “settled law” from Roberts. Yet "...he voted to uphold a statutory scheme that would have shuttered 75% of the clinics in Texas. If this is what it looks like to respect precedent and treat Roe as settled law then these are empty promises.”pic.twitter.com/zDlquYLphI Alicia Baker, citing Judge Kavanaugh's previous ruling on contraception access: “If [he] had his way, courts would give free reign to those that claim their religious beliefs override the law...I fear that some will use this not to protect religion but as a way to discriminate.”pic.twitter.com/btEh2FXDLF Hunter LaChance: "I'm deeply concerned that if Judge Kavanaugh is on the Supreme Court, he would vote to weaken laws that protect my health. Because he already has." #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/rcKHidMz67 .@RepRichmond: "As Members of the CBC, we cannot overstate #WhatsAtStake for African Americans and communities of color... A careful, in-depth evaluation of #StopKavanaugh's record...uncovers writings that illustrate sparse commitment to equal protection under the law."pic.twitter.com/IU0PmtFRqn “I'm Jackson, & I speak for the children..I have met so many children with special health care needs who are unable to speak for themselves. I wanted to be their voice."   “I’m not only speaking for the children anymore. Today especially, I speak for everyone.” #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/Ayk0xi2lKk Parkland Survivor Aalayah Eastmond shares her harrowing story, concluding: I'm very concerned regarding Brett Kavanaugh's views on guns. Too many dangerous & prohibited people continue to be able to readily access & use dangerous weapons to terrorize Americans. Remember my story.pic.twitter.com/jRQOgEgc0E Loved seeing @WalkwayOvertheHudson featured in @NYTimes as one of the best star gazing trips to take in the US. I couldn't agree more! And if you head over to tomorrow's #STARWALK, you'll be joined by a real, live NASA astronaut!    …pic.twitter.com/OxTA37vzYz BREAKING: Brett Kavanaugh was asked in 2004 about whether he was involved in the nomination of Bill Pryor. He said “I was not involved in handling his nomination"  Newly released emails show that's not true. Asked about how Pryor's interview went, he replied "CALL ME."pic.twitter.com/63Wb5uY95G WATCH: Senate Republicans tried to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s record on key issues like women’s constitutional rights, race, executive power, and more.   @SenateDems are fighting back.pic.twitter.com/VzZBNJ2CqH I stand w/ Judiciary Committee Democrats who are well within their rights to release these very important documents that a former Kavanaugh deputy designed as “committee confidential.”  The American ppl deserve to know the truth about Judge Kavanaugh’s record. #WhatAreTheyHiding? One year ago today, the Trump admin unilaterally rescinded the #DACA program – leaving hundreds of thousands of Dreamers uncertain about their futures. That's 365 days too many.   It's time these immigrant youth get the permanent solution they so rightly deserve. #HereToStay Republicans are trying to jam through, with as little scrutiny as possible, a lifetime appointment to the nation’s highest court, with the power to affect the lives of Americans for a generation.   We will not consent to business as usual today on the Senate floor.pic.twitter.com/URxQcXbozK If Brett Kavanaugh truly believes the president isn’t above the law, he should have said the president must comply with a subpoena. There’s no reason Brett Kavanaugh couldn’t have given a straight answer.pic.twitter.com/mD2I5RtET4 Pleased to announce $1.4 million in federal funding for the City of Newburgh Fire Department - a big victory for Newburgh!   I've seen firsthand during the Verla fire & countless other times the work these firefighters do. We need them back on the job ASAP  …pic.twitter.com/uHhqKC13hV It's only fitting that questioning of Judge Kavanaugh & oral arguments in GOP's lawsuit to take away protections for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions both begin today.  Why? Because GOP is using his nom as back door to take away these vital health care protections. #WhatsAtStake Judge Kavanaugh should affirm the real “Ginsburg Standard” today by standing up for women’s constitutional rights.  But he won’t.  #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/1h2FmSV8iM .@SenWhitehouse to Judge Kavanaugh: “your own words make clear you don't really believe Roe vs. Wade is settled law.”pic.twitter.com/YOEQXRCzdO Because of SCOTUS decision in Brown v. Board, 61 yrs ago the brave Little Rock Nine were empowered to desegregate their school.  Today I invited one of them –Carlotta Walls LaNier– to witness Kavanuagh's hearing. She's a living testament to the importance of the Supreme Court.pic.twitter.com/s5MGzFrwTT WATCH: Senate Republicans are taking “unprecedented” steps to jam through the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court – and Senate Democrats are fighting back. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/7EkmSGQmrS .@SenBooker: On the Supreme Court, Judge Kavanaugh would impact "so many of the areas of American life from civil rights to women's rights, to access to health care." - and Republicans are forcing a hearing without the vast majority of his record. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/gvIe7C8I36 GRASSLEY: “Reviewing Judge Kavanaugh's Staff Secretary documents would teach us nothing about his legal views.” KAVANAUGH IN 2015: Time as Staff Secretary “among the most interesting and most formative for me.” #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/F1vBOdceLj .@SenAmyKlobuchar: “Executive privilege has *never* been invoked to block the release of presidential records to the Senate during a Supreme Court nomination.”  Until now. Until Judge Kavanaugh. #WhatAreTheyHidingpic.twitter.com/SkndsgbmPz Senate Republicans demanded they be able to review materials and questions to review Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination.  .@maziehirono calls them out: “That is unprecedented. That is not regular order.”pic.twitter.com/7yhWmxTsVO .@SenWhitehouse explains why Democrats are fighting to adjourn the Kavanaugh hearing TODAY: because “at the end of this hearing, it is too late to consider it.”pic.twitter.com/2d2BCA4RYk .@SenBooker calls out Judiciary Committee Republicans for violating their own stated values to advance Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. He calls for a vote on the motion to adjourn.pic.twitter.com/qHaVoWAweC Republicans know this has been the least transparent SCOTUS process in history and the hearings should be delayed until we can fully review Judge Kavanaugh’s records.  The Senate was just given an additional 42,000 pages of Kavanaugh documents the NIGHT BEFORE his confirmation hearing. This underscores just how absurd this process is. Not a single senator will be able to review these records before tomorrow. It’s no wonder that @realDonaldTrump picked Brett Kavanaugh to sit on a potential “jury” in the Mueller probe. Kavanaugh believes sitting presidents should not be investigated or held accountable like other citizens. Judge Kavanaugh thinks presidents are above the law. .@realDonaldTrump clearly does not think the law applies to him or the Congressmen who supported him. … Lastly, our new bill would streamline the NLRB’s procedures to secure worker freedoms and effectively prevent violations and use federal purchasing power and policy to help expand opportunities to negotiate. The Workers’ Freedom to Negotiate Act also creates a mandatory mediation & arbitration process to ensure corporations & newly formed unions reach a first contract and provide millions of public employees w/ the freedom to join a union and collectively bargain w/ their employers. This new legislation would ban the often misleadingly called “right to work” state laws that undermine worker freedoms. It would also prevent employers from interfering in union elections and strengthen penalties on employers that break the law. The Workers' Freedom to Negotiate Act would right the many injustices that have been done to America’s workers throughout the country and help them actually get ahead.    … President Trump’s rolling back much-needed reforms that keep workers safe, freezing pay for federal workers, or limiting the power of public sector unions will do nothing to help the working people in this country and instead only benefit the special interests and wealthiest. While President Trump promised to stand up for the working people in this country, his administration appears hell-bent on causing more harm to working families than good.  Here’s a few examples:    …  … … Earlier this year, I introduced a new bill, the “Workers’ Freedom to Negotiate Act” to reform our broken labor laws & help the very workers we celebrate on #LaborDay to earn better wages.  This is especially important given the Trump Admin & GOP assault on worker rights & safety. Every American should read this amazing ode by @BretStephensNYT about President Trump’s depravity and America’s resilience. … Republicans in the Senate and the President of the United States are colluding to keep Judge Kavanaugh’s records secret, and trying to hide their actions from the American people by doing it on the Friday night of a holiday weekend.  What are they trying so desperately to hide? We’re witnessing a Friday night document massacre. President Trump’s decision to step in at the last moment and hide 100k pages of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the American public is not only unprecedented in the history of SCOTUS noms, it has all the makings of a cover up. … In Washington today to pay tribute to my friend, Senator John McCain. I will miss him dearly. As @paulkrugman writes, “GDP numbers have been good in recent quarters, but much of the growth has gone to soaring corporate profits, while median real wages have gone nowhere.”   Our new bill will help present a clear & accurate picture of who the economy is really working for. When we hear that GDP is rising & the economy is booming, there’s an implication that all are Americans are reaping the benefits equally – yet the reality is that wages for middle-class workers remain flat & the income inequality gap continues to worsen. “Knowledge is objectively better than ignorance. And in modern America, knowing who actually benefits from economic growth is really, truly important.”   Read @paulkrugman on my bill w @MartinHeinrich to inform us on how to better address income inequality … Our legislation would allow us to better see who is benefiting from economic growth and help us as we develop policies to address the worsening income inequality gap. … Relying solely on GDP numbers as a bellwether for how Americans are faring in the economy is a mistake. That's why @MartinHeinrich & I proposed new bill to require the Feds to report how growth is distributed across the income spectrum - alongside quarterly GDP reports. Pres. Trump promised American workers a $4,000 raise, instead he blew up the deficit to give a tax cut that pads the pockets of the wealthiest Americans and the executives at the biggest corporations. No amount of @realDonaldTrump tweets can change fact that real wages are declining; while cost of living– esp gas prices & health care costs, thanks in large part to GOP & Trump Admin–are continuing to climb, & families are struggling to choose which basic necessities to pay for. These tariffs were extremely harmful to our regional papers & printers, like Quad Graphics & their 800 employees in Saratoga Springs. The ITC made exactly the right decision to completely eliminate them and I will fight to make sure that they never return. … These tariffs were extremely harmful to our regional papers-the lifeblood of our local communities-& I worked hard to remove them. ITC made exactly the right decision to completely eliminate them. I will remain vigilant to make sure that they never return. … In the wake of the SCOTUS decision in Murphy v. NCAA allowing states to legalize sports betting, I've proposed a desperately-needed federal framework to protect integrity of the games we love, as well as the fans and consumers & individuals placing bets. … Nearly 3000 people have died in Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria – largest natural disaster death toll in US in a century. The loss of so many lives is heartbreaking & reprehensible. We must do all we can to help our fellow citizens recover & rebuild. … Proud to announce new legislation today with @MartinHeinrich to provide America's working families with information that accurately reflects how economic growth is being felt by all Americans, not just those at the top, alongside quarterly GDP numbers. … When we hear that GDP is rising and the economy is booming, there's an assumption that all Americans are reaping the benefits equally.  The reality is that real wages for middle-class workers remain flat and income inequality continues to worsen. … Looking at headline GDP growth numbers to assess the state of our economy does not paint the whole picture, and leaves out the reality that many have not seen their wages rise for years. We need better information to finally address income inequality. … I hope that many, if not most or all, will join because @SenJohnMcCain was a dear friend to all of us and a great American, great senator, a great man.  Let his name be an example to future generations, as his service and character were to every one of us. Today, I am circulating a letter with Senator Flake asking all of our colleagues if they’d be willing to join us in a resolution to officially rename the Russell Building the McCain Building. We can honor him by trying to carry on the principles he lived by. We can try, as he did, to put country before party. We can try, as he did, to speak truth to power. & we can try,as he summoned us to try,to restore the Senate to its rightful place in our national political life. So that future generations will study his example, I’ve proposed that we rename the Russell Senate Office Building, one of only three Senate office buildings, after John McCain.  But it need not be the only way we honor Senator McCain. I will miss him dearly. In the past year of his illness, during moments of doubt about the direction of our country, I found myself thinking about what John McCain would do or say if he were here. Remarking on the character of America, @SenJohnMcCain said that we live in a “big, boisterous, brawling, intemperate, restless, striving, daring, brave, good and magnificent country.” Truer words could not be said about the man himself. He was all of those things throughout his life, usually more than one at once, until the very last of his days. He was unafraid to take on presidents, & he was unafraid to take on his own party. He was equal parts funny & furious, foul-mouthed & statesmanlike. He could put the temper in temperament. He was a brave and honest man. He was a patriot. He was so many things to so many people. A fierce friend to those who were lucky enough to have earned his friendship. A real thorn in the side of those who earned his scorn. An unofficial ambassador for the US, a comfort to our allies & an unabashed champion for Western values. I can truly say that the time we spent together authoring and passing immigration reform were some of my proudest days in politics, in no small part because the success was shared with @SenJohnMcCain. On Saturday, August 25th, 2018, nine years to the day since the death of his friend Senator Kennedy, our friend and colleague Senator John S. McCain passed away. Further, these documents aren't the official National Archives’ curation of White House docs, but the ones that have been pre-screened by Kavanaugh’s former deputy and George Bush’s private lawyer. The Senate will likely have ZERO records from the Archives by next week’s hearing. This is new. Sen Grassley now admitting the Senate will only receive half the documents that he requested (~900k), before the hearing starts. That means Senators will have seen only 6% of Kavanaugh’s records, & the public will have seen 3%.   This is unprecedented secrecy. … Met with first responders and treatment advocates in the Capital Region to discuss better ways to fight the opioid epidemic. We must give those on the ground the support they need to combat this crisis.pic.twitter.com/he8kJa7Bmo Earlier this summer, a portion of a Syracuse railroad bridge collapsed but the federal gov’t still has not sent an inspector to independently review the city’s elevated rail line.   The FRA must hire more rail bridge inspectors and send one to Syracuse immediately.pic.twitter.com/8DRVdHoq9e Few things better than spending the day at the Great NY State Fair. More photos from my day in Syracuse.pic.twitter.com/NZELeIxriI As we await more details on the shooting in Jacksonville, my heart aches for the victims, their families and loved ones. Thank you to first responders and law enforcement for their swift response. Corn on a stick. Butter sculpture. Gianelli Sausage. And a sea of happy New Yorkers. I am in heaven here at the Great NY State Fair!pic.twitter.com/Gr0rCHt1QB The Senate, the United States, and the world are lesser places without John McCain.   Nothing will overcome the loss of Senator McCain, but so that generations remember him I will be introducing a resolution to rename the Russell building after him. As you go through life, you meet few truly great people. John McCain was one of them. His dedication to his country and the military were unsurpassed, and maybe most of all, he was a truth teller - never afraid to speak truth to power in an era where that has become all too rare. Met w law enforcement in Orleans County yesterday to push legislation to help combat opioid crisis more safely & efficiently. This epidemic is not only ripping families apart, it’s also putting law enforcement at risk by exposing them to illegal & fatal substances like fentanyl.pic.twitter.com/DSYQEfYWy8 Giant Hogweed is a dangerous invasive plant that can cause extreme burns & even blindness - & it’s running rampant through Western NY.  I joined local officials in Bennington yesterday to call on the USDA to immediately boost ongoing local efforts to eradicate this harmful plant.pic.twitter.com/lNlGldiW1o Lastly, this bill also doesn’t change fact that if the GOP lawsuit were successful, premiums would soar for millions of families, hundreds of millions of ppl would lose major pre-ex conditions protections, seniors’ drug costs would go up & the individual markets would collapse. This bill also doesn't change the Republican plan to expand “junk plans", which put insurance companies back in charge, allowing them to refuse to cover vital services like Rx drugs, maternity care, emergency room services & substance use disorders. The GOP-led lawsuit – which, again, the Republicans don’t oppose - would also strike down Medicaid expansion, tax credits and premium subsidies and more. Nothing in this GOP bill states that Republicans oppose the lawsuit to gut protections for pre-existing conditions.  If the lawsuit - which Rs don’t oppose - is successful, the entire ACA would be struck down, including requirements that all plans cover Essential Health Benefits. This Republican bill does nothing to require insurers to cover vital health care services. Bill essentially says if you have cancer, your insurance plan doesn’t have to offer cancer care.  What kind of “pre-existing condition protection” is that? … Joined local hemp growers & @ccecornell to push for passage of the bipartisan Hemp Farming Act.   We must update the law so our farmers & businesses across New York can grow, expand & research the benefits of hemp without the onerous & outdated restrictions from the federal govt.pic.twitter.com/VuTIHktzl9 My thoughts and prayers are with Senator McCain and his family. … More must be done and Democrats are committed to working to give the American people a better deal on child care. While some in GOP suggest that trying to make child care more affordable is an undue burden on taxpayers, Democrats disagree. That's why we've made providing access to child care was one of our top priorities. Democrats know that access to affordable child care means a great deal to America’s working families, and for far too long Congress has not done its part to help offset the costs. Democrats are fighting to change this. Increasing funding to make child care more affordable for Americans is one of our party’s top priorities and so I fought hard for this in the bipartisan budget deal that we crafted last year. I'm proud that for a second straight year, Democrats secured a $2.37 billion increase to the Child Care Development Block Grant program, the largest increase in the program's history. … This morning I reiterated my call for the Republican majority to delay Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/fIZkTs4ljN New report from independent agency proves what Democrats been saying for months: the Trump Administration’s sabotage is responsible for health care premium increases.  @AP: “solid middle-class customers paying full premiums were priced out of the market.” … The price of the Republicans' Faustian bargain has already become too steep. Considerations of country & constitution aside, if my Republican colleagues remain silent, the Republican Party is a co-conspirator in the culture of corruption that surrounds this president. The mantra of the Republican majority in the 115th Congress might be “put your head in the sand.” At some point, after the Access Hollywood tape, Charlottesville, Helsinki summit, & now after these most recent revelations, the broad failure of Republicans in Congress to condemn the president’s behavior becomes a form of complicity. The president was alleged to be an unindicted co-conspirator in a federal crime. What did we hear from Republicans on the Hill? Was this the moment when Republican leaders finally stood up and said ‘enough’? Nope. The Trump admin is once again giving the keys to special interests, this time the NRA. Until President Trump breaks the NRA’s stranglehold on the GOP, meaningful gun safety reform in this country will continue to be subverted by radical & dangerous ideas from the NRA like this. What recklessness. What absurdity. Arming teachers will not make our schools or our children safer, period. … As children fill their school backpacks with new crayons, markers and notebooks, @SenSchumer is urging federal officials to take immediate steps to protect kids from potentially harmful chemicals in their classroom supplies.  … #BackToSchool #Ready4School Let’s be clear: this is not as simple as Judge Kavanaugh saying that Roe is settled law. Everything the Supreme Court decides is settled law until 5 Justices unsettle it. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/wsx7h60Res At this moment in our nation's history, the Senate should not confirm a man to the bench who believes presidents are virtually beyond accountability, even in criminal cases; that they are essentially above the law and only Congress can check a president's power. #WhatsAtStake Judge Kavanaugh’s refusal to say a POTUS must comply w a duly issued subpoena & Mr Cohen’s implication of POTUS in a federal crime make the danger of Kavanaugh's nomination to the SCOTUS abundantly clear.  It's a game changer & Chairman Grassley should delay confirmation hearings The next SCOTUS Justice will have immense influence over the lives of Americans for generations to come. Unfortunately, Kavanaugh was either unwilling or unable to state that he wouldn't upend centuries of precedent & disturb well-established rights of the American people. And on the issue of executive power, Judge Kavanaugh would not say that the President must comply with a subpoena or provide records. A similar pattern played out on other key issues. I repeatedly asked him to reassure me that he believes the Affordable Care Act and the vital protections for pre-existing conditions to be constitutional. He refused to do so. Judge Kavanaugh had a special obligation to make his views on this topic clear, given the president’s litmus test that he would only appoint justices who would overturn Roe. On that obligation, Judge Kavanaugh failed spectacularly. #WhatsAtStake Judge Kavanaugh refused to say whether or not he agreed Roe v Wade & Planned Parenthood v Casey were correctly decided or assure me he believed these cases should be left alone  That should send shivers down the spine of any American who believes in reproductive freedom for women In our meeting today, Judge Kavanaugh refused to answer even the most basic Qs ab his jurisprudence & judicial philosophy, especially re: women’s reproductive freedom, health care protections for ppl w/ pre-ex conditions, voting rights & presidential powers.  Let me explain: My message to the president: you better not talk about pardons for Michael Cohen or Paul Manafort tonight, or anytime in the future. Under this proposal, the air will be dirtier and we’ll be less healthy as a country because President Trump is siding with a few powerful special interests. … Eid Mubarak to the Muslim community in New York, the US and around the world! #EidAlAdha And the next Supreme Court Justice may also someday soon determine labor rights, civil rights, voting rights, environmental protections and so many more issues so vital to the daily lives of the American people.  This is #WhatsAtStake They may also someday soon determine whether or not the President of the United States must comply with a duly issued subpoena.  This is #WhatsAtStake The next Supreme Court Justice may also someday soon determine how much states can restrict a woman’s constitutionally guaranteed right to make her own medical decisions.  This is #WhatsAtStake The next Supreme Court Justice will have immense influence over the lives of Americans for generations to come.   They may someday soon determine whether Americans with pre-existing conditions will be able to afford health care.  This is #WhatsAtStake Nazi prison guards have no place in the USA. We must stand firmly against hate, anti-Semitism and bigotry in all its forms. Good riddance to this war criminal. … What’s next? Will President Trump decide to revoke the security clearances of everyone working for Special Counsel Mueller because he thinks it’s in his craven political interest? There is enormous potential here for gross abuse of presidential power. .@SenBobCorker is right. The abuse of the powers of public office to silence critics & punish political enemies is exactly what goes on in dictatorships & banana republics.  Both parties ought to condemn this behavior from POTUS. … .@SenGillibrand and I are urging FEMA to be ready to quickly approve a potential disaster declaration for Rochester-Finger Lakes and Southern Tier residents impacted by recent flooding & severe weather.pic.twitter.com/fDglXICSX7 I was on Long Island today to call for a federal investigation of New York American Water. Despite complaints that they deceived regulators, they’ve hit families with eye-popping rate hikes and now they’re in line to possibly receive more federal $$. … I am calling on the FDA to speed up and make public their final report on the prevalence of the weed-killing chemical, glyphosate, in many foods families regularly eat–cereals, granola bars, oats, snack bars, & more.  We need answers and we need them now. … Brett Kavanaugh praised the dissents that would have overturned Roe v. Wade and barred marriage equality. His views on these fundamental freedoms are no mystery.  This week we honor our community health centers. They guarantee that high-quality health care is available to millions of New Yorkers, no matter who they are or where they live. I will never stop fighting to ensure they have the resources they need. #NHCW18 New video shows Judge Kavanaugh praising former Justice Scalia’s view that key cases on women’s reproductive freedom and marriage equality were wrongly decided:   …pic.twitter.com/p4uVxH55pU This seems like a really important story for Judge Kavanaugh to read.  … Since Republicans have chosen secrecy over transparency, Democrats issued a FOIA request to the National Archives, seeking the full gamut of Kavanaugh’s records, including from his time as Staff Secretary.  We stand ready to sue the Archives for his full records, if necessary. She’s home. RIP to the legendary Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin.pic.twitter.com/uI0BzoE7j1 .@SenSchumer & I have introduced a resolution that does just this. It affirms that the press is not the enemy of the people. And it reaffirms the vital role the free press serves to inform the electorate, uncover truth, act as a check & advance democratic norms & freedoms. The GOP obstruction of Kavanaugh’s records is flat-out wrong. The American people deserve a methodical & thorough examination of a nom who will wield immense influence over their lives for generations.  Republicans seem intent on denying the American people that basic right. Before we elevate someone who may have to rule on the issue of Presidential subpoenas to a lifetime appointment on the highest Court in the land,don’t the Senate & American ppl deserve to know what the nom thinks & may have already said on this critical issue? #WhatAreTheyHiding? Yesterday, President Trump’s lawyer declared that President Trump may decide not to comply with a subpoena, issued by the Special Counsel and said that they are prepared to take that fight all the way to the SCOTUS. Even worse, at the moment, 1/3 of those documents are being deemed as “committee confidential” by GOP & have not been released for review by the full Senate or the public, stacking an additional layer of secrecy on top of multiple layers of existing secrecy.  #WhatAreTheyHiding? Meanwhile, the small % of docs the Judiciary Committee will get to see are being pre-screened by a GOP political operative who worked for Kavanaugh in the Bush admin and currently represents Steve Bannon, Reince Priebus and Don McGahn.  If this seems shady, it’s because it is. The GOP is deliberately withholding the entire record of Judge Kavanaugh’s 3 years as Staff Secretary– the most senior position he held in the Bush Admin & a job Kavanaugh himself said was “formative” & “instructive” as preparation for being a judge … Republicans announced #SCOTUS hearings will begin on Sept 4th. Let’s recap how the Senate GOP’s blatant and historic obstruction of Judge Kavanaugh's record is denying both the Senate & the American people access to critical information about a potential Supreme Court justice. Today at 10am, @SenateDems are holding a hearing with Americans with pre-existing conditions who would be hurt by Republican efforts to take away their health coverage. Tune in here to watch the witnesses tell their stories: … Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's role as 'president's protector' remains shrouded in secrecy   via @usatoday Republicans used to demand transparency for SCOTUS noms. Now they’re blocking nearly all of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from public release and trying to rush through his nomination. What are Republicans hiding? #ReleaseTheRecords … Happy 6th birthday #DACA! Thank you Dreamers for your incredible contributions to our country. Despite the chaos created by President Trump, you can still renew your application. If you are eligible to renew, you should do so today. #RenewDACApic.twitter.com/qFyEjgu2lN I urge NY residents affected by the flooding to heed all warnings & stay safe.   My office is in touch with local leaders and I am closely monitoring the situation. A big thank you to the first responders & emergency services professionals for their work to keep communities safe. I heard from more than 120 orgs urging the Senate to consider #WhatsAtStake in our health care system w/ the Kavanaugh #SCOTUS nomination. We must protect pre-existing condition protections, access to contraception, & other important health care rights.  … I take @realDonaldTrump at his word when he promised to appoint judges who would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade.   Watch this @NYTimes video on how a more conservative court could chip away at women’s constitutional rights #WhatsAtStake … Schumer helps secure federal approval for Rochester anti-zombie home program  pic.twitter.com/fgACZ6K1dz Congratulations to Staten Island’s own Mid-Island Little League team which is headed to Williamsport for the Little League World Series!  Their pitcher threw a perfect game last night and they’re now 12-0 this summer. This team is on ! #LLWS … Congratulations to Port Jefferson, NY, native Capt. Kyle Higgins on taking the helm of the USS Dwight Eisenhower. We thank you for your continued service to our nation. … We will see only a small portion of Kavanaugh's White House documents by the time the hearing happens. Republicans want to keep his record hidden and are going to extraordinary lengths to do so. We still have to ask: #WhatAreTheyHiding ? 2/2 If the tiny portion of Judge Kavanaugh’s record that has been made public seems unrevealing, it’s because those docs have been cherry-picked by his former deputy, a long-time political operative. Congress--and the public--still have seen no records from the National Archives. 1/2 Spoke with leaders from Hamilton County & @HudsHeadwaters earlier this week on issues affecting Hamilton residents and tourists alike, such as healthcare, broadband & tourism.pic.twitter.com/3OVkiD5qhm Today marks 1 yr since the tragic white supremacist rally in #Charlottesville, when Heather Heyer was killed. As her mother has shared, her legacy is a call to action. Last yr remains a profound reminder: we must remain vigilant & united in our efforts to defeat bigotry & hatred. As this article shows, the middle class is still struggling to stay above water. Trump’s tax bill specifically and policies generally benefit the wealthy—the average worker is not seeing the benefit. … I was at Bear Pond in Franklin Co. today with @adk_council to warn the @EPA not to roll back years of progress in Adirondack Park’s recovery from acid rain damage. The EPA is wrong to even consider repealing laws & standards that have helped bring back natural beauty & tourism.pic.twitter.com/0wQuAxkeq3 Republican efforts to make this the least transparent, most secretive Supreme Court nomination in history continue. They seem to be more frightened of this nominee’s record and history than any we’ve ever considered. Further, it boggles the mind that of the small portion of documents that will be public, the vast majority will be cherry-picked by a Republican operative currently working for President George W. Bush – and who also happens to be Kavanaugh’s former deputy. Republicans’ mad rush to hold this hearing after unilaterally deciding to block nearly all of Judge Kavanaugh’s records from public release is further evidence they are hiding important information from the American people, & continues to raise the question, #WhatAreTheyHiding? Toured Essex Farm this afternoon with owner Mark Kimball in beautiful Essex County. New York farmers are growing healthy food to feed people and animals around the world.pic.twitter.com/a1c8WQx7RC Avg hourly earnings are down; consumer prices are up. What does that mean? Too many American families are paying more for everyday expenses while taking home less. Further proof #GOPTaxScam was for the rich, not the middle class & those trying to get there … Jim Shaughnessy, one of America’s great rail photographers, has passed away. Here is an image he took in his hometown of Troy, NY, in 1952.  His book “Essential Witness: Sixty Years of Railroad Photography” is tremendous.pic.twitter.com/POvPDJEnhs ...he is now telling the Committee what the rest of the Senate and the American public can see – and Republicans are playing along. We are seeing layer after layer of unprecedented secrecy in what is quickly becoming the least transparent nominations process in history. 2/2 Every day, Republican obstruction of Kavanaugh’s record gets worse and worse. Not only is a massively conflicted Republican lawyer, who previously worked for Judge Kavanaugh, cherry-picking what documents the Senate Judiciary Committee can see... 1/2 This tragic loss of life of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico is unconscionable. We must do more to both hold this administration accountable for a terrible response and help Puerto Rico recover, rebuild and thrive again. … More than 2,000 zombie homes plague the Rochester region. That’s why I’m calling on HUD to immediately approve @CityRochesterNY request to acquire vacant homes, rehabilitate & sell to 1st-time homebuyers. This renovated home shows how we can turn zombie homes into family homes.pic.twitter.com/Oi3EiJF0dM Met w/ officials this morning at Finger Lakes Area Counseling & Recovery Agency to thank them for their work & announce my push for more funding to fight the opioid epidemic. Yates Co has been hit hard: 2nd most severely-impacted county per capita in Rochester-Finger Lakes Regionpic.twitter.com/i191ArumIP Overwhelming victory for labor in Missouri. @realDonaldTrump and his Republican friends do not represent what working people want or need. Today is #BlackWomensEqualPayDay. Did you know black women make 63¢ for every $1 that a white man makes? Black women need and deserve #EqualPay. We must #DemandMore action for women of color to be equally paid. This process is opaque, partisan, and unacceptable for a lifetime position on the highest court in the land. We have to ask: What are Republicans trying to hide? And your process for getting the tiny % of Kavanaugh’s WH documents you have actually requested is being led by a lawyer who not only has a partisan history—the American people learned this weekend that he used to report to Kavanaugh in the White House! … This is not about me. The Senate & the American people deserve to have a full vetting of the nominee, just like you asked for and Democrats gave you for Justice Kagan. Republicans should want to see these documents just as much as Democrats. … Judge Kavanaugh himself said his time as Staff Secretary was “formative” & “instructive” to him as a judge—and Republicans won’t agree to even review those docs. … But here’s the problem. Despite all these reasons to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, the bulk of his record is being kept hidden from the public. #WhatAreTheyHiding The small percentage of Brett Kavanaugh’s record that is public is cause for great concern, including his decisions related to our health care law, women’s constitutional rights & his dangerously expansive beliefs about presidential power and accountability. Chairman Grassley, as you will recall, I opposed Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the DC Circuit in 2006 because I believed he was a political operative not suited for the bench. Given what we have learned since that time, I still believe that today. … Who needs pizza museums when we have temples? @totonnos, @LombarisPizza, @RobertasPizza, @difara, @DeninosPizzaSI, @JohnsOfBleecker, #Lucali, @GrimaldisPizza, and many more! … 53 years after the passage of the #VotingRightsAct, our rights are under attack. In 2013, #SCOTUS decided 5-4 to strip critical protections of Section 5 of the VRA. With the Kavanuagh nomination, even more Americans could be at risk of being disenfranchised. #WhatsAtStake To save lives, LI’s cops, firefighters and EMTs use the T-band for radio communication. But unwise Fed law demands they move from T-Band radios to unproven and expensive new system. That's why I'm pushing a bill to protect this critical radio spectrum.pic.twitter.com/ZPjJYUupZc Stopped by @buffalobills training camp today at St. John Fisher to check out this year’s team. Looking forward to another great season! #GoBillspic.twitter.com/wfuzVmfAVe Great food and great friends on Rochester’s Park Ave. What’s better than that?pic.twitter.com/Auwbh4L00p We learned yesterday that the Republican operative who is screening Judge Kavanaugh's records actually worked for him in the White House—and didn't disclose it to anyone. An unbelievable conflict of interest. #WhatAreTheyHiding … Happy Birthday to the @USCG! A special thanks to all the servicemembers serving with @USCGNortheast and @USCG_Tri_State who keep our country safe. #CG228 #USCoastGuard Why are Republicans working so hard to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records as WH Staff Secretary?   Kavanaugh touted that job as “formative” to who he is as a judge.  What are they hiding?  #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/E6McTF7Sjf This is outrageous and Americans are rightly asking – what are they hiding? Evidently it wasn’t enough to require that the small minority of documents they do turn over to the Senate be pre-screened by Republican operatives. The Republicans are now claiming that that even THOSE documents be kept under lock and key for who knows how long. It apparently wasn’t enough to limit which documents they requested from the White House Counsel’s office, or to block the release of critical records from the nominee’s final three years in the White House. Republicans are making an unprecedented effort to keep hidden Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the American public, and even the large majority of Senators. This is a new and astonishing level of secrecy. What are they hiding? #WhatsAtStake If @realDonaldTrump and Republicans in Congress really wanted to boost wages and create more good-paying jobs, they should have invested in education—especially paying America’s teachers the salaries they deserve. … If @realDonaldTrump and Republicans in Congress really wanted to boost wages and create more good-paying jobs, they should have invested in infrastructure instead of lining the pockets of wealthy shareholders and CEOs. … American families’ costs are going up faster than any slight wage increase. Further proof the #GOPTaxScam was for the wealthiest few and corporations—not the middle class and those trying to get there. … You know what else wasn’t in Ambassador Bolton’s letter to @senatedems today on election security?   An explanation as to why the Trump admin didn’t push the Senate GOP to support critical funding to bolster election security ahead of the midterms. … Our letter to Amb Bolton urged Trump admin to fully implement the Russian sanctions Congress already passed, extradite 12 Russian govt officials indicted by Mueller & protect diplomats & other US personnel.  None of this was addressed in Bolton’s response … The Trump administration should needs to make a U-turn on this decision and instead move forward with standards that protect consumers, public health, and American jobs and innovation. This misguided proposal will cost consumers billions at the pump and lead to uncertainty for domestic automakers—putting them at a competitive disadvantage compared to companies in China and elsewhere that are investing in cleaner cars. While big oil and China may cheer the Trump administration’s proposal to roll back fuel economy standards, American consumers and our kids will suffer by paying more at the pump and breathing in dirtier air. … I will now use my influence as the Senate Minority Leader to push the United States International Trade Commission to end these unjustified tariff. Our local newspapers are fundamental to our vibrant communities and healthy democracy, which is why I fought so hard to push the Commerce Dept. to lower these unwise tariffs on the raw material used by New York’s newspaper and printing companies. Lowering these unwise and unjust tariffs is a positive step in the right direction to support our already at-risk community newspapers and the American paper industry and the many jobs it supports. … Thank you to my colleagues for their persistence and dedication to defending our nation from Putin’s attacks on our democracy. … We should not be waiting for bridges to collapse and fall onto our streets to do something. This should be an eye-opening wake up call for the FRA. … The GOP says the public doesn't need to see records from Kavanaugh's work as Staff Secretary under George Bush. Kavanaugh says his time in the White House was "among the most instructive of his career." Which is it? What are they hiding? #ReleaseTheRecords #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/wgmpCp488W What is @SenateGOP trying to hide in Kavanaugh's record? To go to such lengths to deny simple documents really makes people ask: what are they hiding? What are they afraid of? Why can't we have impartial access to docs as we did for Justices Kagan and Sotomayor? #WhatsAtStake Remember Mr. President, getting to the truth is critical for our security and democracy. The Mueller-Rosenstein investigation is making progress at record speed: 35 indictments, 5 guilty pleas & Trump’s campaign chairman on trial. @realDonaldTrump's statements this morning are just another attempt to make the American people look at his latest shiny object. … The President of the United States just called on his Attorney General to put an end to an investigation in which the President, his family and campaign may be implicated.  This is an attempt to obstruct justice hiding in plain sight. America must never accept it. … These new short-terms #junkplans are so dangerous for Americans that it's no wonder not a single group representing patients, physicians, nurses or hospitals has voiced support. Democrats will do everything in our power to stop this. … Today, the Trump administration has finalized a plan for a new type of health insurance that will repeal protections on pre-existing conditions and allow insurance companies to cover fewer benefits, not more. … We are officially OPEN!! pic.twitter.com/lafjDYpGTO Judge made right call. If @realDonaldTrump truly thinks 3D guns don’t make sense then he should buck the NRA and use his bully pulpit to pressure the GOP to pass our bill to stop 3D guns once and for all. … Why are Republicans shielding the public from seeing the records from the most senior position Brett Kavanaugh held in the White House? What are Republicans trying to hide? … Starting soon: @SenSchumer & @SenatorDurbin join legal experts to push back on Republicans’ unprecedented efforts to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the Senate and the American people. TUNE IN:  … #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/ZcSAEDLY67 3. The morning after proposing a new $100 billion tax cut for the rich, @realDonaldTrump tells the Koch Brothers on Twitter that he “made them richer!” … 2. A few weeks after the Trump Labor Dept said wages are FLAT and the SAME day the Trump Treasury Dept. said the deficit is worse than anticipated, the Trump Treasury Dept proposes a new unilateral $100 billion tax cut…for the rich! … 1. As soon as GOP tax law was signed, @realDonaldTrump flew to Mar-a-Lago to brag to all his wealthy friends:  “You all just got a lot richer" … Where @realDonaldTrump and the GOP’s allegiances lie, in three parts: Your administration approved this. What kind of incompetence and dangerous governing is this? And to check with the NRA? Holy moly. … Furthermore, Mr. Mnuchin thinks he can do it on his own, but everyone knows this must be done by legislation. If this proposal were to be considered in the Congress, it would not pass. At a time when the deficit is out of control, wages are flat, and the wealthiest are doing better than ever, to give the top 1% another advantage is an outrage and shows the Republicans’ true colors. … Does he believe, like Britt Grant, that insurers shouldn’t have to provide contraceptive coverage? Does Judge Kavanaugh believe, like Britt Grant, that states should be able to define marriage as ONLY between a man and a woman? Does he agree with Britt Grant that a woman’s constitutionally guaranteed freedom to make her own reproductive choices should be curtailed? Judge Kavanaugh’s ringing endorsement of Britt Grant’s record may serve as a window into his own judicial philosophy. It makes you wonder: what, exactly, does Judge Kavanaugh agree with her on?pic.twitter.com/pPSdyDZYKG As staff secretary, Brett Kavanaugh likely oversaw President Bush’s controversial signing statements on torture. By his own account, he was involved in Pres. Bush’s decision to select a Supreme Court Justice. There is just no good reason to leave out records from this period. … This letter makes it clear that Republicans intend to block the Senate – and the American people – from accessing the bulk of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records.  The question becomes: What are they hiding? … At a time when we are seeing community after community, and family after family being devastated by gun violence, it’s unconscionable that the Trump administration would simply shrug off this potential threat. … Thank you to @Bradybuzz @Everytown @GiffordsCourage for fighting with us. We have two days, please RT and spread the word. We must #StopDownloadableGuns Families, survivors and advocates have been speaking out from coast to coast. Read @Alyssa_Milano’s op-ed on why 3D printed gun blueprints must not be made widely available today: … We’re just days away from dangerous ghost gun blueprints being shared freely online & the admin has taken NO ACTION to protect our communities. Proud to join @SenBlumenthal & @SenBillNelson in unveiling the Untraceable Firearms Act. This bill must pass before it’s too late. R E A D  … … Schumer hits out at MTA, Metro-North on late safety tech  pic.twitter.com/OV6i8LxDZ6 Enough is enough. Metro-North is asking for more time to complete the full implementation of critical and life-saving Positive Train Control technology, but today in New Rochelle I demanded some answers and a public report on their timeline.pic.twitter.com/r0dY4c8fHY .@SenSchumer slams federal government's plan to cut drug safety funds from #NewYorkCity  We don’t know what Brett Kavanaugh knew about President Bush’s efforts to override a torture ban - and that’s just one of many issues. This is a why Republican efforts to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s documents from his time as Staff Secretary are so wrong.  What else are they hiding? … This deliberately selective request leaves out what may be the most important thing in Judge Kavanaugh’s record: his time as White House Staff Secretary. What are Republicans hiding in Judge Kavanaugh’s record?pic.twitter.com/HOvy8La81U The Republican effort to withhold and pre-screen critical #SCOTUS documents from Congress breaks with ALL past practice. Read more: … NEW: Republicans' plan to bring in political operatives tied to Bannon to pre-screen docs breaks all precedent. Why are trying to further reduce even the limited amount of records they want the American ppl to see on Judge Kavanaugh? What are they hiding? … NEW REPORT: After today’s GDP release, it’s important to remember that big gains for a small group can keep total income growing while also worsening income inequality. Read more:    The bottom line? With the #GOPTaxScam, @realDonaldTrump and the GOP promised families an extra $4,000 in their pockets.  So. Where's your raise? Or, as @foxbusiness’ senior correspondent said, “We gave these corporations a huge corporate tax cut and guess what happened to wages? They remained flat.” … Or, as Noah Smith wrote, “the tax reform hasn’t yet resulted in appreciably higher wages for American workers” … Meanwhile, as the @washingtonpost reported: “since June 2017, the relative spending power of hourly earnings actually dropped. That’s not what Trump promised.” … The GOP promised their tax bill would be “rocket fuel” for the economy. Instead, it blew up the deficit by a trillion dollars & sparked a surge in stock buybacks, benefiting the biggest corps, their execs & wealthy shareholders while leaving middle-class families largely behind. THREAD: Here are the facts about the economy you won’t hear from @realDonaldTrump or Republicans: THIS is the bipartisan standard of transparency by which we must judge the Republicans’ forthcoming document request. It is what then-Sen. Sessions and I requested for Justice Kagan. #KavanaughPapers #ReleaseTheRecordspic.twitter.com/JVbhkYZxAz Lighthizer has spoken about China’s efforts to steal U.S. technology. But he had no answer about why Trump let one of the worst actors, ZTE, off the hook. ZTE stole our technology, poses an espionage threat, and violated our sanctions. Why did Trump cave to President Xi?pic.twitter.com/cvQmyaPZaW Kavanaugh's time as Staff Secretary made him a “better interpreter of statutes.” Those are his own words.   How could seeing his records from that period be a waste of time when there is so much at stake? #WhatsAtStake … How can Bolton call this a witch hunt & credibly lead the NSC on election security? Especially when 25 Russians & 3 Russian companies have been indicted?  The President has done more to target Bob Mueller than he has to go after Vladimir Putin. We must protect the Special Counsel … You're supposed to be leading an NSC meeting on election security tomorrow. How are you supposed do that credibly with this kind of rhetoric? Special Counsel Mueller has secured 35 indictments, five guilty pleas and one prison sentence. 12 of the indictments are Russian intelligence agents! .@AmbJohnBolton your statement yesterday was an attack on the rule of law and on the hard work of our nation's law enforcement and intelligence officials. … The Trump admin's deadline to reunite families at the border is TODAY. I joined @familiesbelong a bit ago to tell this admin: No more excuses! I demanded the same from @SecNielsen in person yesterday. Thanks to all who continue to fight for these families. We cannot let up!pic.twitter.com/hQppwhQwDI Just joined a group of parents and children protesting the Trump Administration’s failure to reunite all of the children they took away from their parents at the border. It is the ultimate act of inhumanity to rip a child from their parent. As of today, hundreds remain separated.pic.twitter.com/deWB4Gr1kh Our nation’s top doctors say family separation causes severe emotional distress. Children separated from their families have suffered enough trauma and must be reunited no later than today’s court-ordered deadline. No more excuses @realDonaldTrump. #FamiliesBelongTogether … Today is the day. Again.  The deadline to reunite families is not just a date on a calendar. This is about people’s lives. For hundreds of children still waiting, it’s another night wondering if – and when – they might see their parents again. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/6W2vHtzLX4 La administración de Trump debe reunir a todos los niños que fueron separados de sus padres antes de que venza el plazo hoy. No más excusas. No más extensiones. Ellos tienen que cumplir con la orden dictada por la corte federal y poner fin a la crisis que crearon. Today is the court-ordered deadline for the Trump admin to reunite all children who have been separated from their parents. No more excuses. No more extensions. It’s time for this administration to stop dragging their feet and fix the crisis they created. #FamiliesBelongTogether If President Obama did what President Trump did in Helsinki, I would be peeling Republicans off the Capitol ceiling!pic.twitter.com/j5EzAcIONY Now the shoe is on the other foot. But rather than applying the previous, bipartisan standard, the Republican Majority is refusing to join with Democrats in requesting Brett Kavanaugh’s complete record. When Elena Kagan was nominated eight years ago, even though Democrats were in the Majority and the Republicans the minority, Chairman @SenatorLeahy joined with Republicans to request all of Elena Kagan’s records from her time in the White House. Takeaways from Sec. Pompeo’s testimony today: -He couldn’t explain what was agreed to between President Trump & Putin -He couldn’t demonstrate the steps North Korea is taking to denuclearize -So instead he decided to insult members of the Committee for asking him tough questionspic.twitter.com/NVvhYSHTXr #SCOTUS justice is one of the most important positions in the world, and certainly in America. Shouldn’t we know everything about the nominee? Not just some of the stuff the White House wants us to know, but everything. How can @SenateGOP say that Kavanaugh's Staff Secretary records aren't relevant when he himself says otherwise? What are they trying to hide? #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/vyE8FnZLSP ALERT: Senate Republicans who are NOW arguing that Kavanaugh’s White House Staff Secretary records aren’t relevant—and thus shouldn’t be disclosed—because he was a mere paper shuffler, might want to ask him first. Judge Kavanaugh, IN HIS OWN WORDS:pic.twitter.com/WQp40kKgYa ICYMI: Wrote Judiciary Chair Grassley urging him to support the GOP's own Kagan standard, help inform the public & help the Senate perform its constitutional duty by joining our request for all docs including those related to Kavanaugh's time as WH Staff Secretary. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/cUwaXZncNC The progress women have made — and the prospect of future progress — truly hangs in the balance now that President Trump has nominated Judge Kavanaugh. #WhatsAtStake Roe v. Wade, and the rulings that have upheld it, make clear what women across the country know to be true: that reproductive freedom is essential to a woman's ability to control her future, plan her family, & contribute to her community in all the ways she may choose to. … Sometimes we battled side-by-side for Staten Island & sometimes we faced off on issues we disagreed on. Through it all, Guy Molinari was never less than utterly committed to his country & his beloved Staten Island. My prayers & warm thoughts to Susan & all who knew & loved Guy. Guy Molinari was a ferocious fighter for the issues he believed in and for Staten Island. … What are Judge Kavanaugh and the Republicans hiding? Why are Republicans hiding his full record from the Senate and the American people? #WhatsAtStake … But Judge Kavanaugh himself said that his years as staff secretary were "among the most instructive"- aren't those papers important enough for the Senate to see?pic.twitter.com/uF6DtTMjdY But @SenateGOP are dragging their feet & refusing to agree. They’re downplaying Judge Kavanaugh’s role as White House staff secretary and arguing that we don’t need to see documents from that part of his career. For the last week, @SenFeinstein has been ready to jointly request the exact same documents of Judge Kavanaugh that Republicans demanded of Justice Kagan. Let's go to the video tape (again).  …pic.twitter.com/qTAdwoyQ3N We hope Sen. @ChuckGrassley will join @SenFeinstein in a joint letter requesting Judge Kavanaugh's documents, just as @SenatorLeahy joined Senator Sessions during Justice Kagan's nomination. … The city that never sleeps demands a free press that does not blink and the @NYDailyNews and its prized news staff has always fulfilled this critical mission and  impossible feat with everything they’ve got.  Don’t stop now. My @nytimes op-ed: Judge Kavanaugh was involved in some of the most politically charged moments of our recent history. Republicans must live up to the bipartisan standard of transparency set by then-Sen Sessions and me, and demand to see his FULL record.  Must read: @SenatorLeahy via @nytopinion on #WhatsAtStake with Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. … I’ve taken the liberty of editing that letter by then-Sen. Sessions & @SenatorLeahy. @SenateGOP can see, it didn’t take much work to make it directly applicable for today. Why should such a standard apply to Justice Kagan, but not to Judge Kavanaugh?pic.twitter.com/0zSHxpCzcQ .@SenateGOP demanded the entire paper history of then-Solicitor-General Kagan before moving fwd on her nomination & Dems agreed! Chairman @SenatorLeahy & GOP Ranking Member Sen. Sessions asked for every single document in Kagan’s record. The Senate & the American ppl deserve to know where Judge Kavanaugh stands on a host of issues. Given the hearing process for Supreme Court nominees, Judge Kavanaugh’s papers might be the best & only way to judge what kind of a Justice he might be. #WhatsAtStake .@SpeakerRyan must remove Rep. Nunes of his chairmanship immediately. Read this overview of how @RepDevinNunes & @realDonaldTrump are hell-bent on undermining Special Counsel Mueller & his team of career professionals from getting to the bottom of Putin’s attack on our democracy. … “This decision to allow ghost gun blueprints to go unchecked across the internet will come back to haunt the feds and cost lives." - @SenSchumer  Question of the day: If Kavanaugh would have let Nixon off the hook, what is he willing to do for President Trump?  #WhatsAtStake “Ghost guns are not only scary, they’re outright dangerous in the way they can mimic the look and the capacity of a hardened, fully semiautomatic weapon.” ~ @SenSchumer  .@realDonaldTrump when are you going to sit for an interview with Special Counsel Mueller? As a reminder, Special Counsel Mueller and his team of highly capable public servants have made 35 indictments. Four are former employees of @realDonaldTrump. Mr. President, Paul Manafort’s trial starts on Wednesday. Time to side with the American people and their right to an election without interference from a hostile foreign power. … But because he has demonstrated a willingness to express his views on existing #SCOTUS precedents, Kavanaugh must be able to answer direct questions on stare decisis on many other matters, including #RoevWade and healthcare. It’s also confounding that the common thread thus far in the cases Kavanaugh is willing to openly criticize is their relation to presidential power & accountability. This bodes very poorly for any decision that Kavanaugh might make to hold @realDonaldTrump accountable. … Mr. President, stop spreading conspiracies in our democracy. Instead, you must focus on coming clean on what happened in your private meeting with Putin at #helsinkisummit and interviewing with Special Counsel Mueller.   What secret deals did you make?#ruleoflaw … We're approaching one week since #HelsinkiSummit and the only people that have said anything substantive about what was discussed and agreed to are the @mfa_russia & @PutinRF_Eng. #secretdeal … Asking to interview the interpreter is not a request that is made lightly, but when unverified news of the closed door meeting is coming out of Moscow, and the Trump Administration keeps changing their story, serious steps must to be taken to uncover the truth. Why hasn’t @realDonaldTrump told DNI Director Coats about what happened in the Helsinki meeting? Does this mean @realDonaldTrump has a secret deal with Putin? Congress needs to interview the interpreter.pic.twitter.com/jvq8X1BpPo A shocking white flag retreat by Republican leaders. … This is a huge mistake. Beyond frustrated that Republican leaders are caving to the Trump Administration’s demands on ZTE. This can only make our country less safe. … .@SenSchumer to @realDonaldTrump's drug czar: Add Oswego County, NY to drug trafficking list  The admin’s backtrack on ZTE is another example of @POTUS being weak in the face of another nation’s leader while the GOP just follows along. @realDonaldTrump has once again broken his core promise to be tough on China simply to please President Xi & he got nothing in return. By stripping the Senate’s tough ZTE sanctions provision from the defense bill, @realDonaldTrump & the Congressional GOP who acted at his behest have once again made President Xi & the Chinese Govt the big winners & the American worker & our national security the big losers. … Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh has said Congress should investigate a president, raising questions about his views on the Mueller probe  pic.twitter.com/OaSwOZdBGY Judge Kavanaugh’s ruling would allow unfettered Russian money to pour into our elections on behalf of President Trump. We need a Supreme Court that protects our democracy and elections, not expose them. #WhatsAtStake … Until we know what happened at that two hour meeting in Helsinki, @realDonaldTrump should have no more one-on-one interactions with Putin. In the United States, in Russia, or anywhere else. For those keeping score at home this week: Pres. Putin: 3 Pres. Trump: 0 Biggest Loser: the American people and our election security. … This passed 98-0, just as it should. We should never need to pass a resolution reaffirming our commitment to protect U.S. ambassadors from questioning by foreign governments, but this President’s pursuit of Putin's agenda made it necessary. … Today the Senate came tgtr in a bipartisan way to declare what should have already been obvious – it's neither the policy nor the practice of the United States to submit our citizens, let alone our Ambassadors like former Amb. @McFaul, to the interrogation of a foreign adversary. … Meanwhile, @SenateDems are working to lower costs for American families: … Trump admin and GOP sabotage of our health care system has led to unnecessarily high premium increases in California. … No President should have the power to gift wrap American citizens, let alone former Ambassadors, to our known adversaries. This morning, @SenatorMenendez @SenatorDurbin @brianschatz & I offer a simple resolution that the Senate should pass today. Read it:  … … Incredible speech from one of NY's heroes. Congratulations Jim! #KellyTough #perseverance … "I will never give up. I will keep fighting til the end."  Congratulations to Jim Kelly on being the recipient of the 2018 Jimmy V Award for Perseverance. #KellyToughpic.twitter.com/XnIuTHuxb6 If only you had raised the issue during last week’s fist bump. … The President won’t rule out turning an American public servant over to Vladimir Putin, but tomorrow I hope the Senate will. … Outrageous that Russian prosecutors would seek to question a former US ambassador. We've heard nothing from the administration on this. Trump is more inclined to take Putin at his word than support Americans who've served our country honorably & with distinction. This must stop. … For @realDonaldTrump to help Putin harass and endanger @McFaul, an American ambassador, would meet my definition of providing aid and comfort to an enemy. … Health insurance rates could be lower in Nevada, but many families will be paying more, not less, thanks to Trump & GOP sabotage. Insurers in NV also warned that #junkplans & court cases threaten premiums to rise even more, all thanks to the Trump admin. … Mr. President. Walk this back too. … Brett Kavanaugh doesn't think that a sitting president can be indicted, that they don’t have to follow laws they deem unconstitutional, and now this. Are these the real reasons @realDonaldTrump nominated him? … And 5. We must move @SenAmyKlobuchar’s election security  bill immediately. The Senate, in a bipartisan way, included $380M in the last spending bill for election security - more is certainly needed. 4. @realDonaldTrump must both release his tax returns AND insist on the extradition of the 12 Russians recently indicted for election interference; 3. Our Republican friends must end the attacks on the Department of Justice, the FBI, and the special counsel, and let the investigation proceed unimpeded. The best way to do this is to pass legislation to protect the special counsel; Where are the notes from the president's private mtg? What did @realDonaldTrump agree to? Were @SecPompeo, Amb. Jon Huntsman or others briefed afterwards? @SenateMajLdr should join us in requesting a hearing to learn the full extent of what happened behind closed doors; 2. Probably most importantly, our Republican colleagues need to immediately join us in demanding public testimony from the president’s national security team that was in Helsinki. 1. Ratchet up sanctions on Russia, not water them down. The sanctions the Senate passed 98-2 have not even been fully implemented and someone has inserted a loophole to water them down in the House Defense legislation. Here are a few things that the Senate can do immediately in response to @realDonaldTrump's disastrous summit: It tells President Putin 'continue to take advantage of Donald Trump' because he doesn’t have the courage, the strength, maybe not even the conviction to say to Putin’s face what he tried to say a few minutes ago. If @realDonaldTrump can’t say directly to President Putin that he is wrong & we are right & our intelligence agencies are right, it’s ineffective & worse, another sign of weakness. President Trump tried to squirm away from what he said yesterday. It’s twenty-four hours too late, and in the wrong place. Thanks to GOP @RepMikeCoffman for making the effort to #SaveTheInternet bipartisan in the House. The Senate already acted 60+ days ago in a bipartisan way to restore #NetNeutrality. I urge @SpeakerRyan to immediately schedule a vote to #SaveTheInternet  BREAKING: The first House Republican is joining the movement to save #NetNeutrality and @USRepMikeDoyle's resolution to fully restore the rules now has bipartisan support. The tide is turning. The pressure is mounting. The floodgates are open. If there’s another credible explanation for why he acted the way he did, it would behoove @realDonaldTrump to let the American people in on it. .@realDonaldTrump's behavior has everyone in America scratching their heads. There is no rational explanation for it, so millions of Americans are left wondering if Putin indeed has something over the president. Putin is a trained liar. He lies brazenly, shamelessly, repeatedly about things big & small. Yet @realDonaldTrump immediately accepts Putin’s “strong & powerful denial” that he didn’t meddle in our elections over the considered judgment of dedicated US intelligence professionals. Can you imagine if Pres Kennedy believed Khrushchev when he said there were no missiles in Cuba?  Can you imagine if Pres Reagan believed Gorbachev without verifying that the USSR would reduce its missile stockpile?  We’d be living in a much different world than we are today. I shared @SenJohnMcCain's strong words on the Senate floor this am.   They should be a clarion call to every Republican to not just speak up, but to take action because the national security of America is endangered. … Last week I was asked to help on a mission from God to make sure @dan_aykroyd ‘s historic @harleydavidson from the early days of @nbcsnl could clear customs and arrive at its new home, the @NtlComedyCenter in Jamestown! It arrived safely in time for their opening in two weeks! Millions of Americans will continue to wonder if the only possible explanation for this dangerous behavior is the possibility that President Putin holds damaging information over President Trump. A single, ominous question now hangs over the White House: what could possibly cause @realDonaldTrump to put the interests of Russia over those of the United States Starting with the president’s trip to NATO and ending with his shameful performance at today’s press conference, @realDonaldTrump has strengthened our adversaries while weakening our defenses and those of our allies. For the president of the United States to side with President Putin against American law enforcement, American defense officials, and American intelligence agencies is thoughtless, dangerous, and weak. The president is putting himself over our country. In the entire history of our country, Americans have never seen a president of the United States support an American adversary the way @realDonaldTrump has supported President Putin. The purpose of foreign policy is not “to get along” w other countries. It is to shape the behavior of others in ways that are consistent w your interests and w international order. The measure of Helsinki is not whether Trump and Putin get along but how Russian behavior changes. After sifting through the last few years of CDC data, today, I am sounding the alarm and revealing that when it comes to fatal drownings and toddlers, numbers have climbed – and toddler boys are at dramatically greater risk than girls. … For @realDonaldTrump to meet with President Putin without expressing the outrage of the American people & securing real progress would be terrible for the US & and the security of our election system. Putin’s interference in our 2016 elections & our upcoming election is a serious threat to our democracy that transcends political parties. And 3rd, President Trump should not agree to weaken, lift, or curtail any of the sanctions on Russia, no matter what Putin asks. 2nd, the president must demand that the 12 Russians named in the indictment be sent to the U.S. to stand trial. Spoke w/ @SecPompeo today to make 3 points: 1st, I don’t believe the meeting should take place but if it is going to happen, @realDonaldTrump must press Putin hard on the issue of election interference. He can’t simply raise it, accept Putin’s denial & then let him off the hook. Americans also want Mueller to be able to finish his work - unobstructed. Americans don’t want Moscow (or St. Petersburg). Americans just want the hackers who interfered in our elections. … ***A SPECIAL SCHUMER REPORT*** @SenSchumer to sound alarm on rise in toddler drownings and present plan for fed action —to reach more parents & save precious livespic.twitter.com/dyjDy4cUmc It is more important than ever that @realDonaldTrump implement the defense & intelligence sector sanctions against Russia. There should be no waiver added in the NDAA for these sanctions. And, lets not forget: During his 539 days in the White House, @realDonaldTrump has done nearly nothing to hold Putin & his cronies accountable. You can blame Obama, but you’re the president today & you’re meeting alone w/ Putin on Mon. Ask him to hand over the indicted Russians. Trying to distract us again. You invited and urged Vladimir Putin to intervene in our elections. You promoted their material on Assange’s Wikileaks nearly every day of the campaign. … 1.) Those are not “stories,” but charges in an indictment.   2.) You asked Russians for their help on July 27, and they responded. Read paragraph 22 of the indictment.  3.) Obama did something; he called out the Russians, something you’re incapable of doing. Cancel the summit. … You must make it clear to President Putin that the 12 intelligence operatives now have to face justice in America.  #defenddemocracy According to the Rosenstein-Mueller indictments, these operatives stole the personal information of hundreds of thousands of American voters, including their social security numbers and addresses. … .@realdonaldtrump, today my colleagues and I are officially calling on you to demand President Putin hand over the 12 indicted Russian intelligence operatives that interfered in the 2016 election. … .@realDonaldTrump, what are you personally doing to fortify and defend America’s 2018 elections from Russian interference? The American people deserve to know. Rosenstein-Mueller accomplishments to date include guilty pleas from senior Trump officials like Deputy Campaign Chairman Rick Gates for conspiracy against the United States related to Russia. The Rosenstein-Mueller investigation is making fast work of finding criminal activity: 35 indictments, five guilty pleas and one prison sentence in a little more than a year. #DefendDemocracy Cancel the Putin meeting. Now. … Because of Republicans’ sabotage of our healthcare system, middle class Tennesseans will pay hundreds of dollars more in premiums than they would otherwise. … Congratulations on your retirement Chief. We are forever grateful for your service. #NeverForget … If Trump wants to stop drug list price increases, he's gonna have to make a few more phone calls: … I hope my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate will do the right thing and maintain the Senate’s strong language in the defense bill that reverses the administration’s awful ZTE deal. It’s clear President Trump gave away the store to China for nothing, so now it’s entirely up to Congress to right the administration’s wrong. The Trump admin’s terrible ZTE deal will undermine our national & economic security, which is exactly why the Senate overwhelmingly passed bipartisan legislation to retroactively tear it apart. Allowing ZTE to resume business is a direct betrayal of @realDonaldTrump’s promise to be tough on China & protect American workers. … Benczkowski’s longstanding ties to Jeff Sessions raises another red flag. If confirmed, he could jeopardize the the terms of Sessions’ recusal from the Mueller probe. And, if confirmed as Acting AG, he could be in a position to limit, hinder, or even shut down the investigation. We need the DOJ Criminal Division to help uncover, prevent, & deter Russian interference in our elections. Brian Benczkowski cannot lead that. I'm voting NO - make sure your Senators do too. Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has resulted in 23 indictments, 5 guilty pleas & 1 prison sentence in only one year. Confirming Brian Benczkowski puts that investigation in jeopardy. Soon the Senate will vote on the confirmation of Brian Benczkowski to lead DOJ Criminal Division. 3 things to know about him: 1. He's never tried a case 2. He's worked for the Russian Alfa Bank 3. He was a top aide to Jeff Sessions  All reasons to vote NO.pic.twitter.com/jaeJqLBWvo El Senado se unió previamente de forma bipartidista para proteger los derechos reproductivos de la mujer y proteger el ciduado de salud para millones de estadounidenses. Necesitamos unirnos de nuevo y oponernos a la nominación del juez Kavanaugh #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/YW2JkUhAIM If the Senate doesn’t stand up to #StopSCOTUS, @realDonaldTrump will succeed at ripping away preexisting condition protections that affect 130 MILLION people. #WhatsAtStake .@SenSchumer: “I’d like Trump to go to one of his rallies and say “we don’t think we should protect families with preexisting conditions.” He wouldn’t dare say it, but... he’ll sneak a Supreme Court justice onto the bench who will do just that.” #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/EIPql1A6V4 While Republicans sleep: A rising tide of authoritarianism sweeps over capitals in Turkey and the Philippines, in Hungary and Poland, in far right parties in Germany, France and Austria. And President Trump cozies up to Putin and shuns our NATO allies. Wake up! Do your jobs. Can you imagine the Supreme Court thrusting us back to a time when you could be denied health insurance in America precisely because you need it so desperately? Can you imagine going back to a time where you could be denied coverage for having one of these #PreExistingConditions?pic.twitter.com/LDMTWjd80u For children across America like Charlie, their future is #WhatsAtStake. More on why we must #StopKavanaugh and protect health care for children like her, LIVE:  …pic.twitter.com/0kzyWh06TA – bei United States Capitol Building The president needs to remember that, as Commander-in-Chief, his duty is to protect the American people from foreign threats, not to sell out our democracy to Putin. If POTUS leaves Putin mtg w/out ironclad assurances & concrete steps toward a full cessation of Russian attacks on the US, this mtg will not only be a failure, it will be a grave step back for the future of intl order & global security.  A successful mtg means real action, now. .@realDonaldTrump’s brazen insults and denigration of one of America’s most steadfast allies, Germany, is an embarrassment.  His behavior this morning is another profoundly disturbing signal that the president is more loyal to President Putin than to our NATO allies. President Trump should not meet with President Putin alone. Democrats & Republicans in Congress just agreed that the Trump administration should urgently complete a strategy to counter malign activities of Russia that seek to undermine faith in democratic institutions in the United States & around the world. @realDonaldTrump, get to work. Democrats & Republicans in Congress just agreed that the NATO alliance is critical to defending democracy, peace & prosperity throughout the world. Democrats & Republicans in Congress just agreed that continued United States leadership in NATO is critical to the national security of our country. Today, in a 97-2 vote, the Senate sent an overwhelming message to President Trump to stand by our NATO allies and to stand against President Putin. In the courts & thru his admin, @realDonaldTrump is raising #healthcare costs & decreasing access to health insurance. The latest? Slashing $ to help Americans sign up for insurance & using what’s left to promote his #junkplans that don’t cover essential services: … The nomination of Judge Kavanaugh would put our nation's heath care system in danger. More from Sens Klobuchar, Hirono & Booker, LIVE:  … #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/Pn0un8HqnB It is outrageous that President Trump’s pick to lead DOJ criminal division not only has 0 prosecutorial experience, but has direct ties to Russia’s Alfa Bank. Benczkowski is not up to the job when it comes to getting all the answers in the Russia Investigation. Not only is Mr. Benczkowski unqualified and inexperienced, he formerly represented a Russian bank with potential ties to the Trump campaign. We need a DOJ Criminal Division head who is independent, experienced and free from Russian connections. @SenatorDurbin & @JudiciaryDems agree Brian #Benczkowski isn’t that person. … Today, Senate Republicans are quietly pushing a vote on Brian Benczkowski to head the DOJ Criminal Division. This vote could have a major impact on the investigation into Russian meddling in our 2016 election. Benczkowski refuses to recuse himself from the Russia investigation despite having worked for a Russian bank under investigation for ties to Trump. He also pushed for Comey’s firing to AG Sessions while serving on the Trump transition team. Those are clear conflicts of interest. Brian Benczkowski is about to get a confirmation vote to run the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice in the Senate. Two things you should know about him are that he’s never tried a case and that he was a lawyer for Alfa Bank. So. Many. Coincidences. The DOJ Criminal Division needs a litigator, prosecutor, & legal professional with the experience required to lead the toughest cases facing our country. That’s not Trump-nominee Brian Benczkowski. Benczkowski refuses to recuse himself from the Russia investigation despite having worked for a Russian bank under investigation for ties to Trump. He also pushed for Comey’s firing to AG Sessions while serving on the Trump transition team. Those are clear conflicts of interest. TODAY @SenateGOP is quietly pushing a vote on Brian Benczkowski to head the DOJ Criminal Division. This vote will have MAJOR implications on the investigation into Russian meddling with the Trump campaign and our elections. .@SenSchumer: Now is the time to demand a justice who will protect our health care, not strike it down. Now is the time to fight for the freedom and rights that all Americans deserve. That’s #WhatsAtStake with this nomination. #SaveSCOTUS #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/IEjzEi5d58 Now is the time to fight for the freedoms and rights that all Americans deserve. That's #WhatsAtStake with this #ScotusPick. More LIVE:  …pic.twitter.com/uTO3LzlvN4 The Senate should have the ability & time to review Judge Kavanaugh’s written history, where the best clues to his jurisprudence may lie. It is no less than the standard my GOP colleagues demanded of Justice Kagan during her confirmation process. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh Judge Kavanaugh’s papers may be critical to helping the American people understand the kind of jurist that Judge Kavanaugh would be on the Supreme Court. His papers may give the Senate the best & only chance of understanding Judge Kavanaugh’s personal views. Judge Kavanaugh’s long track record of partisan politics comes w/ a long paper trail. The Senate must be able to access & adequately review all docs, emails, & paperwork associated w/ Kavanaugh before the process moves fwd. Where Brett Kavanaugh sits on the ideological spectrum  …pic.twitter.com/MeBXviG4Ef Why do you believe that abortion rights in this country are under threat?   @SenSchumer responds:pic.twitter.com/zyI31D6rCO Coming up: @SenSchumer & @SenatorLankfordpic.twitter.com/USiKttV2Q8 Ahead on @CBSThisMorning: @SenSchumer will join us for his first interview following the announcement of Brett Kavanaugh nominated to the Supreme Court.pic.twitter.com/qZsmzMHw46 I will oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination with everything I have, and I hope a bipartisan majority will do the same. The stakes are simply too high for anything less.  Read my full statement on #WhatsAtStake:  … #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/5f2Bomxltb Judge Kavanaugh got the nomination because he passed this litmus test, not because he’ll be an impartial judge on behalf of all Americans. If he were to be confirmed, women’s reproductive rights would be in the hands of five men on the Supreme Court. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/645fRDAn2m Judge Kavanaugh's own writings make clear that he would rule against reproductive rights and freedoms, and that he would welcome challenges to the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh #ScotusPickpic.twitter.com/j94kPUXSoM In selecting Judge Brett Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court, @realDonaldTrump has put reproductive rights and freedoms and health care protections for millions of Americans on the judicial chopping block. #WhatsAtStake #StopKavanaugh #ScotusPickpic.twitter.com/vUoVpJ6SHu New report from the Fed finds growth from tax plan could be ZERO percent. Once again, we see the tax bill @realDonaldTrump & the GOP pitched to the American people was actually a #GOPTaxScam for the rich. … Thank you, @SenSchumer   I live w/10+ #PreExistingConditions, #chronicillness am a #cancer survivor & live with #Lupus, I know #WhatsAtStake  We must all band together for #healthcare  Thank you for fighting for our protections.  We can't go BACKWARDS! pic.twitter.com/7DpoiCWjfX .@SenSchumer: If the nominee is from the pre-approved list, everyone ought to understand what it means for the freedom of women to make their own healthcare decisions and for Americans with pre-existing conditions. Those rights will hang in the balance. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/KHbxJOPOhS .@morethanmySLE is a survivor, a fighter, an advocate, and a NYer. He knows exactly #WhatsAtStake if Americans lose their health care protections. I’m fighting for him and all those whose story he shares.pic.twitter.com/gWgFUEkcmF No one has been more dedicated to overturning #RoevWade than the very man who chose the list of 25; no one has been more dedicated to overturning Roe v. Wade than Leonard Leo. … Later tonight, @realDonaldTrump will announce his nomination for the upcoming vacancy on the Supreme Court. My take on #WhatsAtStake LIVE:  … Donald Trump must drop the DOJ nominee who represented Russia's Alfa Bank- "Benczkowski nomination must be seen for what it is — the latest piece of a sustained, coordinated effort to undercut the Special Counsel’s credibility"- @SenatorDurbin  Trump’s nominee to lead the Justice Department’s criminal division is refusing to recuse himself from the Mueller investigation. He also represented a Putin-linked Russian bank under investigation for its secret connections with the Trump Organization. … ICYMI: the GOP is at it again, sabotaging our health care system. They have to listen to their constituents and focus on helping MORE Americans access affordable care, not less. … Here's a thread on a HUGE implication for the Mueller-Rosenstein investigation that's gone under the radar.  This week, the Senate will take up Brian Benczkowski’s suspicious nomination to head the criminal division at the Department of Justice. Insurers agree the GOP’s latest health care sabotage “...will create more market uncertainty and increase premiums for many health plans,”   The Trump administration needs to help American families and fix this as fast as possible. … Joined many of you today on Delaware Ave, enjoying great food, cool drinks, and of course spending time with the locals who call WNY & “the city of good neighbors” home! #TasteOfBuffalopic.twitter.com/JvUEAMCzWs "Let Robert Mueller do his job"  pic.twitter.com/qVayM8p2Eq Instead of picking a #SCOTUS nominee like Judge Hardiman off a list pre-approved by powerful special interests, @realDonaldTrump should work with us to find a consensus, mainstream & independent nominee. #WhatsAtStake Judge Hardiman dissented from a majority opinion to argue that hardworking paramedics should be denied overtime pay for work in excess of 40 hours a week. #WhatsatStake  … Hardiman sided w/ a trucking co. that laid off nearly 1,800 workers w/ very little notice & refused to pay them approx $8M in owed wages. One driver was unable to cover his terminal cancer treatments after the sudden firing & died 3 mos later #WhatsatStake … While under consideration for a district court nom, Hardiman donated thousands to Sen Santorum who considers contraception “dangerous” & worked w @SenateGOP on the failed Trumpcare bill to take healthcare from tens of millions of Americans. #WhatsatStake … Judge Hardiman issued a ruling favorable to the Trump Administration in its efforts to strip women of their freedom and rights by undermining the ACA’s contraception coverage benefits.  … Thomas Hardiman is a judge on the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals & on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list for SCOTUS noms, having passed his “litmus tests” on overturning Roe v. Wade & striking down critical protections in our health care system. What a morning for these runners! Congrats to everyone on another great #boilermaker15k in Utica!pic.twitter.com/xZrP3ddDlH Is anyone surprised? … Acting Director Wheeler needs to show new leadership at the EPA. He can start by pushing this important report to the finish line. With Scott Pruitt out at @EPA, will the agency’s reports on dangerous toxins see the light of day? If the report is ready to move forward, why is the Trump administration keeping important health & safety information from parents and families? … Took you long enough. Still a very long way to go to fully #DrainTheSwamp. … After months and months of Republicans’ sabotage of our health care system, Georgia insurers say that sabotage has directly resulted in premium increases, adding if the Trump administration implements their #junkplans rule, they may have to raise them even more. Kethledge was hand-picked for the #SCOTUS short list by the head of the Federalist Society, Leonard Leo. Of Leo, one conservative said, “No one has been more dedicated to the enterprise of building a Supreme Court that will overturn Roe v. Wade” … In a case brought by victims of the Flint water disaster, Judge Kethledge sided with the corporations who contributed to the crisis rather than standing up for those who suffered as a result. #WhatsatStake … Judge Kethledge wrote a concurring opinion to a decision that would have prevented as many as 200K otherwise eligible Ohio voters from casting ballots. Thankfully, #SCOTUS promptly vacated the decision & allowed the votes to be counted. #WhatsatStake … Judge Kethledge has repeatedly sided against workers in cases dealing with the right to organize, fair wages, age discrimination, and sexual harassment. #WhatsatStake … Judge Kethledge has a history of opposing women’s reproductive freedom. Anti-choice activists have praised his work as Judiciary Committee counsel for Senator Spencer Abraham (R-MI) when Sen. Abraham was pushing for a federal abortion ban. … Raymond Kethledge is a judge on the Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit & on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list, having passed the “litmus test” on overturning #RoevWade & striking down protections for ppl w/pre-ex conditions in the ACA. Here’s #WhatsAtStake if he’s confirmed: What a great 4th! My family surprised me with Yankees tickets —nothing better than sausage and peppers, cold beer, and the @Yankees winning on the Fourth of July! #IndependenceDaypic.twitter.com/s5XoutApA9 Will you join me, @realDonaldTrump? Today, I am celebrating the FREEDOM of every American to choose to marry the person they love, as established by the Supreme Court in Obergefell v. Hodges. Today, I am celebrating the FREEDOM of women to make their own health care decisions, as established by the Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade. Wishing everyone a very Happy #July4!pic.twitter.com/Zmr8XoplfH ICYMI: AARP’s @RandallHoak and @SenSchumer were in Cicero, NY with our volunteers discussing funding for the @SocialSecurity Administration.pic.twitter.com/A3D9D5bK3B THREAD. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake … Instead of picking a #SCOTUS nominee off a list pre-approved by powerful special interests, @realDonaldTrump should instead consult with @SenateDems & @SenateGOP to find a consensus, mainstream & independent nominee. #WhatsAtStake  … Kavanaugh frequently sides with powerful interests rather than defending the rights of all Americans like when he argued that the FCC’s #NetNeutrality rule benefiting millions of consumers was unconstitutional.  … Kavanaugh has taken numerous positions that question his ability to be an indep. check on @POTUS, saying investigations of presidents should be deferred while in office & a president needn’t obey it when he “deems the law unconstitutional.” #WhatsAtStake  … Brett Kavanaugh would have helped the Trump administration keep a young girl in federal custody to prevent her obtaining constitutionally protected health care. #WhatsAtStake  … Kavanaugh argued that the D.C. Circuit should consider a claim that the ACA was unconstitutional. Several of his fellow judges described Kavanaugh’s argument as a “flawed” “misread” of #SCOTUS precedent. #WhatsAtStake  … Brett Kavanaugh is a judge on the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit & on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list, having passed the “litmus test” on overturning Roe v. Wade & striking down protections for ppl w/ pre-ex conditions in the ACA. Here’s #WhatsAtStake if he’s confirmed: Twice, Justice Kennedy was the deciding vote in support of women's reproductive rights. So make no mistake: this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care – a right @POTUS has repeatedly vowed to roll back. #WhatsAtStake #RoevWadepic.twitter.com/JJpDjy0v9G Enjoyed lively conversation tonight with my constituents led by @bkindivisible. Heard their concerns & felt their passion despite being stuck at the airport in Utica during our townhall. We’ll keep fighting!pic.twitter.com/uD6EmzWVCs With >9K cases pending, Syracuse Social Security field office has the largest case backlog in NYS & the avg wait time for an appeals hearing is >620days. That’s no way to support NY’s seniors. Let’s get them off hold immediately: … Schumer urges new Nexus enrollment site at Buffalo airport  Even after my urging last month, the Post Office is still preventing veterans from distributing poppies. It is exasperating that USPS would stand in the way of this long-standing tradition that helps so many veterans. Intro-ing new bill the change this: … Told @CBP today: Why wait? Approve Buffalo’s plan for a new, accessible, & improved Nexus enrollment center to make travel easier & faster for Western NYers. … .@SenSchumer due to speak at the Cicero Senior Center this afternoon.pic.twitter.com/iNrlCep2kr Heartbroken to learn of the death in the line of duty of NYS Trooper Nicholas Clark, this morning.  May God bless him, his family and our great @nyspolice. The bottom line: Judge Barrett has given every indication that she will be an activist judge on the Court. If chosen as the nominee, she will be the deciding vote to overturn Roe v. Wade and to strike down pre-existing conditions protections in the ACA. #WhatsAtStake She disagrees with “stare decisis” - the idea that cases like Roe v. Wade are settled law in the courts - and instead has said she wants “space” for “reargument.”   … Barrett also fought efforts to ensure that all women have access to contraceptives. … Barrett attacked the Supreme Court’s decision upholding the Affordable Care Act, which has helped millions of people secure health insurance coverage.  … Amy Coney Barrett is a judge on the Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit & on @realDonaldTrump’s pre-approved list for SCOTUS. She passed his “litmus test” on overturning Roe v. Wade & striking down the ACA.  Here’s where she stands on Americans' big issues: The Senate must oppose ideological nominees to the Supreme Court who would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade and the Affordable Care Act, writes Chuck Schumer, the Senate minority leader  After NK summit, @realDonaldTrump said “everybody can now feel much safer…There is no longer a Nuclear threat from North Korea.”   Now it’s reported that NK is planning to keep and conceal nuclear weapons.   Photo ops just don’t bring peace. … What a month! Thank you to all the organizers, activists, marchers & friends who made the #Pride events this month a huge success. We're in this together & we will not give up the fight! #PrideMonth #NYCPridepic.twitter.com/AISGjsSpeL The president has the power to appoint a czar to marshal & organize the agencies in charge of reunifying families. He should exercise that power, listen to all those marching today & clean up the mess he made w/ his slapdash family separation policy. #FamiliesBelongTogetherMarch Mr. President - we know each judge on the list of 25 handpicked by the @FedSoc will overturn Roe v. Wade and strike down pre-existing condition protections. You don’t need to ask. … A vibrant, free press is a pillar of American democracy enshrined in our Constitution. I salute those who dedicate their lives to this profession and mourn for those we lost yesterday. 2/2 I stand w/ fellow Americans who are appalled by the horrific attack at the Capital Gazette, a wonderful community-based newspaper company. 1/2 Bob Mueller is a decorated Marine, former DoJ prosecutor, and former FBI Director.  And, let me remind you, he is a REPUBLICAN.  And he was appointed by a REPUBLICAN.  In a little more than a year, he has secured 23 indictments, five guilty pleas and one prison sentence. … If anything should happen at this mtg, @realDonaldTrump must inform Putin of his intent to aggressively implement tough sanctions that Congress passed last yr nearly unanimously and tell him we will no longer stand by while he works to destabilize & harm us & our NATO allies. The American people have to wonder: why is our president so committed to building a relationship with someone so dedicated to undermining our democracy and doing harm to our friends and allies? For @realDonaldTrump to reward President Putin with a one-on-one meeting while Russia actively continues to interfere with our elections & undermine the integrity of the transatlantic alliance, proves his priorities are out of whack. This is dangerous, this is weak, and it’s yet another slap in the face to the intelligence professionals who quite literally risk their lives to gather this kind of intelligence. The President can either believe his Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, or he can believe Vladimir Putin. … And they’re lying. The President can either believe Russia or he can believe our country’s intel chiefs, generals, cabinet secretaries, and diplomats who’ve all said the same thing: Russia interfered in the 2016 election, and they’ll be back in 2018. … Americans from all corners of the country: rise up & speak out. Tell your Senators that if they vote for a Supreme Court justice who will dismantle your health care protections or overturn Roe v. Wade, they're not fighting for you. Tell them #WhatsAtStake.  …pic.twitter.com/opdDN9ay2k Every American should have their eyes wide open to the fact that @realDonaldTrump has sworn to nominate a justice, from a pre-ordained list vetted by @Heritage & @FedSoc – organizations whose mission has been to repeal Roe v. Wade and strike at the heart of our health care law. .@realDonaldTrump will nominate a justice willing to re-interpret the ruling on the ACA. Remember when he said: “Justice Roberts turned out to be an absolute disaster because he gave us Obamacare.” “I don’t think I’ll have any catastrophic appointment like Justice Roberts.” .@realDonaldTrump will nominate a #SCOTUS justice willing to send Roe “back to the states” – those are his own words – where several are preparing, if not already prepared, to roll back a woman’s right to choose. #WhatsAtStake So today @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats are standing up for public employees – teachers, nurses & health care providers, firefighters, police officers, EMTs, librarians, correctional officers – w/ our #ABetterDeal bill to protect the right to organize & bargain collectively. #Unions built the middle class in this country, & now Republicans & their friends on the court are doing everything they can to rip them apart at the seams. The Janus decision was a gut punch to working people across the country. If the Senate’s constitutional duty to advise and consent is just as important as the President’s right to nominate, as Leader McConnell also reminded us, why should a midterm election be any less important than a presidential election? If GOP were consistent, they would wait to consider Justice Kennedy’s successor until after the midterm elections. Time & again Ldr McConnell claimed the American ppl should have a voice in deciding the next SCOTUS Justice. That was in Feb of an election year. It’s almost July. Why do you trust Putin more than your own Republican DOJ officials and the Republican special counsel that was appointed by a Republican?  Sit down and do the interview. … In 2016, Senate Republicans said that the American people deserve an opportunity to speak on Supreme Court nominees.   Now that Justice Kennedy is retiring and @realDonaldTrump is president, will they silence them?pic.twitter.com/nT0wtgET6O Americans should make it clear that they will not tolerate a nominee chosen from President Trump’s pre-ordained list, selected by powerful special interests, who will reverse the progress we have made over the decades. People from all across America should realize that their rights and opportunities are threatened and should make their voices heard loudly, clearly, and consistently. Millions of ppl are just months away from determining the senators who should vote to confirm or reject POTUS’s nominee, & their voices deserve to be heard now, as @SenateMajLdr thought they deserved to be heard then. Anything but that would be the absolute height of hypocrisy. My @SenateGOP colleagues should follow the rule they set in 2016 not to consider a SCOTUS nominee in an election year. Sen McConnell would tell anyone who listened that the Senate had the right to advise & consent, & that was every bit as important as POTUS’ right to nominate. The Senate should reject anyone who will instinctively side with powerful special interests over the interests of average Americans. Will Republicans & @realDonaldTrump nominate & vote for someone who will preserve protections for people w/ preexisting conditions, or will they support a justice who will put health insurance companies over patients, or put the federal government between a woman & her doctor? This is the most important Supreme Court vacancy for this country in at least a generation. Nothing less than the fate of our health care system, reproductive rights for women, and countless other protections for middle-class Americans are at stake. .@realDonaldTrump needs to end the inhumanity & chaos at the border, but we also need a real strategy to go after cartels & gangs in Central America, curbing the violence that sends migrants north in the first place. @SenateDems unveil our plan at 12pm:  There is a pretty simple reason people are fleeing Central America. It is the impunity of gangs and cartels and the brutal violence they spread. Corporate interests have been rigging the system against workers for decades – and the Supreme Court just handed those interests a huge victory in #Janus v. AFSCME. But I’ve got news for the billionaires behind this case: we’re not going anywhere. #Unionpic.twitter.com/LAxpB1k3iY I want to be clear: anyone who supports the lawsuit against the ACA has said loud and clear that they don’t support protections for people with pre-existing conditions. More LIVE:  … The Republican strategy is clear: increase the deficit on behalf of special interests, then use that as an excuse to slash benefits that hardworking Americans have earned.  Democrats will do everything possible to prevent that from happening. Today’s report is another reminder about the true costs of handing out massive tax breaks to billionaires & large corporations: … The president’s travel ban doesn’t make us safer, and the Supreme Court’s ruling doesn’t make it right. This is a backward and un-American policy that fails to improve our national security. We cannot be a nation that strips health care away from those who need it most. Tune in to my press conference with @NancyPelosi, @SenSchumer and @LittleLobbyists addressing Trump’s attacks on those with pre-existing conditions here:     #ProtectOurCare … Simply put, @realDonaldTrump turned his back on the most popular & most humane advancement in our health care system: protections for Americans w/ pre-existing conditions. The young people with us today & everyone they fight for deserve better. We’re here w/ @LittleLobbyists today because the protections put in place by the ACA for people with pre-existing conditions are under assault.  Watch live:  …pic.twitter.com/z9HMqaNGuV .@realDonaldTrump, you said giving corporations like Harley a big tax giveaway would mean more jobs.   Instead, many corporate executives announced buybacks and laid off American workers.  … … Chief Spadafora spent his whole life serving the ppl of NY, &we can never thank him enough. He answered the call time & time again when tragedy struck. He led recovery efforts after 9/11 & that has now taken his life.  He will forever be one of our heroes. … Then why are you tweeting about it? These decisions can & should be made by @realDonaldTrump's appointees at @FBI & @TheJusticeDept.  And, another reminder, Special Counsel Mueller has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 20 ppl & 3 Cos. (including 3 former Trump aides) … Family dinner tonight at L&B Spumoni Gardens in the heart of Italian Brooklyn — like eating in Sicily!pic.twitter.com/n9d7oKpDdW Marching in the #NYCPride Parade has special meaning this year as I am marching with my daughter Alison and her wonderful fiancée Biz! #HappyPridepic.twitter.com/xYj8ENi80N See you there! … LIVE - Senator chuck Schumer to demand Trump Admin to appoint Czar to oversee separated family reunion. CNN signal now on SD 3 Sen. Schumer calls on the White House to appoint a czar to handle the reunification of families and children separated at the border. Says that the fact 3 different agencies are involved (HHS, CBP and DOJ) can slow the process.pic.twitter.com/4yPqK53bvo .@SenSchumer calls for federal "Czar" to oversee reunification of children and parents separated in illegal border crossings. The Trump ‘zero-tolerance’ immigration policy has left many with zero confidence in the admin’s ability to quickly reunite children w/ their parents. The admin should appoint a Czar to break thru the bureaucracy & get these kids out of limbo & back in their parents arms. The Special Counsel’s investigation into Russian interference in US elections has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 20 ppl & 3 companies. Five of these ppl, including three former Trump aides, have already pleaded guilty. … People of all political stripes should read conservative @GeorgeWill’s amazing column: … Best wishes and congrats go out to @TinaMoorereport on being promoted by the @nypost as the paper’s FIRST female Police Bureau Chief. It may be the GOP’s 6 mo anniversary, but remember what @realDonaldTrump promised the American people? He said the Republican tax bill would give a $4,000 raise for the average American family. Spoiler: it hasn’t. #GOPTaxScam … If you look at the numbers, corporations are reaping record profits as a result of the #GOPTaxScam, but that savings isn’t really being passed onto their workers.  Since the beginning of 2018, corporations have announced plans to repurchase more than $480 billion in stock buybacks. Meanwhile, the @washingtonpost reported that “wages aren’t just flat, they are falling” for the largest group of American workers. … 6 mos ago, in the dead of night, the GOP jammed thru the #GOPTaxScam lavishing tax cuts on big corps & the wealthiest few. @realDonaldTrump & the GOP promised this would help the middle class, & even give families $4K more in their pockets. But the tax law has failed to deliver. More increases in health insurance rates out of Indiana and Iowa today—those higher costs are thanks to the sabotage actions of the Trump administration & Republicans in Congress, who are more concerned about scoring political points than lowering costs for American families. Open borders, @realDonaldTrump? The bipartisan immigration bill I authored had $40 billion for border security and would have been far more effective than the wall. While @realDonaldTrump signed an exec order on his policy of family separation, it does nothing for the >2,300 children who have already been separated. Today @NancyPelosi & I are writing him with one simple request: reunite these suffering children with their families.pic.twitter.com/MQ3YcIXavw .@realDonaldTrump hasn’t taken care of the problem, not by any stretch of the imagination. But now that he’s finally admitted that his administration does have the power to take action, I urge him to address these serious, unresolved issues. What is the admin's plan to reunite the children already separated from their families? The EO is silent on that. How many facilities are these kids in now? What is their condition? Why hasn’t the media been allowed in to see and verify that the conditions are humane? The way the executive order was drafted means that it will not go into effect until a court rules on its legality. What is @realDonaldTrump's policy on family separation in the meantime? Will he continue to insist that these heartbreaking separations continue? I hope this means @realDonaldTrump will stop blaming others for problems he creates & start fixing them himself. He may have signed his executive order, but we have even more questions: For a little over a month, @realDonaldTrump’s family separation policy has resulted in >2,300 children separated from their families. After wks of acting like his admin bore no responsibility for the policy, contravening all fact & reality, I hope this represents a turning point. Keeping these children separated from their families is unacceptable and must be rectified. This has to be our number one priority #KeepFamiliesTogether … He can start with correcting the problems that this executive order will create, and should also undo his #DACA order, which has put so many young people in limbo. I also hope this represents a turning point & @POTUS will stop blaming others for problems he creates & start fixing them himself. It’s a relief that @realDonaldTrump has reversed himself & recognized the cruelty of his policy of separating families. While the EO doesn’t reference the families already ripped apart, I hope & expect that the admin will be able to quickly reunite these children w/their parents. Protecting US jobs & our nation’s security must remain paramount & not something that we can compromise on. As my colleagues on both sides have already stated, it is vital that the House keep this bipartisan provision in the defense bill as it heads towards a conference. My Republican colleagues must resist efforts by the Trump administration – at the behest of the Government of China -  to get them to water down or back off of the Senate’s strong language on ZTE in the defense bill. It’s as easy as this Mr. President. Just sign on the line, @realDonaldTrump. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/rhZcd9Iib2 It's unconscionable that the US govt is housing babies & toddlers alone in an institutional setting. This crisis was willfully & purposefully created by @realDonaldTrump. It can & should be ended by the same mechanism.   With the simple flick of a pen, this can be ended. You - and not the law - are responsible for this family separation policy, @realDonaldTrump. GOP Senators and members of your own administration have confirmed this. You could reverse this terrible practice in a few minutes- but you refuse to lift a finger. … Anyone who believes this Republican Congress is capable of addressing this issue is kidding themselves. @realDonaldTrump can end this crisis with the flick of his pen, and he needs to do so now. .@SpeakerRyan wants to pass a massive bill that may not even pass the House & couldn’t pass Senate, @SenateGOP are supposedly eyeing a bill @realDonaldTrump wouldn’t sign even if it made it to his desk& @POTUS continues to try to use separated fams as hostages in the leg process. .@realDonaldTrump, if you share the outrage of the vast majority of Americans, if you’re ashamed of what’s happening at the border, YOU CAN change your administration’s policy right now. #KeepFamiliesTogether … Unbelievably, the Administration has chosen to no longer defend the law of the land that protects those with pre-existing conditions.   Once again, both Republican and Democrat governors are standing side by side against this disappointing decision.pic.twitter.com/xgXBwWisbj The Trump administration and Republicans in Congress should work with Democrats in a bipartisan way to make health care more affordable instead of taking actions that jack up costs on middle-class families and those that are sick that need health care the most. That’s exactly why more than 95% of the health care groups that filed comments about this proposed rule criticized it. In fact, not a single group that represents physicians, nurses, hospitals, or patients voiced support for it. Finalizing this rule is simply the latest act of sabotage of our health care system by the Trump administration and a back door to expanding junk insurance plans that weaken protections for people with pre-existing conditions. … BREAKING: Senate rejects Trump’s rescue of Chinese firm ZTE  It is vital that our colleagues in the House keep this bipartisan provision in the bill as it heads towards a conference. We’re heartened that both parties made it clear that protecting American jobs and national security must come first when making deals with countries like China, which has a history of having little regard for either. Joining @SenTomCotton @ChrisVanHollen & @marcorubio in releasing a joint statement following the passage of #NDAA with a bipartisan ZTE amendment: … It’s time for @realDonaldTrump to stop lying.  As senior Trump officials – including members of his own cabinet- have said, the Trump administration is responsible for the policy that separates children from their families at the border. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/kFjzar2EW9 As everyone who has looked at this agrees, this was done by the president, not Democrats. He can fix it tomorrow if he wants to, and if he doesn’t want to, he should own up to the fact that he’s doing it. … If the House moderates really want to get something done on immigration, they should not be duped by their leadership for a bill that they know isn’t going anywhere. House mods will lose all credibility if they accept this sham of a bill; it's extreme & drastically cuts immigration in ways unacceptable to the Senate & American ppl. It holds #Dreamers &kids separated frm parents hostage to cut legal immigration & enact the hard right’s agenda. Instead of supporting this so-called “moderate” bill, @HouseGOP who want to get something done for Dreamers should stick to their original idea: Protect the Dreamers and work in a bipartisan way to secure the border. By all reports, the House “moderate” immigration bill is hardly moderate at all. It would cut legal immigration dramatically and punish #Dreamers. It’s hard to believe that so-called House Republican moderates could vote for such a party line bill that is doomed to fail. He turned 95 this week folks! Very grateful for my dad, Abe and my mom, Selma- she turned 90 on #DDay- and all they’ve done for our family. A happy #FathersDay to all!pic.twitter.com/pi3QmYk9zo – bei Kyma Today as we celebrate #FathersDay, I want to share a few words I said about my Dad, Abe Schumer, this week on his 95th birthday. He is a #WWII veteran, and he worked so hard to let his children and grandchildren follow their dreams. I'll never stop being grateful for that.pic.twitter.com/ciOdlrKrHD .@realDonaldTrump, the IG report found what we all knew: James Comey’s actions helped you. During the election, the Russia investigation was concealed from the public, the other was inappropriately turned into a media circus. … Minnesota implemented a reinsurance program. This is what can happen when states support patients and fight back against @realDonaldTrump and @SenateGOP efforts to undermine our health care system. … This Father’s Day, I’m headed to the border with @SenJeffMerkley to focus on the inhumanity of separating kids from their moms and dads when families are legally seeking asylum and get a first-hand look at what is happening. Follow along Sunday for updates from our trip. Republicans in the House put forth a proposal that is dead on arrival in the Senate. When they get serious about finding an actual solution, Democrats will be ready to join them at the table. Today marks the 6th anniversary of the announcement #DACA. Rather than celebrating all of the things immigrant youth gained, we are instead reminded that our Republican colleagues and the Trump administration are not serious about finding a solution for our #Dreamers. Unless of course by “my people” the President means his cabinet:pic.twitter.com/fTkYkVM4aE This is the United States is America, not the United States of Trump. We are a democracy not a dictatorship. So thank God this will never happen. … .@realDonaldTrump’s actions on China are on the money. China is our real trade enemy, & their theft of intellectual property & their refusal to let our companies compete fairly threatens millions of future US jobs. … .@realDonaldTrump which makes more sense? You fired Comey because he HURT Hillary Clinton? Or this:pic.twitter.com/5IMSWIsUzn I hope Sec @stevenmnuchin1 @SecAzar & @SecretaryAcosta will abandon their proposed rule, and instead work with @SenateDems to improve health care and lower costs for American families. … We've been hearing from our constituents about these #junkplans, and a recent @latimes analysis found “[n]ot a single group representing patients, physicians, nurses or hospitals voiced support in the public comments for the two Trump administration proposals.”pic.twitter.com/t7lsFHQEWO Healthcare experts overwhelmingly condemn the Trump administration’s plan, asserting the expanded sale and marketing of short-term “#junkplans” will negatively affect coverage.pic.twitter.com/ZlYK5zjp2U Today 44 Senators signed this letter to members of @realDonaldTrump's cabinet urging them to listen to the patients, advocates, doctors, nurses, hospitals & other medical providers who have spoken out against #junkplans & stop moving forward with their proposed rule.pic.twitter.com/7nzQ3Ou2iy Director Comey’s mishandling of the publicity around the Clinton email campaign all accrued to the benefit of then candidate Trump, not the other way around. Democrats said it then, and the Inspector General makes that clear now. I support diplomatic engagement over twitter insults. But Pres Trump’s lack of preparedness at North Korea summit cost the U.S. He needs to do better, or he will keep handing victories to NK & do a real disservice to the security of America & our allies. … Suspending US-South Korea joint military exercises is a mistake. I hope the President is successful in his efforts to achieve full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. But making unnecessary & unreciprocated concessions is not in our interests.  … I’ve now seen the Inspector General’s report. It contains no evidence to make any reasonable person conclude that the Mueller investigation is anything other than independent, impartial & just as important today as it was before this report was issued. The Trump administration is raising #healthcare costs for millions of Americans and attacking protections for people with pre-existing conditions that @RealDonaldTrump promised to protect.   Senate Dems are fighting back.pic.twitter.com/LGEXD50AJk My dad, a #WorldWarII veteran turns 95 today on #FlagDay. What a blessing!pic.twitter.com/ZzcMRzBh8I NEW: The Trump administration's push to unravel more provisions of the ACA could affect tens of millions of people who get health insurance through their work  … by @StephArmour1 When @realDonaldTrump and his Justice Department abandoned their duty to defend the law of the land, they put the health care of 130 million Americans with a pre-existing condition at risk. It’s another example of Trump’s health care agenda of discrimination.pic.twitter.com/Xl5rYRY3AK After promising to protect ppl w/ pre-existing conditions from being denied affordable health care, @realDonaldTrump stabbed them right in the back by trying to remove those protections in the courts & by trying to expand #junkplans that will effectively price them out. The latest report from the American Academy of Actuaries further confirms that the Trump administration and Congressional Republicans’ systematic efforts to sabotage our health care system are driving up costs for millions of middle-class families. … Both Rs & Ds must be resolute in blocking @realDonaldTrump's bad pro-China ZTE deal. Protecting our natl & economic security is paramount, &any deal that jeopardizes them should be stopped as both parties have already agreed. We can't back off on an issue so vital to America. Exactly right. The Finger Lakes region is not and will never be a good location for this incinerator, and we have to stand strong to protect local jobs, so many in the tourism industry, & our precious natural resources. #FLX … Great news for Long Island (and the entire region) as @LIMacArthur continues to make improvements. TY to @SenGillibrand, @SenSchumer and @TownofIslip Supervisor Carpenter for your efforts! … The income inequality gap is at the highest levels since the Great Depression, a sure sign the Trump admin and the GOP in Congress need to work with Democrats to give workers #ABetterDeal & a chance to achieve basic economic security. … If @realDonaldTrump truly wants to make America great again, he needs to start by protecting American workers & disassembling the rigged system that undermines their freedoms. He can start by joining us in giving workers #ABetterDeal. More:  … It is terrible to see the Trump Administration taking Michigan families back to the days when being a woman was considered a preexisting condition or when a patient had to pay more because he or she had cancer or another serious disease. … My remembrance of Tim Russert a decade after his death … Hard to believe it’s been 10 years without one of America’s greatest journalists and Buffalo’s most passionate advocates. From Western NY to Washington, we miss you Tim. #GoBillspic.twitter.com/kyedDWTux0 3rd meeting of the day and working with @SenSchumer to fight #ACA sabotage. Very proud of my senator!pic.twitter.com/BKRQwA96i5 The emphasis on showmanship as opposed to substance at the #NorthKoreaSummit will not serve America or the prospects for peace well in the long run. Mr. President, if only it were that easy, that simple. … Glad you noticed. We wrote you last month asking for action:  … … Republicans should instead work with Democrats now and throughout the summer to focus on lowering healthcare costs for the American people. Actions speak louder than words. So far, the @SenateGOP’s own legislation and the Trump administration’s actions prove that they’re hell-bent on sabotaging the system, driving up costs for American families, and undermining protections for pre-existing conditions. If Republicans are serious about maintaining protections for people with pre-existing conditions, they should join us in urging the Trump administration to reverse their shameful decision to not defend the constitutionality of that vital provision that is already the law. If you are pregnant, mentally ill, have cancer, a bad knee, asthma, diabetes, sleep apnea, acne, lupus or any other pre-existing condition, please be aware that the Republicans are trying to allow insurance companies to jack up your rates or not give you coverage at all. ICYMI @SenatorHassan on how the Trump administration has put politics over people by refusing to defend protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. Watch: … WATCH LIVE - standing with @SenSchumer @SenatorCardin @ChrisCoons & @SenateDems to talk the #TrumpKimSummit -  … What the United States has gained is vague and unverifiable; what North Korea has gained, however, is tangible and lasting. More on our take on the #NorthKoreaSummit LIVE:  … Last night, I sat down with Tiara Parker, a survivor of the #Pulse shooting. Today is the 2 year anniversary of this tragedy and we join together to remember the 49 lives lost to this act of hatred and terror. #HonorThemWithActionpic.twitter.com/Z04e9s9ebE As a candidate, President Trump talked a big game on lowering drug prices, but after 500 days in office the only health care “Price” he has dropped is his former Secretary. Go @NYRangers! But congrats to the @Capitals and stay safe everyone celebrating in DC today. … We know #FamiliesBelongTogether. That's why we're urging the full Senate to step up, remember our values, and pass our Keep Families Together Act. Learn more:  …pic.twitter.com/NUViXHsJxQ 2 yrs ago today, 49 beautiful lives were taken from us far too soon. Today we remember & mourn but we must, must, must #HonorThemWithAction in every community, city & state. Have the hard conversation today about #GunViolence in America. Dont put it off. Tell the story of #Pulse.pic.twitter.com/Q439wkK2mL The fact that a bipartisan group of senators came together this quickly is a testament to how bad the Trump administration's ZTE deal is and how we will not shy away from holding the president's feet to the fire when it comes to keeping his promise to be tough on China. By including this provision to undo the ZTE deal in the defense bill, the Senate is saying loudly and in a bipartisan fashion that @realDonaldTrump is dead wrong to back off on ZTE. .@SenateMajLdr has shown he’s willing to confirm a judge over the objection of one home state Senator, but he will erase a fine & noble tradition of bipartisanship & consultation if he schedules a vote & confirms a judge opposed by both Senators, like Bounds. Bounds is also controversial & had some rather offensive writings that he failed to disclose to the bipartisan Judicial Advisory Committee established by @RonWyden & @SenJeffMerkley, yet despite the opposition of BOTH OR senators, the Majority is moving forward with Bounds’ nom. Farr has spent a lengthy legal career defending the interests of corps against their workers. He 2x defended the GOP's gerrymandering of congressional districts & defended NC’s restrictive voter ID law, which “targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision.” In the next few weeks, the Senate is likely to take up two highly controversial judicial nominees: Thomas Farr for the Eastern District of North Carolina and Ryan Bounds for a Ninth Circuit seat in Oregon. As Justice #Sotomayor aptly observes, today’s decision forces minority communities to be ‘even more proactive and vigilant in holding their states accountable and working to dismantle the obstacles they face in exercising the fundamental right to vote.’ #Ohio #Husted #SCOTUSpic.twitter.com/Hu16AWlKlv The Supreme Court’s decision in #HustedvAPRI threatens to embolden states to undermine our democracy and deny eligible voters their fundamental right to vote. #ProtectMyVote  Read our statement here:  …pic.twitter.com/m86guceHLn In today’s decision, the #SCOTUS seemingly ignores the rights of the eligible voters who will be denied the right to vote in future elections simply because they chose not to vote in the past. When Congress passed the NVRA, a balance between was struck between the desire to make it as easy as possible for eligible voters to cast ballots and the need for States to maintain accurate voter rolls. Democracy suffers when laws make it harder for U.S. Citizens to vote. This decision is dangerous and damaging and is NOT why we passed the National Voter Registration Act in ‘93. In fact, this goes completely against the spirit of the law. The right to  vote is the most sacred right we have as citizens. Aggressive voter purge systems like Ohio’s essentially make voting a “use it or lose it” privilege. The ongoing push to disenfranchise American voters, led by the Trump administration and its allies at the state and local level, received a big boost from the #SCOTUS today. This is why elections matter. … #NetNeutrality may end today but the fight for an open Internet continues. The House can restore the rules by following the Senate's lead and passing the CRA with bipartisan support. One of many reasons small business owners, and all Americans, should make sure their representatives are fighting to #SaveTheInternet. #NetNeutrality … The repeal of #NetNeutrality officially goes into effect today, but the fight is far from over.  The people saying we can’t pass the resolution to #SaveTheInternet in the House are the same people who were saying we couldn't do it in the Senate.  Ignore them. Just keep fighting. Every Republican who opposed this vote will own any and all of the damaging consequences of the FCC’s horribly misguided decision. It's now as clear as day to every American that w/the exception of 3 @SenateGOP mbrs, their GOP reps in the Congress chose to protect special interests & the biggest corps over middle-class families, avg consumers, entrepreneurs & anyone who relies on the free & open internet. That’s exactly why the entire Senate Democratic caucus sent a letter last week urging @SpeakerRyan to schedule a vote immediately to #SaveTheInternet.pic.twitter.com/3nDVGUg0mx By refusing to bring up the Senate-passed, bipartisan resolution to restore #NetNeutrality House GOP leaders gave a green light to the big ISPs to charge middle-class Americans, small business owners, schools, rural Americans, and communities of color more to use the internet. Sen. Schumer pushes for more suicide prevention federal funding  pic.twitter.com/bvZo7WjOoI Over the past couple of weeks, we have lost some very well-known people, near and dear to so many in New York, but in the past year, we have lost tens-of-thousands of lives to suicide in this country. 45,000 to be exact. One is too many. 45,000 demands action. Read more: … Statistics show that if we can reach troubled people before, even in the midst of suicide ideation, there is a good chance they can be helped.   We must do better. … TONIGHT AT 8PM: “Recent tragedies and the CDC report on increased suicide rates are the kinds of things that put a giant lump in your throat and a hole in your heart.” -@SenSchumer … Are we executing Putin’s diplomatic and national security strategy or AMERICA’s diplomatic and national security strategy? After the last few days, it’s hard to tell. Update: Trump said the U.S. will not sign a joint communique with other G-7 countries  .@realDonaldTrump, let me take a second to update my numbers.  Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has now either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 20 people and three companies. Five of these people, including three former Trump aides, have already pleaded guilty. … Last year, the @HouseGOP voted to rip protections away from millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. Now, the Trump DOJ is trying to do it again. #ProtectOurCare  .@realDonaldTrump & his admin have asked the courts to let insurance companies to deny care, charge more, and discriminate against the 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions - everything from cancer to asthma. Yet again the Trump Admin is sabotaging your health care. We’re urging @realDonaldTrump & @TheJusticeDept to reverse course immediately & stand up for the protections the American people rely on. Our letter:pic.twitter.com/USa4XlS4D1 Readmitting Russia to the G-7 would reward Vladimir Putin for actions the U.S. and its allies have condemned, and would clearly be contrary to America’s interests. The president’s foreign policy decision making seems to become more erratic every day. … The president’s support for inviting Russia back into the G-7, just after they meddled in the election to support his campaign, will leave millions of Americans with serious questions and suspicions. We need the president to be able to distinguish between our allies and adversaries, and to treat each accordingly. On issue after issue, he’s failed to do that. .@realDonaldTrump is turning our foreign policy into an international joke, doing lasting damage to our country, without any rhyme or reason. A little less tweeting, a little more preparing for the summit. Our points are important ones that should be considered. … The Trump Administration and Congressional Republicans are coming after protections for those with pre-existing conditions through a lawsuit. I’ll fight them every step of the way. … In their quest to undermine the ACA, the Trump Admin is now trying to throw out protections for people with pre-existing conditions. Unconscionable. American people deserve better. … The legal challenge at issue here may be somewhat of a long shot on the merits. But if it does ultimately succeed, it could toss out the hardest-fought and most significant parts of the Affordable Care Act. … The Trump administration says key parts of Obamacare — including the provisions protecting those with pre-existing conditions — are invalid, a move that upends a longstanding norm that the executive branch will uphold existing laws.  The Trump administration won't defend central provisions of the Affordable Care Act, saying in a legal filing that key parts of the Affordable Care Act should be invalidated and that the individual mandate is unconstitutional  pic.twitter.com/a1UQ6BFLh8 The Trump administration once again is allowing premiums to go up and middle class Americans to pay more. The ACA is the law of the land and DOJ should defend it. News that President Trump is ignoring counterintelligence procedures by using unsecured cell phones is unacceptable. This leaves him and the U.S. government open to hacking and surveillance. We’re calling for a threat assessment to determine the president’s exposure.pic.twitter.com/u5JCYMr7qo With ICBMs and nuclear warheads in the hands of North Korea, the situation is far too dangerous for seat of the pants negotiating. … 21 days ago, we proved @AjitPaiFCC and the special interests wrong and passed the resolution to save #NetNeutrality in the Senate. We can do it again in the House.  Today, the entire Senate Democratic Caucus and I are demanding that @SpeakerRyan immediately hold a vote.pic.twitter.com/vHaWE0McMk Access to the internet is not a luxury; it’s a necessity for people in Michigan. Last month I joined Republicans and Democrats in the Senate to overturn the rules repealing #NetNeutrality. Today I’m calling on Speaker Ryan to schedule a vote NOW in the House.pic.twitter.com/lSaMHQTSHH We passed our #NetNeutrality CRA in the Senate, & @SenateDems are still in the fight. Today we wrote to @SpeakerRyan to let him know the clock is ticking & it's past time he let the House vote to #savetheinternet:   … Today @SenateDems urged @SpeakerRyan to put middle-class families over special interests & vote on the bipartisan Senate-passed #NetNeutrality bill. Time is ticking Mr. Speaker; let's #SaveTheInternet.  The time has come to decriminalize marijuana. It’s simply the right thing to do. … .@realDonaldTrump should be aiming his trade fire at China, but instead he inexplicably aims it at allies like Canada, Mexico and Europe. When it comes to China, despite his tough talk, this deal with ZTE proves the president just shoots blanks. … With rail shipments of crude oil on the upswing, Schumer pushes for tighter rules   #ROC It is clear to me that we need an all-of-the-above approach to safety, so I am urging @USDOT & @ENERGY to finally publish & finalize standards that will stabilize highly explosive crude oil before shipping it through Upstate New York. … “If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, argue the facts. If the law and the facts are against you, pound the table and yell like hell.” -Carl Sandburg … It would not have been decided in our favor if not for the American troops, grizzled veterans & fresh faced recruits, who, on that fateful morning 74 years ago, “laid so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom.” Let us never forget them. #DDay74 #DDay was a turning point in a war that determined the outcome of human freedom in the 20th Century. Today we give thanks for the brave men who gave their lives that day to break Hitler’s hold on Europe, and their comrades who sustained the long march that liberated a continent and ended the Nazi menace. 74 yrs ago, Allied forces conducted the largest seaborne invasion in human history. At stake were not only the lives of hundreds of thousands of American sailors, pilots, infantry &paratroopers, as well as Canadian &English forces, but the future of Europe &the cause of freedom. Little has changed in Brooklyn, maybe the languages spoken, but parents are still working hard & encouraging their children to do even better. We have to remember that this #ImmigrantHeritageMonth. Our country has always welcomed immigrants. It’s who we are. This month we #CelebrateImmigrants and share our own stories. For me, that starts in Brooklyn where my whole block was first-, second-, & third-generation Italian, Irish and Jewish Americans. Our parents worked hard & they taught us to study hard in school. Leader Schumer and @SenateDems’ focus is precisely where it should be – on health care, the top issue for Americans of all backgrounds. If @SenateGOP continue to ignore the health care of the American people, they will be doing so at their own peril. … Schumer calling for extra safety for crude oil shipped by rail  Folks were already paying too much for health care, in the form of premiums, out-of-pocket expenses, & the eye-popping cost of prescription drugs. Now that all of those costs are going up, I urge the GOP to use August to fix it. More:  … How about healthcare, Mr. President? … As the Trustees’ report shows, the #GOPTaxScam is already robbing & weakening Medicare & Social Security to cover tax breaks for the wealthy & biggest corps. Despite @realDonaldTrump's campaign promises, the GOP policies will strip away the benefits America’s seniors earned. … While these rates represent a smaller increase than previous years, premiums are still too high for too many Pennsylvania families. … If these reports are true, @realDonaldTrump has put China, not the United States, first. By letting ZTE off the hook, the president who roared like a lion is governing like a lamb when it comes to China. Congress should move in a bipartisan fashion to block this deal right away. … More #healthcare premium increases today in PA. Thankfully, PA took action to mitigate Trump-GOP sabotage, but premiums are still too high. @realDonaldTrump & the GOP must work with us to lower costs instead of constant sabotage. .@SenateGOP, let's seize the month of August & fight these rate hikes. We assume @realDonaldTrump will join us given the pain his policies have caused the middle class, particularly on health care. More time to work in August? We welcome it so we can work on an issue weighing on the pockets of American families: health care. More on our plan LIVE:  …pic.twitter.com/FCnZCOMxFA Nobody is fooled by @realDonaldTrump's lies. The inhumane & cruel policy that's separating families at the southern border is in fact a direct result of this admin's relentless attacks on immigrant families. Only President Trump can end it. #FamiliesBelongTogether … Blatantly false. This is a direct result of the @realDonaldTrump administration’s policies. Only he can and MUST end this barbaric policy. … "We do not have a dictatorship. The Founding Fathers did not want a king. That means no one — including the president himself — is above the law," Sen. Chuck Schumer tells @rachelnpr  If there was “NO COLLUSION” why won't he sit down with the Special Counsel? What is he afraid of? Is he afraid of the American people learning about why three people on his campaign have already pleaded guilty, including his former National Security Advisor? … Today @SenatorMenendez and I urged the Trump administration to do just that and to make sure any deal they reach with #NorthKorea meets five key principles: … After weeks of on-again off-again from the Trump administration on the North Korea summit, now that it's back on, @realDonaldTrump needs to be willing to walk away from the table if there isn’t a good deal to be had or to take the time to construct a good deal. Child Protective Specialists are first responders for NYC children. This week, join @ACSNYC & so many of us in recognizing those on the front lines protecting children & supporting families. Learn more about #CPSAppreciationWeek:  … #ICYMI @SenSchumer called out the Trump admin. for rolling back commonsense #CleanerCars standards that help consumers save money at the pump.  Standing on #LongIsland today revealing a very bad idea by the @IRSnews to potentially close one of only two offices that serve 3M ppl. Plan would tax local pockets (gas to travel 70, 80 miles) and patience. Not on my watch!pic.twitter.com/dd3ZitX9nR All the tweeting in the world will not change the fact that the President is not above the law. … No one is above the law, including the President of the United States. I’ll leave the legal arguments to the constitutional scholars, but the idea that any public official could pardon themselves is contrary to our nation’s most basic values. … The Special Counsel investigation has secured guilty pleas or indicted 19 individuals and three companies. Three former Trump aides have already pled guilty. … The Senate Judiciary Committee has also already voted 14-7 for bipartisan legislation to protect the special counsel. It’s time Senator McConnell bring it to the floor for a vote. Mr. President - you are 0 for 2 on the Constitution this morning. … Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies. Five of these people, including three former Trump aides, have already pleaded guilty. … You don’t have to be an economist to understand that scrapping plans to increase the fuel efficiency of our cars will force us all to shell out even more and more money for gas down the road. … @SenSchumer launches push to stop the @EPA from rolling back the plan to boost gas mileage for all Americans. 50 MPG will save drivers a collective billions by 2035. #EPA must put their bad decision in reverse, he says.pic.twitter.com/yP5TiRNkeh Remember, there were at least 75 contacts, including 22 meetings, throughout the election and transition, between Trump associates and individuals linked to the Russian government. Special Counsel Mueller is a career prosecutor & law enforcement officer focused on getting to bottom of Russia’s meddling in our elections & any possible collusion with your campaign & a hostile foreign government. … Honored to be joined by @SenSchumer this morning! A longtime friend of Met Council, he's never missed a #LegislativeBreakfast.pic.twitter.com/GcUJ3dC8bx It would be a shame if the Trump administration used this as an excuse to back off on China. They’re the real problem hurting our economy. … The Trump Administration’s just-proposed decision against raising mileage for US vehicles to over 50 miles/gallon will further contribute to increased costs for average drivers. States ought to resist. This would be a valid legal argument — if our government were a dictatorship. Fortunately, we are a government of laws, not men. And in America, no one is above the law, including the president. … Separating young children from their mothers is inhumane. There must be a swift and thorough investigation of this wrong-headed policy. There are far more humane ways to protect the border. #FamiliesBelongTogether Mueller’s work is that of a career prosecutor and law enforcement officer who is squarely focused on getting to bottom of Russia’s meddling in our elections and any possible collusion with your campaign and a hostile foreign government. … Host & producer @Andy stopped by the #EmpireStateBuilding today to ceremoniously turn our tower orange for @Everytown for Gun Safety & National Gun Violence Awareness Day.pic.twitter.com/Nhn3ZLbwyg We #WearOrange to secure the future for our children and grandchildren.  Why do you #WearOrange?pic.twitter.com/q15GCL4a8C Working hard today! We have a lot of exciting things coming up this week.  Proud to #WearOrange and fight gun violence today and every day.   #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/pl6rrg6Gnk It’s #GunViolenceAwarenessMonth and this year I know our voices are stronger than ever. #WearOrange today, and speak out everyday; that’s how we’ll change this country and save lives.pic.twitter.com/4JVR02wjkW Happy #PrideMonth! This month we celebrate our LGBTQ community members and the right of all people to live without discrimination.pic.twitter.com/wcVikULc0R This month we celebrate #Pride, not just by marching, but by coming together, just as we have so many times before, and standing up for our fellow Americans who live their lives in fear. We won't stop fighting for you. We won't stop making history. … BMCC grads inspire the world with their hard work and high hopes! #bmccCommencement2018pic.twitter.com/5KbKtzvkbz The Theater at Madison Square Garden is filling up fast! Congratulations, BMCC grads!pic.twitter.com/fwGvoaZQw1 You’re graduating at a time of enormous #change around the world, @SenSchumer tells #ccnygrad18. Your generation is better equipped to adapt to all these changes than any generation before you. You’re better equipped to pursue your #passions and #dreambigdreamspic.twitter.com/0k5cd5V4BC All of us who want to see a strong American economy hope that the actions yesterday won’t be used by the Trump administration as an excuse to back off on China - the number one predator when it comes to trade. Special Counsel Mueller has indicted or secured guilty pleas from four former Trump advisers, 13 Russian nationals, three Russian companies, one California man, and one London-based lawyer. … Rather than working in a bipartisan way to improve health care, the Trump administration & Republicans in Congress have made the system worse, saddling families in Rhode Island & across the country with higher health care costs. Another state, another set of higher rates because of the Trump administration’s sabotage of our health care system. … Virginia is now the latest example that Democrats are fighting for health care and winning. Will 2018 be the year Republicans finally get the message and stop trying to repeal the ACA? … Didn’t make it to @barclayscenter? We’re live streaming all the #BCGrad2018 commencement festivities over at  .pic.twitter.com/PH6ALhz5AY Good morning, Queens College Class of 2018! It's time to rise and shine, shine, shine! #Commencement exercises begin at 9 am, with #bright and #limitless futures to follow. @CrisAlexJimenez @CUNY #todayistheday #youveearnedit #waytogo #youmadeit #congrats #QCpride #wesaluteyoupic.twitter.com/G0ciF97jbi We’ve struck a chord: the hard right goes hysterical when Dems hold @realDonaldTrump accountable on rising gas prices. Where were they in 2012, when Trump said "Gas prices are at crazy levels - fire Obama!" ? … .@realDonaldTrump tweets he didn't fire Comey over the Russia investigation. Let's go to the videotape:pic.twitter.com/VXIjcrBSwY pic.twitter.com/erVjsJGPYo We are so proud of our graduates! #JJCGradpic.twitter.com/qTmmtt0rbh WATCH LIVE: Morning Commencement Ceremony #JJCGrad … .@SenSchumer addresses the Class of 2018 at Arthur Ashe stadium. #JJCGradpic.twitter.com/4lW8P17ezF And with that, a Republican Congressman brings an end to @realDonaldTrump’s false conspiracy theory. … Join @BaruchCollege for a celebration unlike any other on Wed. 5/30 @barclayscenter   -Watch the Livestream at 9:15 am:    -Read more about the ceremony & speakers:   #BaruchGrad #Baruch18 #BearcatForever #BeBaruch #BaruchPridepic.twitter.com/Xnz9fVmQtT This devastating new study indicates what many had already feared about the scale of the death toll in Puerto Rico, and the inadequacy of the response for our fellow Americans in need. … While obviously more details are needed, this outline represents the kind of actions we have needed to take for a long time, but the president must stick with it and not bargain it away. .@realDonaldTrump has the potential to do more to correct China’s unfair trade policies than any president has had, but he must be strong, tough and consistent. And don’t forget: There were at least 75 contacts, including 22 meetings, throughout the election and transition, between Trump associates and individuals linked to the Russian government. The president and his associates have also lied about every single one. Mueller’s work is that of a career prosecutor and law enforcement officer who is squarely focused on getting to bottom of Russia’s meddling in our elections and any possible collusion with your campaign and a hostile foreign government. These defendants are facing a combined 75 criminal charges, ranging from alleged conspiracy against the United States, bank fraud & tax violations to lying to FBI investigators and identity fraud. Five of these people (including three former Trump aides) have already pleaded guilty. The group is composed of four former Trump advisers, 13 Russian nationals, three Russian companies, one California man, and one London-based lawyer. .@realDonaldTrump- Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies — that we know of. … After marching in the Little Neck- Douglaston parade, Mom and I had #MemorialDay dinner at Greek Islands restaurant with Dad, a WWII veteran who’ll turn 95 on Flag Day, God willing.pic.twitter.com/ykep6r1FPh – bei Greek Islands Memo to the press: When you quote the president saying “spygate,” it is only fair to immediately follow that by noting there is absolutely no evidence of a spy being inserted in his campaign. It seems to me, failure to do so is a disservice to your readers, viewers & the country. The Mueller Investigation so far: 19 indictments and three guilty pleas. … This #MemorialDay we offer deep and abiding gratitude for the men and women in the armed services who gave their last full measure of devotion in defense of our nation and our freedoms. Thank you.pic.twitter.com/5Fqnu2W5N0 I hate repeating myself Mr. President, but let me remind you again: Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies — that we know of. … Mr. President - Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has either indicted or secured guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies — that we know of. … The President’s hostility to public servants is both mean-spirited and wrong for our country.  As my revered colleague Pat Moynihan often said, ‘If you have contempt for government, you will get contemptible government. … Congrats & good luck to the Albany Capitals Youth Hockey Team as you travel to Russia to represent the #USA in the Eurochem Cup. Thank you for representing our great state of #NY and the #USA!  … Simply put, this incinerator is wrong for the Finger Lakes- and I will fight tooth and nail to ensure that this trash incinerator is snuffed out in its tracks.pic.twitter.com/9T6sicT4lI Across the country, Webster and Monroe County included, e-cig usage at schools is spiking. Candy-flavored e-cigarettes are getting our kids addicted, and it's got to stop--now. The FDA has got to step in.pic.twitter.com/GSjSW84m2a If the administration goes through with this reported deal, President Trump would be helping make China great again.  Would be a huge victory for President Xi, and a dramatic retreat by Pres Trump. Both parties in Congress should come together to stop this deal in its tracks. … No lunch hour in Buffalo is complete without a stop at @CharlieTButcher for a beef on weck. #Buffalovepic.twitter.com/eL9qZPJNjq More fantasies from @realDonaldTrump. No evidence of spying, here is our statement:  … … It is my sincere hope that Daniel's story and his brief 28 years on earth will go a long way toward helping other veterans live long and happy lives.  I will keep working for the veteran community until my last breath. I met a wonderful woman today named Stephanie Keegan. Her son, Sgt. Daniel R. Keegan, 82nd Airborne, served two tours in Afghanistan. He suffered from PTSD and died while waiting over a year for treatment.  Stephanie gave me this photo of Dan. Let’s remember him. @WarsNotOverpic.twitter.com/gRqHXdDD7A Nothing we heard today has changed our view that there is no evidence to support any allegation that the @FBI or any intelligence agency placed a ‘spy’ in the Trump Campaign, or otherwise failed to follow appropriate procedures and protocols. Today’s Gang of Eight briefing was conducted to ensure protection of sources and methods. .@NancyPelosi @MarkWarner @RepAdamSchiff & I released the following statement today after the Gang of Eight briefing with @TheJusticeDept: .@SenSchumer honors Syracuse veteran who battled to add @USNavy shipmates, son to Vietnam Wall  I am proud to stand with Americans coast to coast this #EMSweek in honoring our EMTs, paramedics, EMS professionals and volunteers who help preserve God's most precious gift: life. #EMSWeek2018 Happy #EMSWeek! On behalf of communities across our nation, thank you to the #EMTs, #Paramedics, #Dispatchers, and other #EMS professionals who serve 24/7/365. #EMSStrong #SupportEMS #AlwaysOpenpic.twitter.com/r71NZPzjmi Congratulations to everyone who was honored today @StatenIslUSA Borough President’s Annual EMS Breakfast #EMSStrong #EMSWeek @HeyNowJO @SIUHOSPITALpic.twitter.com/PcmlRkzvYY #FDNY EMT Yadira Arroyo, Lt. Mario Bastidas, Paramedic Mark Harris, EMT Rose Scott, and Lt. Edith Torres were remembered today at the annual NY State EMS Memorial Dedication, along with Roderick Cota, Corey Moore, and Gregg Williams of R.B. Lawrence Ambulance #EMSWeekpic.twitter.com/3r9P7Zn1mF What mind-bending hypocrisy. Now that he’s President, @realDonaldTrump proposes rescinding the same funding Congress passed to help w/ the Ebola crisis in 2014. God forbid this funding were rescinded & Ebola outbreaks re-emerged, it would actually be Trump’s fault. … Rep Nunes, the architect of this sham briefing, no longer deserves the benefit of the doubt. He lost all claims to objectivity w/ his ridiculous latenight charade at the White House & his conduct on the House Intel Cmte, culminating in a doc of innuendo & whitewashing. #NunesMemo Many of us feared that the summit between @POTUS & Kim Jong-Un would be a great show that produced nothing enduring. If a summit is to be reconstituted, the US must show strength & achieve a concrete, verifiable, enduring elimination of Kim Jong-Un’s nuclear capabilities. Republican Reps. Nunes and Gowdy – and no Democrats – will get their own classified briefing with Justice Dept. and intel officials regarding the FBI source in the Russia probe, followed later by a bipartisan “Gang of Eight” briefing.  While it's a good thing that the Gang of Eight will be briefed, the separate meeting w/ a known partisan whose only intent is to undermine the Mueller investigation makes no sense & should be called off. What is the point of the separate briefing if not to cause partisan trouble? Last night, @NBCNightlyNews spoke with Harley-Davidson employees who were laid off after the company received a massive tax cut and announced plans for construction of a new plant in Thailand.pic.twitter.com/BR1As2mhh9 As soon as the Trump administration ends their sabotage, Democrats stand ready to work in a bipartisan way to make health care more affordable for the American people. To boot, the new @USCBO report says the Trump admin’s expansion of #junkplans will leave millions more Americans susceptible to denied coverage & medical bankruptcy, all while the big drug companies & major corporate executives reap the lion’s share of the #GOPTaxScam’s benefit. .@USCBO just confirmed that the Trump-GOP sabotage of our healthcare system is causing premiums to rise for millions of Americans – period.   … The only thing more outrageous than this meeting occurring at all is the fact that it’s partisan. Even @realDonaldTrump’s Republican allies say that excluding Democrats is wrong.pic.twitter.com/Wyn8BBbxUP Americans are paying the price at the pump for Trump’s chaotic approach to foreign policy.    He hasn’t pressured Gulf leaders to lift their cap on oil output, or pursued diplomatic solutions in Yemen and Syria.   The result? $3.89 a gallon #GasPricespic.twitter.com/CTaW97cez9 Too many families continue being separated by the Trump administration’s destructive immigration policies. We must put an end to this now. #KeepFamiliesTogether … Under @RealDonaldTrump’s watch, Americans are expected to have the most expensive driving season in four years. What does @POTUS plan to do about it?  pic.twitter.com/sebXSnjCIi This #MemorialDayWeekend, U.S. consumers are feeling the brunt of the Trump administrations dirty energy policies.  The American people can be assured that Special Counsel Mueller's investigation will not be blown off course by this hurricane of right-wing lies and intimidation. Special Counsel Mueller will not be deterred. He is going to see this investigation through to its natural conclusion, follow the facts wherever they lead. That’s how it's gone so far, & it’s resulted in dozens of indictments & several guilty pleas of top Trump campaign officials Today @NancyPelosi & I will be sending a letter to Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein & FBI Director Wray later today to request they reconsider holding a meeting at all, and if they do move forward, to do so in a bipartisan fashion, with the Gang of 8. For the President of the United States to pressure the Justice Department to reveal details and documents pertaining to an active investigation of the President’s campaign, for the purpose of denigrating it, is a gross and unprecedented abuse of power. LIVE NOW: Millions of Americans are expected to travel over #MemorialDayWeekend and Washington state #gas prices are the third highest in the nation. I'm urging President Trump to take specific action to lower costs for American families:  … Read more about what @realDonaldTrump could be doing to lower #GasPrices via @timesunion: … Not just in DC, all across the country people are paying more at the. Watch … 