It’s past time to fight for American autoworkers – and we can start by passing the American Cars, American Jobs Act. @UAW’s Legislative Director said it best today: “Absolutely, it would help keep auto jobs in the U.S.”pic.twitter.com/6agQBl2ZrL Great to start the day with Ohio @MineWorkers. They’re here to fight for the pensions that they earned after a lifetime of hard work – and we’re not going to give up until Congress keeps its promise. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/AXfwwnp6CR For every $1 we spend on the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, we generate more than $3 in economic development. GLRI’s good for Lake Erie, it’s good for jobs, and it’s good for our economy. We need to keep investing in this program. … The passage of the CRIB Act is an important step forward in getting moms and babies in Ohio care that best fits their needs. Now we need to get it across the finish line and to the President’s desk. … Proud to stand with @senrobportman in the fight to protect Lake Erie. Today, our language protecting Lake Erie was signed into law. It'll help us keep the Lake clean, keep the channel open for business, and ensure the Lake remains a viable resource for generations to come. All Vietnam veterans exposed to Agent Orange deserve health care and benefits. The @DeptVetAffairs needs to expand these benefits to all Vietnam veterans, whether they served on the ground or at sea. … It’s always great to watch Ohioans follow their dreams – particularly when they’re this delicious. … After announcing a $24.5 billion stock buyback, @WellsFargo plans to cut more than 26,000 jobs over the next 3 years. So much for the jobs in the ”Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.”  Good to be in Lakewood to celebrate the passage of our bill that’ll help customers save money at the pharmacy counter. The purpose of prescription drugs is to allow Ohioans to live longer, healthier lives – not to line the pockets of Big Pharma executives.pic.twitter.com/YOB0mjZ8D8 One out of every eight jobs in Ohio is connected to agriculture – glad to fight for their priorities in the Senate. … Wishing an easy and meaningful fast to all observing Yom Kippur. G’mar Chatimah Tovah. A very happy birthday to the @usairforce, which turns 71 today – and thanks to the Ohio men and women at our state’s Air Force installations, for their service to our country. Too many Ohioans still struggle to afford the medicine they need, and too often, the culprit is price gouging by Big Pharma. This bipartisan bill will help save Ohioans money, improve health care, and increase transparency in the pharmaceutical industry. … This change was not made with our servicemembers in mind – the @DeptofDefense wasn’t even consulted.    We cannot abandon our duty to protect our servicemembers and their families under the Military Lending Act. … Proud to work with @senrobportman to get significant, bipartisan legislation signed into law to stop dangerous drugs at the border and keep them out of Ohio communities. … Too many victims of the opioid epidemic are the infants born to mothers who struggle with addiction. This is an important step forward in getting moms and babies in Ohio care that best fits their needs. -SB … Our thoughts are with all those affected by this deadly storm – including the loved ones of those who lost their lives. Thank you to everyone aiding the relief efforts. … Truly learning the lessons of the economic crisis means standing on the side of American workers and families – whether it’s on affordable housing or consumer protections, pensions or protecting taxpayers from bailouts. After the crisis, we passed Wall St reform and put in place strong rules so Main St would never again be forced to bail out Wall St.   But under this admin & this Congress, big banks and their lobbyists are scoring touchdown after touchdown at the expense of hardworking families. Ten years ago today, the investment bank Lehman Brothers collapsed, paving the way for the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. The Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges finally put our nation on the right side of history, as marriage equality became law of the land.   Justice Kavanaugh’s refusal to recognize that last week is alarming. These brave Ohioans represent the best of our state. Grateful to have them helping on the ground in North Carolina. … This would also rob workers of their right to bargain with their employer, by absolving corporations of their responsibility to participate in collective bargaining – and that’s unacceptable. Every corporation with control over workers’ jobs must be at the bargaining table. Another anti-worker proposal from this anti-worker administration.   This rule would shield corporations from accountability for how their subcontractors and franchise workers are treated. Corporations should be held responsible for ANY labor violation in their ranks. Period. … During National Truck Driver Appreciation Week, let’s honor the truck drivers and all the workers who power this country by protecting the pensions they earned, and by fighting for the safe working conditions and fair pay and benefits they deserve. #NTDAW An important reminder of the power we each have to make a difference for others. May we all work to spread positivity, as Nicole does.  … Spoiler alert: today’s manufacturing isn’t rusty and dirty, it’s innovative and high-tech. Students across Ohio saw that firsthand at summer manufacturing camps across the state – like in Beavercreek, where campers built robots. … But make no mistake: we’re still calling on GM to do the right thing, and invest in Ohio like we’ve invested in them. We need to fight for American autoworkers in every way we can, and that starts with passing the American Cars, American Jobs Act. … Today, @USDOL approved a National Dislocated Worker Grant for Lordstown workers laid off by GM. This grant will help the workers who built this company access the resources and retraining needed to find new jobs and support their families. Wells Fargo’s at it again.   They say they’re “Re-established,” but so far it’s just more of the same. … We need to get the CRIB Act through the Senate soon to support the most vulnerable victims of the opioid crisis and make sure all babies and their caregivers can get care in a setting that meets their special needs. -SB  …pic.twitter.com/Z4QKOCEfPE We also remember how, in the face of unimaginable loss, we set our differences aside and came together as Americans. We saw what united us, not what divided us. #NeverForget On the anniversary of the September 11th attacks, we remember the victims, survivors, and the courageous first responders who put themselves in harm’s way 17 years ago today and every day. Shana Tova to all who are celebrating #RoshHashanah. Wishing you a sweet and fulfilling new year. Our priority is supporting the victims, law enforcement and community, and my office stands ready to assist with whatever they need. As we cope with yet another gun violence tragedy we must also recognize that thoughts and prayers are not enough. -SB We will all be hugging our loved ones a little tighter tonight as we pray for everyone affected by the senseless shooting in Cincinnati. Thank you to the first responders who rushed to the scene, law enforcement still investigating and everyone caring for those who were injured. We are thinking of everyone involved as we closely monitor the ongoing situation in Cincinnati. We’re grateful to law enforcement and first responders on the scene. -SB We call it a farm bill, but it is really a food bill, it’s a jobs and economic development bill, it’s a research bill, it’s a rural broadband bill; it’s a bill that affects everyone in the country. Looking forward to continuing to work on this important legislation. The House-Senate Farm Bill conference committee had a good first meeting today. We need to get the Farm Bill done this year and provide farmers with the certainty they deserve.pic.twitter.com/5nYWLmbEwy Just another reason to visit the Birthplace of Aviation – exciting news for Dayton. … Thanks to firefighters who came out in Cleveland today to discuss the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, which was signed into law in July. We know this is just a first step and there’s a lot more work to do to protect our first responders. But this bill will help us make progress.pic.twitter.com/7NCIzJ7vgQ Working people need Justices who will put their rights first, not Justices who will side with insurance companies over cancer survivors, financial scammers over customers, or massive corporations over American workers. #WhatsAtStake with Justice Kavanaugh’s nomination?   The next Court could be presented with critical decisions regarding protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. They could decide you’ll pay more for healthcare if you’ve been affected by something in this thread → … On #LaborDay, we honor the men and women who built this country, and who continue to power our economy to this day. Thank you to those workers – and in particular, the workers who aren’t able to spend today at picnics and barbeques, because they don’t have the day off. … Local law enforcement officers are on the frontlines of our efforts to combat illegal fentanyl, and our opioid legislation must do more for them. The POWER Act would give them stronger tools to protect themselves from dangerous drugs like fentanyl. … Almost 30 people were exposed to fentanyl at the Ross Correctional Institution this week – many of whom were corrections officers and other prison employees. We need to better protect the workers who put themselves in harm’s way to keep us safe. … My number one priority is to stop Ohio jobs from moving overseas, and that’s what I will continue fighting for as negotiations with Canada continue. -SB I’m glad talks with Canada are continuing, and I hope we are able to secure a better deal for Ohio workers. But we still have a lot of work to do before anything is final. To the millions of American workers working too many hours for too little pay, let me tell you, you aren’t invisible to me, you are not invisible to Democratic officeholders in this country. We see you. We hear you. We fight for you.  PS: Don’t you dare call us the rustbelt. -SB … Thanks to Ohio @Teamsters and @Mineworkers for joining us in Cambridge today. Because of your activism, Congress formed the Pensions Committee to find a solution to the pensions crisis – and we’re going to get this done. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/chhrCq8h5V Joined local businesses, community leaders, and federal agencies at the Regional Economic Diversification Summit in Marietta today. Glad to talk to them about our efforts to fight the opioid epidemic, @ARCgov, getting students interested in manufacturing, and so much more.pic.twitter.com/EleKDO53Sy Spoke on the Senate floor about John McCain’s legacy and his leadership as we passed the defense authorization bill earlier this month.pic.twitter.com/AmQLgftAUB Our fourth annual Ohio Women’s Leadership Summit will be in Cincinnati on Saturday, October 6th. The theme of this year’s conference is how we can all make a difference in our communities, and we’ll hear from women who’ve done that across Ohio. Learn more:  …pic.twitter.com/lFNhxjKxHU A big victory for workers this weekend, and just more evidence of what we already knew: the courts are crucial to our fight to protect workers’ rights. … It’s time to invest in our students, create jobs, and invest in 21st century classrooms, by passing the School Building Improvement Act. Learn more → … Because of excessive heat and lack of air conditioning, schools across Ohio are closed today.   Teachers and students shouldn’t have to miss out on valuable time in the classroom because our school districts don’t have the resources they need to upgrade aging schools. We still have a lot of work to do to bring Canada on board and write the legislation needed to make any deal a reality, and I will keep working with Lighthizer to make sure every detail is right for Ohio workers. -SB We still need to review the text of the tentative agreement with Mexico, but this is an important step forward. I have been working closely with our top trade negotiator, @USTradeRep Bob Lighthizer. In fact I just spoke to him again late last night. ECOT stole taxpayer dollars and cheated Ohio students. That’s why I’m introducing legislation to return that money where it belongs – to Ohio students. -SB … Shady lenders and predatory for-profit schools gained an ally at the @CFPB , while students have lost their chief watchdog. The CFPB needs an independent Director who will fight for servicemembers and students. -SB … As we grapple with yet another senseless act of gun violence in Florida yesterday and offer support to the victims, law enforcement, and community, we must also acknowledge that thoughts and prayers alone are not enough. Just as importantly, he made no secret of his love for his wife, Cindy, and his family. Connie and I are thinking of them now. May their memories of this great man sustain them. -SB John McCain was an American hero who embodied our nation’s most cherished values: service and sacrifice. He was a leader to senators from both parties, a touchstone on foreign and domestic issues. Connie and I are praying for everyone involved. We are grateful to all Ohio law enforcement who put themselves in harm’s way to keep us safe. -SB … .@SenJohnMcCain has lived his life by the motto, ‘county first,’ and our country stands with him now. Connie and I join so many others in sending our love and prayers to John and his family. -SB After thoroughly reviewing his record, meeting with him face-to-face, and listening to Ohioans, I am convinced Judge Kavanaugh would side with special interests over working people and threaten the rights of Ohioans. -SB  FULL STATEMENT →  …pic.twitter.com/yAFnNqeXPH Looking forward to reading Mick Mulvaney’s response to these thoughtful letters – as his response to the letter signed by 49 senators last week was….lackluster, to say the least. … This week, 38 veterans and military organizations came together with one message to the @CFPB: don't take away protections for our servicemembers and their families, who've sacrificed so much for our country.pic.twitter.com/8TjtHvrpEF With millions of working Americans, who just want to know that their hard-earned paychecks will be protected from scams and shady lenders?   Ms. Kraninger has made her choice pretty clear.   It’s up to us to stand on the side of the people we serve. -SB This vote is about whose side you’re on.   Are we going to stand with mothers who want nothing more than to hold their child again? With servicemembers who had their cars illegally repossessed while serving our country overseas? To my colleagues: it’s not enough to talk. Use your vote in this committee to make sure that this person -- who refused to oppose, to acknowledge, or to apologize for this disaster -- does not get a promotion.   Don’t look the other way like Ms. Kraninger did. In contrast, nearly every member of the @SenateBanking committee – on both sides of the dais – spoke out, and said that child separation is wrong.   Now is our chance to use our power as Senators to do something about it. We’ve all seen pix, heard tapes of crying kids being pulled apart from their parents. As an American, as a parent, as a human being, I don’t know how you can’t be horrified by this. But Kraninger hasn’t offered a word of criticism about her or her boss’s part in this catastrophe. Ms. Kraninger had a role in the policy of separating children from their families at the border, too. We know, because Ms. Kraninger told us, that she was the “principal policy official” at OMB overseeing DHS working on this policy.   She won’t tell us any more than that. Ms. Kraninger was one of Mr. Mulvaney’s lead staff on providing emergency assistance to Puerto Rico after it was ravaged by hurricanes – a botched response that left tens of thousands of American citizens without power and without aid after an enormous natural disaster. Ms. Kraninger has not spoken up and said she’ll defend our troops from payday lenders that prey on them – which speaks volumes. If there was ever any doubt at how important this agency is – and how damaging it can be in the wrong hands – we don’t have to look any further than Mr. Mulvaney’s outrageous actions last week, announcing @CFPB is no longer going after shady lenders that cheat our servicemembers. Kathy Kraninger has no relevant experience in finance or consumer protection, and has refused to answer questions about her record or intentions. What she has told us is that she won’t be an independent advocate for American consumers – the entire job she is supposed to do. .@GM’s laid off almost 3,000 workers at their Lordstown plant over the last two years – upending their lives. @RepTimRyan and I are urging @SecretaryAcosta to approve a grant for these workers quickly, and help them get workforce training and job placement services.pic.twitter.com/OREOoSANXW The American Cars, American Jobs Act has two simple parts: customers who buy cars made in America get a discount, and corporations that send jobs overseas lose a special tax break. It’s designed to help American workers and support American jobs.pic.twitter.com/XAFPazieWx We’ve seen it right here in Ohio, where we have more than 80 of these community schools already. These schools have a proven track record of success. They’re associated with improving student attendance, social and emotional well-being, and academic achievement. Investing in more of them is a slam dunk – for our children, and for our communities. This bill would invest $45M in full-service community schools around the country by directing resources to schools serving low-income students, particularly in areas that have been hit the hardest by addiction – 30% of the funds would be set aside specifically for rural schools. Unfortunately for our schools and our basketball teams, not every community has a LeBron James. Introducing a bill today with @ChrisVanHollen that would provide support & tools for other schools to expand the programs we know work for students, inside & outside of the classroom. .@KingJames' new I Promise School in Akron incorporates everything from free breakfast and lunch to job placement help for parents – things we know our students need to thrive. … If Kathy Kraninger isn’t qualified, won’t answer our questions, and helped separate children from their families, why should we vote to confirm her as @CFPB Director? … And weeks after the hearing, Mr. Mulvaney announced the @CFPB would no longer protect servicemembers and their families, and ended reviews of payday lenders for violations of the Military Lending Act. Ms. Kraninger has said nothing. … The @USAToday Editorial Board summed it up in a sentence: “The Senate and the public know little more about Kraninger today than they did before the hearing.” … And in her role at OMB, Ms. Kraninger was responsible for the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security. When asked about her role in the Administration’s cruel and disastrous family separation policy, she refused to answer. #FamiliesBelongTogether When the Administration nominated Ms. Kraninger to run the @CFPB, they pointed to her senior position at OMB as “management experience” which qualified her for the job. When she was asked for details about this management experience, she refused to answer. And part of the @CFPB’s mission is to protect students from predatory lenders and high interest rates. As Director, Mulvaney weakened these protections. But when Ms. Kraninger was asked if she would reinstate the Bureau’s student office, she refused to answer. The @CFPB is supposed to pursue predatory payday lenders and hold them accountable, but Mick Mulvaney’s appointment ground that work to a halt. When asked if she’d follow Mulvaney’s lead – at several points throughout the hearing – Ms. Kraninger refused to answer. The @CFPB needs a Director with a proven track record of working for consumers. Unfortunately, Kathy Kraninger has no experience whatsoever in consumer protection. And her hearing with the @SenateBanking Committee left us with even more questions about her qualifications. We fought hard to expand Medicaid in Ohio – this is why: • The rate of uninsured adults in Ohio is down nearly half since 2012 • More Ohioans are able to receive the treatment they need for mental illness & substance abuse, including opioid addiction … When we fight for American autoworkers and steelworkers, we’re fighting for entire communities. And that’s what the American Cars, American Jobs Act does.pic.twitter.com/JttAsxzO5a The bottom line: we cannot trust Kathy Kraninger to uphold the @CFPB’s mission of working for consumers and aggressively pursuing bad actors. … Tax cuts should go to workers, and companies that are creating jobs right here in the United States – not to the 1%. Read my op-ed in the @Enquirer → … Our office is proud to host our first Central Ohio Student Veterans Conference for student veterans, their spouses and student military advisers to learn about veterans’ benefits, the services available to vets, and employment opportunities. Learn more → … Thanks to @UAW workers for joining us today at Local 1112 in Warren. We’ll always work with you to fight for your jobs, and for all American auto jobs.  …pic.twitter.com/yMdHqUR4b7 We shouldn’t be handing out 50 percent off coupons to companies that send jobs overseas – and we should incentivize customers to buy American-made cars that support American jobs. That's what the American Cars, American Jobs Act would do. … We know something needs to change when the same day that GM ended the second shift at their Lordstown plant, the company announced plans to build the new Chevy Blazer in Mexico. Since #DoddFrankRollback and record profits aren't enough, @USTreasury decided that banks don’t provide financial services.  Huh?  Yet again, the Administration finds new ways to help bank execs – instead of putting more money in working families' pockets. … In one week, the @SenateBanking committee will vote on Kathy Kraninger’s nomination to head the @CFPB – and we’re still waiting for answers. … Lady Soul. The first woman inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, Aretha Franklin was an artist of passion, sophistication and command, whose recordings remain anthems that defined soul music. Long live the Queen.pic.twitter.com/3gJDuV2KF4 Thank you for your leadership on this important issue, @SenJackReed. .@POTUS, our troops and their families are counting on your Administration to protect them from predatory lending and financial fraud – do not abandon this duty. … From CityBeat Cincinnati to the Fayette Advocate to the Wapakoneta Daily News, I’m proud to see Ohio’s tenacious, dedicated journalists defending the tremendous work they do.   To all the reporters out there, who defend the freedom of the press every day – thank you. -SB “Good reporting often succeeds in righting wrongs and making things better for people. More than anything, it engages citizens in civic and public affairs, & an actively engaged public is just as vital to our democracy as the free press.” – @TheAthensNEWS … "If not for questioning by professional journalists, would government officials and agencies be as responsive to the public’s concerns? We safeguard your right to know — especially in an election season." – @DispatchAlerts … “The media exist in a broad and diverse landscape with widely varying styles and viewpoints. What we have in common is a deep and abiding respect for freedom of speech...and our responsibility to report the news fairly and accurately.” – @YourChronicle … “At a time when we should be working with our communities to reform media, we find ourselves having to defend the very idea of a free press.” – @YSNews  "Power…belongs to the people. The press thus received extraordinary protection because of its capacity to inform readers and check the powerful." – The Akron Beacon Journal / @ohiodotcom  … “We are indeed your lens into your community. We are not your enemy. Unlike some posts on Facebook and other social media sites, we verify our facts before publication. We are not anonymous. We stand by the veracity of our work.” – Chagrin Valley Times … Today, nearly 350 newspapers across the country came together to stand up for a #FreePress and defend the First Amendment in editorials. Here’s what Ohioans are reading across our state → Auto manufacturers get a tax break when they ship jobs overseas. That’s just wrong.   Our American Cars, American Jobs act will revoke that tax break, and offer incentives to consumers who buy American-made vehicles. … A study this week found that the financial crisis cost every American $70,000.  Wall Street’s recklessness continues to steal money from workers’ pockets. Instead of relaxing protections, we need to do all that we can to make sure this never happens again. … Another great day meeting with steelworkers and autoworkers to talk about the American Cars, American Jobs Act – a bill that would support the Ohio auto industry and American jobs. Thanks to @steelworkers Local 979 for having us.pic.twitter.com/8webg0hE9R More than a million workers and retirees are depending on Congress to solve the pensions crisis. If it’s not solved, many of them look at going “belly-up” – and we can’t let that happen. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/myfdFCATuV The @USATODAY editorial board has it exactly right: “To protect consumers, Kathy Kraninger needs a passing acquaintance with the financial industry she'd have to oversee.”    And she just doesn’t have that. … Glad to see the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 signed into law today. The bill’s name is a fitting tribute to an extraordinary public servant, who embodies some of our nation’s most cherished values: service and sacrifice. Hear from Schelley Brooks, the Director of the Jefferson County Veterans Service Commission and a veteran herself, about why these conversations were so important.pic.twitter.com/RI2ZLODpce Last week, Sherrod’s team traveled across Appalachia to meet with Ohio veterans. From Steubenville to New Philadelphia to Marietta to Zanesville, they heard from veterans about their priorities and their concerns.pic.twitter.com/1gjGZcndA0 We must stand united against all attempts to threaten and intimidate our neighbors, and work to address the systemic racism that contributes to disparities across our country. -SB A year later, as we honor the victims of domestic terrorism in Charlottesville and condemn white nationalism, we also acknowledge that too many Americans experience racism, bigotry, and anti-Semitism on a daily basis. TODAY: Sherrod’s Chief of Staff (and proud 2015 Cherokee owner) is taking over our Instagram to show you an inside look at Jeepfest in Toledo – where Ohioans come together to celebrate Jeeps, the American workers that make them & Jeep owners. Follow along:  …pic.twitter.com/zYxypP1JnH All workers deserve to retire with dignity – but the pensions crisis threatens to rip that away from more than a million workers and retirees. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/9IaONvs83n Spent the morning at @UAW Local 12 discussing our new bill, the American Cars, American Jobs Act. This legislation will boost our auto industry by motivating customers to buy American-made cars and encouraging corporations to keep jobs in the United States.pic.twitter.com/cirwevp5jp So-called “right-to-work” laws give corporations the ability to trample workers’ rights and dismantle unions. This week’s victory for Missouri workers is great news. … Later this afternoon, hosted a roundtable in Findlay to discuss the workforce shortage created by the addiction epidemic, and the solution proposed in our CARE Act: combining job training and addiction recovery services.pic.twitter.com/AWS0NUyeZH At @UAW Local 1219 in Lima today to talk about our new legislation to support the Ohio auto industry and American jobs. There are two simple parts: customers who buy cars made in America get a discount, and corporations that send jobs overseas lose a special tax break.pic.twitter.com/IxPPUVmKHY This year, Dayton was ranked #10 for small cities producing the most AmeriCorps members. We're proud that so many Ohioans are dedicated to service, improving the lives of people in their communities every day.   … Congratulations to Ohio teacher @brycerows on his incredible achievement. Our teachers inspire the next generation every day – this time, Bryce inspired the world.  … Glad to join @RepMikeTurner, @daytonregion, and Miami Valley leaders in Dayton this morning to celebrate the area’s many wins in this year’s #NDAA. Our work together resulted in the largest military construction investment ever made in @WrightPattAFB's NASIC.pic.twitter.com/u3eKkt5Dcv When we invest in infrastructure, we invest in Ohio’s economy. … Our foreign investments bill with @ChuckGrassley is based on one key principle: the United States can’t afford to take a back seat to any competitor. … Overdraft fees are a tax on paychecks already stretched thin. My bill with @CoryBooker keeps hardworking Americans’ money in their pockets and stops big banks from slapping big fees on customers for small overdraft amounts. -SB … There are two simple parts to my new legislation: customers who buy cars made in America get a discount and corporations that send jobs overseas lose a special tax break. We shouldn’t be handing out 50% off coupons to companies that send jobs overseas. -SB … Please join us in keeping the first responders, Wright-Patt personnel and the entire Dayton community in our thoughts as we pray for the safety of everyone involved. … This year’s bill also provides $1 billion in funding for the TIGER grant program. … It allows for major upgrades to Ohio’s transportation infrastructure – including nearly $94 million for road and bridge improvements. An additional $9.3 million is included to fund Ohio’s public transportation agencies. … This bill secures $6 million in funds to expand the testing of new low-emission and zero-emission buses at facilities like @OhioState. It also directs the DOT to consider more facilities, including OSU, to be proving ground for autonomous vehicles. … Our bipartisan Transportation and HUD bill passed the Senate today with overwhelming support. The bill includes significant investments in Ohio – keeping Ohioans safe, and cultivating innovation. High school seniors interested in applying to service academics: you can submit your application to our office starting TODAY. Learn more here: … Looking forward to working w/ @SenStabenow, @SenRoberts, @ConawayTX11 & Rep Peterson on this year’s #FarmBill Conference Committee. 1 out of every 8 jobs in Ohio is connected to agriculture & Ohioans deserve a Farm Bill that reflects their priorities—that's what we'll fight for. While this is an important temporary solution, we still need to pass legislation stopping the release of these dangerous blueprints for good. … As the @SenateBanking Committee prepares to consider Kathy Kraninger’s nomination to head the @CFPB, her lack of qualifications and unwillingness to provide answers leaves members with more questions than ever.pic.twitter.com/3TWUAzGH9Y Almost $700 billion of corporate buybacks have been authorized in 2018. This money should have gone to the workers who are long overdue for a raise, not shareholders. … A great - and close! - game, with @senrobportman’s office beating us 19-18. Until next year!pic.twitter.com/6Pef6aQUyD Thanks for the @Indians jersey @senrobportman. Now that's sportsmanship.pic.twitter.com/huylLLygBA Safe!pic.twitter.com/cD0OOPIWFS See that blur? That’s Sherrod rounding the bases in an early home run in the annual softball game against @senrobportman’s office.pic.twitter.com/7vzUYYWdgz Testified at ITC this morning on behalf of the Timken Company, an Ohio steel bearings manufacturer. Ohio companies and their workers can compete with anyone, but they need a level playing field – and that’s exactly what we’re fighting for. More than 20 fire stations in Ohio were recently awarded thousands of dollars in federal grants to improve their facilities and equipment. We must always do all that we can to provide firefighters with the resources they need to protect Ohio communities. … Proud to join @SenBillNelson in introducing legislation today to help stop criminals and terrorists from being able to download and automatically print untraceable guns that can’t be picked up by metal detectors. Publishing these blueprints is dangerous and must be stopped. … For the last 53 years, #Medicare and #Medicaid have enabled millions of Ohioans to receive the affordable, quality healthcare they need. We see the success of these programs every day – and we'll keep fighting to expand and strengthen their impact. Instead of making plans to invest in Mexico, GM should be working with us to invest in American workers. We’ve invested in GM. It’s time for GM to invest in Ohio workers. -SB … Restoring permanent staff at Amtrak would better support passengers and maintain the continued success of Union Terminal – working with @senrobportman now to restore staffing levels at major Amtrak stations across the country, including in Cincinnati. … These folks sat at the negotiating table. They sacrificed for these pensions. They planned their retirements counting on these pensions. These Americans don’t want a bailout or a handout – they’re just asking for what they earned. -SB … Ohio firefighters put their lives on the line every day. We should use all of the tools at our disposal when it comes to prevention and treatment of first responders who sacrifice their own safety to protect others. -SB … Today marks the court-ordered deadline to reunite separated families – and I will continue to hold this administration accountable for reuniting children with their parents. -SB   #FamiliesBelongTogether As a father, as a grandfather, and as an American, I don’t know how anyone can listen to the cries of these children separated from their parents, and allow these separations to continue another second. Over a million people across the country are living under a “black cloud” of uncertainty, wondering if they will have the retirement security that they earned. We must find a solution for them and #SavePensions.pic.twitter.com/YVbTFd9Yrr We have a responsibility to assist defrauded students who did nothing wrong, not make it harder for them to access relief. -SB … In Nevada, Ohio, and all across the country, federal employees support our armed forces and our veterans. They keep our communities safe, and keep us healthy. We need to stand up for these public servants – instead of making it harder for them to do their jobs. … NEW LINK:  … … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod leads a group of senators in standing up for federal workers across the country, who get up every day to work hard for American taxpayers.  … LIVE NOW: Hear directly from workers and retirees about how the pension crisis impacts their lives, and why it’s so important for Congress to address this problem.  …pic.twitter.com/eTP79mw1qR WATCH LIVE: Sherrod and @senorrinhatch hold a hearing of the Pensions Committee to hear from stakeholders about how the multiemployer pension system affects them – and what a collapse of the system would mean. … By placing the federal government in between a woman and her doctor, the Administration's misguided and rushed proposed changes to #TitleX will prevent Ohioans from getting the care they need. #NoGagRule Go @FHLIceBreakers! … Pleased to see the U.S. Senate approve my and @SenSherrodBrown bipartisan amendment to help #NV families file and maximize their income tax returns. Learn more here:  … Glad to work with @SenatorRounds on a provision that will better connect servicemembers with resources to secure quality education and good-paying jobs as they transition from military service to civilian life. … The bill also includes $7.4 million to construct an automated multipurpose machine gun range at Camp Ravenna’s Joint Military Training Center, and $8.8 million for upgrades at YARS. … #NDAA includes a $2.8 billion investment in vehicles produced at Lima’s JSMC. … Wright-Patterson will receive the largest military construction investment ever made in its National Air and Space Intelligence Center – and the critical research jobs that once faced a threat of relocation will stay at the base. … $13 million will go toward replacing the fire station at Mansfield Lahm Air National Guard Base. … And the bill includes funding to update facilities at bases across Ohio – $8 million will go toward constructing a small arms range at Rickenbacker Air National Guard Base. … To strengthen the tools the US uses to block national security threats posed by investments from China and other countries, we secured a bipartisan provision that will ensure CFIUS is better equipped to handle these emerging threats. … Thank you to @SenJackReed, @JimInhofe, @SenJohnMcCain, @MikeCrapo, and all fellow members of the #NDAA conference committee for their work on this year’s final bill. Proud of our bipartisan product, and its many wins for Ohio. WATCH LIVE: Sherrod delivers the keynote address at @RealBankReform’s Conference: Regulating Wall Street – #10YearsLater.  … We should be setting business owners up for success – not failure. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/mvpvEJrPiE Looking forward to joining @RealBankReform at their event tomorrow, to discuss the strides we’ve made in reforming Wall Street, the backslides we’ve seen in this Administration, and the work that’s left to do. #10YearsLater … This month marked the 10 year anniversary of IndyMac’s collapse. It was one of the first signs of the financial crisis, showing us how risky subprime lending could explode and cost Americans trillions of dollars in savings and millions of homes.  … Happy birthday @ConnieSchultz – an extraordinary journalist, novelist, partner, mother, grandmother, professor, and friend. -SBpic.twitter.com/Ra67Q9fkg9 As we maintain our support for cleanup efforts in Piketon, today's land transfer from @ENERGY to SODI is an important step toward readying the site for new investment. Workers continue to make progress on this project & today’s announcement is good news for Piketon community. -SBpic.twitter.com/6a5pGvbX68 Called on @USDA earlier this week to ensure SNAP participants don't lose access to healthy, fresh foods they can purchase at farmers markets. While USDA has not yet fixed the problem, it’s good news for farmers & OH families @NAFMNP is helping to keep the program running for now. All work has dignity – and all workers should be able to retire with dignity. By stripping workers of the pensions that they’ve earned, we effectively take away their dignity. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/cuJ3YSQbdD Giving low-income families access to fresh, healthy food at farmers markets is a win-win. It’ll help SNAP dollars go further, improve nutrition in Ohio communities, and open new markets to local farmers. … After a two and a half hour hearing, Kathy Kraninger still hasn’t provided concrete answers about her role in the Administration’s family separation policy.pic.twitter.com/AAxnDCFuvD Nobody wants Mr. Mulvaney out of the @CFPB faster than I do. But American consumers can’t afford five years of someone who stands with the bankers in this administration & on Wall Street. We need a CFPB Director who will sit with hardworking families at their kitchen tables. -SB She's been involved in managing one disastrous policy after another. The botched response to hurricanes in PR has left US citizens to fend for themselves. A housing policy that would increase homelessness. The admin’s cruelest policy yet—separating kids from their families. At the Office of Management and Budget, she signed off on a $1.9 trillion dollar tax break for millionaires. To pay for it, she helped write a budget that would triple the rent for families that are already struggling to get by. For months, I urged the Administration to nominate someone to lead the @CFPB who had a track record of working for consumers.  Unfortunately, Ms. Kraninger has no experience whatsoever in consumer protection. Congress created the @CFPB to prevent the need for those heartbreaking conversations ever again. From 2012 to 2017, the CFPB won 12 billion dollars in relief for 29 million Americans. That’s 12 billion reasons for Wall Street to hate the CFPB. The financial crisis started when greedy lenders lured families into scam loans they could not afford. Behind all the numbers were thousands upon thousands of painful conversations around kitchen tables. WATCH LIVE: Sherrod and @SenateBanking hold a confirmation hearing for @CFPB nominee Kathy Kraninger and @EximBankUS nominee Kimberly Reed.  … And other members of @SenateBanking have reached out to Ms. Kraninger in preparation for tomorrow's hearing as well, and have yet to hear back. This hearing should be postponed until we get her answers.pic.twitter.com/ZPYHjOmXV2 .@CFPB nominee Kathy Kraninger still hasn’t provided a response to our letter w/ @senwarren about her role in the Admin’s family separation policy. Anyone involved in overseeing that disaster is not qualified for a promotion, much less to a job this important to working families. “[Wall Street] used that to pay themselves bonuses. We use our pensions to pay for medicine and food and heat.” – Larry #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/uAQKAim1sw Congratulations to @CommShelterBd on their grant from @HUDgov – an investment that will fund their important work combating youth homelessness in Ohio. … Reporters aren’t enemies of the people. They’re doing work that’s essential to our democracy – and they should be respected and encouraged at every age. Last week, it was great to talk to Ohio youth correspondents about their important work, and thank them for all they’re doing.pic.twitter.com/CSNgFnzhEk Mr. Quarles missed the 2008 crisis the last time he was in charge, and has spent his time at the Fed doing favors for Wall Street at the expense of working families. Americans can’t afford to reappoint a nominee who failed American workers, homeowners, and taxpayers. -SB The last thing we ought to be doing is installing another nominee – this time, for a term of fourteen years – who doesn’t seem to understand that workers are the backbone of our economy. Wall Street simply does not respect the dignity of work. Data from last week tells a story Ohioans know too well – while big banks and corporations are doing better than ever, workers still haven’t gotten a meaningful raise. The Fed’s job is to ensure that the economy works for average Americans. During his time in the Bush Administration, and in his role at the Fed so far, Randy Quarles has done the opposite. Time and time again, Mr. Quarles has sided with Wall Street, not workers. When Randy Quarles’ nomination to serve as Vice Chair of Supervision at the Fed came before the Senate last fall, I urged my colleagues to vote no.   Everything about his record in the last ten months confirms my worst fears. Sherrod’s asking Powell if he thinks we should focus on real wages rather than nominal ones – “and by that measure is the typical worker really better off this year than he or she was a year ago?” And this is all while corporate profits are soaring, and workers are working harder and producing more than ever before. … On a nominal basis, wages have gone up a bit.  But in real terms, wages haven’t budged recently.  @BLS_gov reported that the hours for production and nonsupervisory workers are flat and pay has actually dropped over the past year.  That’s four out of five workers. Last week, Chair Powell said, “As unemployment has declined — now all the way down to 4 percent, the lowest it's been in 20 years — we would have expected wages to move up fairly significantly. We now just in the last year or so, we have seen wages move up.” Much of that is up to Congress to address, but over the last six months, I have only seen the Fed moving in the direction of making it easier for financial institutions to cut corners, and I have only become more worried about our preparedness for the next crisis. -SB And we should be turning our attention to bigger issues that don’t get enough attention, like how the value placed on work has declined in this country, and how our economy increasingly measures success only in quarterly earnings reports. When banks are making record profits, we should be preparing the financial system for the next crisis, building up capital, investing in workers, and combatting asset bubbles. The regulators are loosening rules around big bank capital, dismantling the @CFPB, ignoring the role of the FSOC, undermining the Volcker Rule, and weakening the Community Reinvestment Act. Three banks – Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and State Street – all had capital below the amount required to pass the stress tests, but the Fed gave them passing grades anyway. Earlier this month, as part of the annual stress tests, the Fed allowed the 7 largest banks to redirect $96B to dividends & buybacks. This money might have been used to pay workers, reduce fees for consumers, protect taxpayers from bailouts, or be deployed to help US businesses. While hours have increased a bit over the past year for workers as a whole, real hourly earnings have not.  And for production and nonsupervisory workers, hours are flat and pay has actually dropped slightly, according to @BLS_gov. Meanwhile, the tax bill’s impact beyond Wall Street – on workers who haven’t seen a real raise in years, on young Americans drowning in student loan debt, on families trying to buy their first home – is an open question at best. If you just look at Wall Street, it certainly looks strong – that’s what happens after $1.5 trillion dollars in tax cuts for corporations and wealthy Americans are funneled into stock buybacks and dividends, juicing stock prices. Just last week, a Federal Reserve official said, “There are definitely downside risks, but the strength of the economy is really pretty important at the moment. The fundamentals for the U.S. economy are very strong.” WATCH: Sherrod slams the President’s attacks on the free press in Helsinki today. “America’s reporters aren’t enemies of the people. They’re doing work that’s essential to our democracy.”pic.twitter.com/Jlcco0kTrc One retiree from Youngstown said, "It's not about if you're a Republican or a Democrat, it's about breaking a promise." Workers and retirees earned their pensions - and we are going to fight to find a solution and keep that promise. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/r5tPVDXXUM At @SenateBanking tomorrow, we want to hear Fed Chair Powell’s thoughts on why workers are not doing better 10 years into an economic recovery. GDP has gone up. Corporate profits have gone up. Wall Street is raking in billions – all on the backs of American workers. But those workers aren’t sharing in the wealth they are helping to create. … The Ukrainian community in Ohio knows all too well the dangers of unchecked Russian aggression. We must demand Russia turn over the spies who hacked our election and show Putin we will not put up with threats to our infrastructure that undercut our democratic institutions. -SB The intelligence experts we trust to keep America safe have said that Russia continues to threaten our democracy and our critical infrastructure, and the President missed an opportunity to do something about it. If Putin is not prepared to hand over the Russian intelligence officials responsible for hacking our election, the President should cancel the meeting.pic.twitter.com/M9jsgipuhN Thank you to all the workers, business owners, and retirees who came to the rallies and the Pensions Committee hearing in Columbus. The best ideas don’t come out of Washington – they come from conversations with you. And we’re going to get this done. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/f55j8E7oln “I fought for this country....Don’t put us through this. For some of us, these are the last years of our lives.” - Mike, a veteran and retired Teamster from Cuyahoga Falls #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/BL3OtX4Dnx Sherrod: “What happens if this committee doesn’t do anything?”  Roberta (from Spangler): “We go belly up.”  #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/LTBn9DpPJe The hearing room in Columbus is packed with people who traveled from all over the country to fight for this cause. They’re counting on this committee to find the solution they need and #SavePensions.pic.twitter.com/uBJJk70v8v Our witnesses today are speaking on behalf of more than a million workers and retirees affected by this crisis. We see you. We hear you. And we’re here to find a solution for you. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/8VKaRwJgM6 WATCH LIVE: Sherrod and @senrobportman are convening a field hearing of the Pensions Committee in Ohio to hear directly from workers and retirees affected by this crisis.  … Sherrod’s rallying with workers and retirees LIVE ahead of today’s Pensions Committee hearing in Ohio. … More t-shirts than suits in the line to get in to today’s pension hearing – as it should be. We’re in Columbus to hear directly from the workers and retirees affected by the pension crisis. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/q6qSSzz5LS “This is a middle class problem, it’s not about if you’re Republican or Democrat. It’s about breaking a promise. If we can’t believe a promise from the federal government, what can we believe?” - Ed, Youngstown #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/3eMLElesYv Enjoyed talking to ⁦@SenSherrodBrown⁩ on #GoodDayColumbus this morning on ⁦@fox28columbus⁩ . He and ⁦@robportman⁩ are holding a hearing at the statehouse today about the #pension crisis.pic.twitter.com/yjYozJhy93 Today’s Pensions Committee field hearing in Columbus begins at 2pm. Watch it live at  …. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/ogiMLAqTFL “The train is on the tracks now but it’s going to come to a stop if we don’t find a solution soon. This pension was deferred compensation – and we won’t stop fighting till we get what we earned.” - Whit, Columbus #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/PN8jy4mSHr “Fix it. Fix it now. It’s the right thing to do, and it’s the right time to do it.” - Norm and Dave, @MineWorkers. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/qdnLQWzFDW .@Teamsters Local 20 is here with a message: don’t take away the pensions they earned. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/KtU9bgxW4W Roberta is testifying tomorrow on behalf of so many workers like herself: she’s getting ready to retire, but she just can’t afford it as a result of this crisis. She needs the committee to come together on a bipartisan solution to protect the pension she earned. #SavePensionspic.twitter.com/QOqTJ8t3zq Any national paid leave plan should build on the #FMLA, and reflect the well-established needs laid out in that law – parental leave, family care leave, personal medical leave, and military caregiving leave. -SB It’s important we understand what we’re talking about when we discuss Family & Medical Leave. Some policy makers tend to talk about paid fam & med leave in terms of new parents. This is an important piece but we’re also talking about caring for sick or elderly parents & partners. "One of the most common misconceptions is that #FMLA is just about new babies – and it is not. 75% of people use it....for family caregiving or personal medical leave....About 55% of uses are for somebody who has their own serious health condition." - @VShabo of @NPWF Thanks for your work on this. Let’s get this done, and give Larry Doby the honor he deserves. … Union-made, American-made, fashion-forward.  …pic.twitter.com/EIJ89t3eTx "We all want to help families navigate a changing economy, and make sure hard work pays off. We believe that all work has dignity. So I’m encouraged that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are taking this seriously." "Any national paid leave plan should build on the #FMLA, and reflect the well-established needs laid out in that law – parental leave, family care leave, personal medical leave, and military caregiving leave." "We also know that only covering parental leave excludes the vast majority of workers. Three-quarters of Americans who use the #FMLA take time off to care for their own health or that of a seriously ill family member." "Using your retirement security to fund paid time off from work when you have a child is not paid family leave at all – it’s robbing from your retirement to be able to care for loved ones now." "Unfortunately, the approach some of our colleagues are currently proposing amounts to cutting Social Security for the workers who need it most." "My Republican colleagues also have some ideas on the table, and I want to thank them for their desire to work together on this issue. Democrats too are at the table, ready to negotiate and reach a solution that can become law." "Today, Democrats have put forward a thoughtful approach that I believe could reach consensus. This is a commonsense bill that builds on Social Security. It would offer low-cost, portable benefits that all US workers would earn & it would be paid for by both workers & employers." "Today’s bipartisan hearing is an important baby step forward on this issue. Members of both parties are coming together to recognize that this isn’t acceptable in a modern economy, & acknowledging that we have to expand our social insurance to include paid family medical leave." "American families lose nearly $21 billion in wages each year because they don’t have access to paid leave. People who work in jobs like ours, who wear suits and have good benefits, may not realize that the vast majority of American workers have no paid family leave at all." Today, Sherrod and Senator Bill Cassidy are holding a bipartisan hearing in the Social Security Subcommittee about paid family and medical leave. Follow Sherrod’s opening statement here, and watch live →  … With only three days to go until the Pensions Committee field hearing in Columbus, hear what employers had to say at the last hearing about what’s at stake for them and their businesses in this crisis.pic.twitter.com/dWa1BHWGjE WATCH: Sherrod slammed the latest giveaway to Wall St―despite failing stress tests, Goldman Sachs & Morgan Stanley were given passing grades anyway. “In what classroom in America would a teacher negotiate over test results & allow a student to pass the exam after earning an 'F?'"pic.twitter.com/2IXMu3bcwr Larry Doby is not just a sports hero, but an American hero who overcame discrimination and hostility as a young man to lead Cleveland to victory and lead our country in the right direction. We keep this statue in our front office, as a reminder of his heroism and skill.pic.twitter.com/dTl4bNGdV1 A great step forward in honoring an extraordinary American – and one-time Ohioan. … Thanks @IvankaTrump. Paid family leave isn’t a Republican issue or a Democratic issue – it affects every sector of the economy, and workers of all ages with all types of families. Glad we’re coming together to work toward a bipartisan solution. … I plan to review Judge Kavanaugh’s record thoroughly and ask him tough questions face-to-face before I make my decision. I will not support any Justice who would take rights away from Ohioans. -SB I’m already very troubled by the Supreme Court’s recent decisions stripping rights from Ohioans, and I have serious concerns about some of Judge Kavanaugh’s rulings against women’s rights and consumer rights. This summer, we partnered with organizations across Ohio to offer 19 camps in 15 counties. To find a manufacturing camp near you, visit → … And starting this week, girls at our Lorain County camps will explore careers in everything from logistics & design to engineering & tech. Manufacturing jobs aren’t just for men – and the educational opportunities given to our students should reflect that. … At another camp in Ross County, students worked in teams to build solar powered cars. They also toured Kenworth facilities, and got the chance to use robotics equipment. … Last month, Youngstown students attended a medical manufacturing camp, and learned about STEM jobs in their community. One of the week’s highlights: building a prosthetic leg out of recycled materials. … This is the sixth straight year our office has hosted these camps – which are often the first interaction students have with local manufacturing. These summer camps help Ohio students realize all the potential careers they could have in Ohio manufacturing. Spent the morning in Mahoning County, meeting students at a Summer Manufacturing Camp our office helped organize. Our day at camp included lessons about energy technology and a visit to KTSDI, a local manufacturer.pic.twitter.com/3risLatnqN The Professor of Baseball is back to make sense out of stats in Episode 2 of Math and Baseball! What are the chances of a baseball team winning 22 games in a row, like the @Indians did last year? Find out right here →pic.twitter.com/In0lykghip We often hear about the issues that divide us and not enough about those that unite us. #NetNeutrality is one issue Senate Democrats and Republicans have already united behind. Now its’s time for the House to do the same. … BREAKING NEWS: The Pensions Committee is coming to Columbus for a field hearing on July 13th, to hear directly from current workers and retirees who will be affected by the pension crisis if nothing is done. Learn more here: … Our hearts break for Officer Vu Nguyen's family, the Cleveland Police Department and all those who knew and loved him. We are so grateful for his service. … The VA’s overpayment mistakes hurt the very people VA is supposed to serve, forcing thousands of veterans into debt. Veterans shouldn’t pay for the VA’s errors. … We often hear about partisanship and political gridlock in Washington – but it’s never been more important for us to reach across the aisle and get things done for the people we represent. … Scott Pruitt used taxpayer dollars to benefit himself while working to gut Lake Erie cleanup and the Renewable Fuel Standard and the Ohio jobs that depend on them. He never should have been confirmed in the first place, and it’s past time for him to go. -SB More and more grandparents are forced to step up to raise their grandchildren as a result of the addiction epidemic, and they need our support. Our bill – which is now headed to the President’s desk – is a good step in the right direction. … This year, we also express our gratitude to the @FBI and our law enforcement for keeping Cleveland and our neighbors safe during today’s festivities. Happy 4th of July! Today, we celebrate our independence and thank the service members, veterans, and military families who’ve sacrificed so much to protect our freedom. In the past, bank stress tests were real tests. These days, it is more like a cozy conversation between friends. With each change to weaken financial protections, big bank lapdogs increase the likelihood of another crisis that devastates hardworking Americans. -SB … China’s cheating has shuttered steel plants across our state, put Ohioans out of work, and distorted global markets. The tariffs are an important step toward enforcing trade laws and making clear the U.S. will not allow China to cheat Americans out of their jobs. In Youngstown today at the Vallourec Star steel pipe mill. The workers here are some of the best in the world, and understand how important – and necessary – the Administration’s tariffs are.pic.twitter.com/YT0QEQChO5 Whatever you need to celebrate tomorrow, American workers have you covered. #unionmadepic.twitter.com/uXRt0Nynya Clevelanders are grateful to the @FBI & all law enforcement officers for their work protecting our city & our neighbors from this attack. And we thank all law enforcement who work every day to keep our country safe and secure from the ongoing threat of homegrown terrorism. -SB … The expansion of the Women’s Recovery Center in Cleveland is just a small step toward ensuring Ohioans have the resources they need to combat the opioid crisis. … What’s worse is that the Federal Reserve wants to make life even easier for the big banks, by removing a key funding constraint and reportedly making next year’s tests even easier. -SB Instead of payouts to executives and wealthy shareholders, big banks should be reinvesting profits into workers, lowering costs for consumers, and taking steps to avoid more taxpayer bailouts. Between the partisan tax bill, the #DoddFrankRollback bill, and the Administration constantly checking items off of Wall Street’s wish list, it’s a great year to be a big bank. … This past month, we joined together to recommit ourselves to ensuring all Americans, regardless of who they love, have the equal rights and equal protections they deserve. No one should ever have to feel afraid or ashamed simply for being who they are. For the 2nd year in a row, the White House broke with tradition & failed to offer an official presidential proclamation recognizing June as Pride Month.   So in the Senate, we introduced our own now-annual resolution recognizing June as LGBTQ #PrideMonth. … Journalists ask tough questions, bring us stories that affect our day-to-day lives, & tell stories that might not otherwise be told. They are undeterred even in the face of unimaginable tragedy, as today’s @capgaznews shows us.   To the heroic Capital Gazette reporters—thank you. … Our hearts break for all those affected by this horrific act of violence. Thank you to the police and first responders who are on the scene. -SB … An attack on public service unions is an attack on all unions, & an attack on unions is an attack on all workers. Today’s decision is shameful, but make no mistake: we’ll keep organizing alongside our #union brothers & sisters, and fighting for workers who build the middle class.pic.twitter.com/2mIIv6C3Cs I’m already very troubled by SCOTUS' actions in just the last few weeks—taking away workers’ rights, voters’ rights & women’s rights. I hope POTUS will take this opportunity to bring Americans together by appointing someone with a well-respected record all sides can support. -SB The decision in #JanusvsAFSCME is shameful, and it’s a setback – but we're not going to stop organizing and fighting back for workers who build the middle class. We will always #StandWithWorkers. Pope Francis said, “We don't get dignity from power nor money or culture. We get dignity from work.” And part of the dignity of work is about giving workers power in their workplace, and a seat at the table. #JanusvsAFSCME is an attack on workers' freedom to advocate for themselves. Workers produce more than ever, but don’t share in the wealth they create. Our economy doesn’t value work. We change that by giving workers a voice in the businesses they help build – not silencing them. Thanks to the families from each of Ohio’s children’s hospitals for coming in today to tell your stories and discuss everything from the importance of Medicaid to superhero parties. We will always work to ensure you have access to healthcare that will keep you active and healthy.pic.twitter.com/G1GDG6oBRM WATCH LIVE: after @DispatchAlerts reported that just two out of the ten most common jobs in Ohio pay enough to afford a modest two-bedroom apartment, Sherrod’s on the floor to call for a reinvestment in hard work, and in workers. … We keep America safe by aggressively going after terrorism, not by turning our backs on children and families who are fleeing the very same terrorists we are fighting against. … It’s no secret that Ohio is home to all kinds of innovation and excellence. On this day in 1974, the first Universal Product Code (UPC) was scanned in Troy, forever changing the world of buying, selling, and shopping.  …pic.twitter.com/Q0DucAGzsu WATCH LIVE: Sherrod’s speaking out about GM’s decision to build the Chevy Blazer in Mexico – a move that was reported on the same day that GM cut the second shift at their Lordstown plant, laying off 1,500 Ohio workers. … We are so grateful to all Ohio officers who put themselves in harm’s way protecting our communities every day. -SB Our hearts go out to the officer’s family, fellow officers and the entire Mentor community. We send our support to the first responders and medical professionals who came to the scene and all those investigating this terrible tragedy. … GM should reverse this irresponsible decision, and use its tax windfall to invest in American workers. -SB GM’s timing on this outrageous decision could not have been worse. On the same day GM is laying off workers in Youngstown, the company is bypassing American workers and sending more jobs to Mexico. … In Columbus today talking about the need to protect thousands of civilian defense jobs in Central OH. These workers perform critical missions like information security & logistics, & their jobs are an important part of OH’s economy & our national security.  …pic.twitter.com/Gy7ocFOj5j Excited to announce that the 2018 Propel Ohio Leadership Summit for undergraduate students will be on Friday, October 12th at @CLE_State. Learn more here →  pic.twitter.com/NFy4mzVXGU Hoping for a quick recovery of the wounded officer. Thinking of everyone involved and grateful to Ohio officers who put themselves in harm’s way every day to keep us safe. -SB … Today was the 11th annual Ohio College Presidents Conference hosted by our office. Thank you to the 35 college presidents who joined us to help us learn, and to share their ideas – we can’t wait to see what they do next. #OhioSchoolsDCpic.twitter.com/qqTHQZwR8M .@PresBWarren joins with Ohio university president's for the 11th Ohio College Presidents' Conference hosted by @SenSherrodBrown. @KentStatepic.twitter.com/puZQbus2Zv I am attending the Ohio College Presidents Conference hosted by @SenSherrodBrown in Washington, D.C. today. Lots of opportunity to extend @ohiou ‘s innovation efforts in partnership across our state. -MDNpic.twitter.com/rz0QH7VJss Great to be at the Ohio College Presidents Conference with @SenSherrodBrown and 50 colleagues to talk about innovation and entrepreneurship.pic.twitter.com/sIITDHEOPO @SenSherrodBrown kicking off the Ohio College Presidents conference in DC. Great dialogue and information sharing.pic.twitter.com/rAy26x0dfX – bei US Senate Meeting Rooms TY ⁦@SenSherrodBrown⁩ 4 hosting the Ohio College Presidents Conference! Great panel on Innovation, Incubators & Entrepreneurship in 21st Century. ⁦@SheltonMercer⁩ ⁦@SonalRShah⁩ ⁦@jimwoodell⁩ ⁦@NSFSBIR⁩ ⁦⁦@medflygenes⁩ ⁦@AUTM⁩ ⁦pic.twitter.com/sDvBj1yovd – bei Senate Visitors Center With @SenSherrodBrown at the 2018 College Presidents Conference.  #OhioSchoolsDCpic.twitter.com/6jdYfOxs5x We are here at @SenSherrodBrown Annual meeting for #Ohio presidents!pic.twitter.com/383RN1gRWi Pleased to be part of Senator Brown’s Ohio College President’s Conference in Washington, DC today.  Wonderful program and powerful discussions! #WeAreDubCpic.twitter.com/7gjJg5EAwY Thanks Senator Sherrod Brown for asking Oberlin to be on the host committee for your 11th annual Ohio College Presidents’ Conference!pic.twitter.com/CEagbTtnkM Ohio colleges and universities are meeting, here in Washington, DC, to discuss higher education issues and opportunities.  Thanks to Senator Sherrod Brown for hosting us! pic.twitter.com/CoZJWNeIJd WATCH LIVE: Sherrod speaks after President Trump reverses course and ends the family separation policy. …  … And in our meeting this afternoon, @DeptVetAffairs Secretary-nominee Robert Wilkie must commit to working toward greater transparency and solutions to improve care at VA nursing homes. Joining with @SenatorTester, @SenDougJones, @SenGillibrand & @SenBillNelson to file an amendment that would require @DeptVetAffairs to release this secret nursing home quality data. We need to know where these homes are failing so we can work on improving care for our veterans. This week we learned @DeptVetAffairs has secret data about VA nursing home facilities – what’s worse, this data shows Ohio facilities aren’t meeting the standards our veterans deserve. … I am imploring @POTUS, not as a Senator, but as an American, as a father and grandfather – please take action to prevent any more children from suffering such trauma. -SB Dr. Colleen Kraft, current President of @AmerAcadPeds and past Medical Director of the Health Network by Cincinnati Children’s, told @CBSNews this policy “will do great harm,” and described it as “child abuse.” … I’m demanding answers from @SecNielsen and @SecAzar about what they are doing to care for the mental, physical and emotional well-being of severely traumatized children in their custody.pic.twitter.com/jachHzFEx3 Further, their reporting warns that in at least one facility housing these children, staff are under the impression that policy prohibits them from hugging or otherwise physically comforting children as young as two-years-old who are under extreme stress. … .@kristinegWP and @NPRJoel have reported that the trauma experienced by children forcibly taken from their parents by @CBP is likely to have long-term effects on their mental, emotional and physical health. … Introducing a bill with @SenAmyKlobuchar today to restore the rights of voters and uphold the integrity of our election process. … Last week’s decision in the Ohio voter purge Supreme Court case was a step backward for our democracy – we need to make it easier, not harder, for Ohioans to vote and make their voices heard. .@BetsyDeVosED has continued to chip away at protections for student loan borrowers, and she’s made it a lot harder for student loan borrowers of color to get ahead. We’re calling on her to take action to address these racial inequities in student debt. … Demanding answers today with @SenWarren about exactly what role Kraninger has played in developing and implementing this appalling and cruel process before moving forward with her nomination to head the @CFPB. #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/9MUSMNpnN1 At @OMBPress, Kathy Kraninger - the Administration's nominee to head the @CFPB – oversees policies implemented by @DHSgov and @TheJusticeDept.   That includes the "Zero-Tolerance Policy," which has torn over 2,000 children from the arms of their parents. Tearing apart families is wrong and will not fix our broken immigration system. President Trump can immediately reverse this inhumane policy.  … Joined veterans in Cleveland to talk about the All-American Flag Act, which would require the fed gov't to only buy flags that are American-made. American tax $$ should go to American-made products that support American jobs, especially when the product is a symbol of our nation.pic.twitter.com/ccJw9OUf8G OCC Comptroller Joseph Otting – the man who’s charged with overseeing our country’s large banks – said he can’t say if discrimination exists because he’s never “personally observed” it.   He needs to open his eyes in order to do his job. … Working families need a @CFPB Director who will fight for them. For months I have called for a CFPB Director with a track record of holding Wall St & payday lenders accountable. The White House should pick an experienced, serious, independent leader. -SB … Wishing Ohio dads a happy #FathersDay – as well as the father figures who help raise and teach our children. We also celebrate the fathers who are spending the day at work to support their families. Thank you to everyone following this important legislation. The online list of cosponsors should be updated soon. -SB We demand all children be treated with compassion. Tearing families apart is wrong and will not fix our broken immigration system. That's why I joined @SenFeinstein’s bill last week to keep children and parents together. ICYMI: Otting must open his eyes to this reality in order to do his job. #OCCnoColor … Here are some additional steps we can take →  …pic.twitter.com/dNhTZoMMRH We have more work to do to address the root of China’s cheating and reset our trade imbalance, and I will continue working with the Administration to push for long-term solutions. -SB China’s cheating has shuttered steel plants across our state, put Ohioans out of work, and distorted global markets. Today’s tariffs are an important step toward enforcing trade laws and making clear the U.S. will not allow China to cheat Americans out of their jobs. Watch Sherrod question Otting at this morning’s @SenateBanking hearing. … And @PewResearch found that in 2015, "27.4% of black applicants and 19.2% of Hispanic applicants were denied mortgages, compared with about 11% of white and Asian applicants" … In the banking sector Otting oversees?  The Center for Investigative Reporting analyzed tens of millions of mortgage records & they found that people of color are far more likely to be turned down for a loan, even when you take into account factors like income & size of the loan. @PewResearch: “About half of Hispanics in the U.S. (52%) say they have experienced discrimination or have been treated unfairly because of their race or ethnicity.” … @NPR: “Almost all of the black people who responded — 92 percent — said they felt that discrimination against African-Americans exists in America today.” … @PewResearch: “About four-in-ten working women (42%) in the United States say they have faced discrimination on the job because of their gender.” … OCC Comptroller Joseph Otting – the man who’s charged with overseeing our country’s large banks – said he can’t say if discrimination exists because he’s never “personally observed” it. He may actually be in the minority there. What’s more patriotic than the American flag?  Supporting American jobs by buying American-made products.  This #FlagDay, learn about our bill with @SenatorCollins & @RepCheri that would require the federal gov't to only buy flags that are American-made. … We already knew that Readler has tried to strip Ohioans of their rights – and now he’s putting politics above legal precedent and insurance companies ahead of cancer patients. Readler's attack on patients with pre-existing conditions – which 3 other career lawyers refused to make – "could have long-lasting implications for the rule of law in the nation."  …pic.twitter.com/QhL4Srnr2M Nor did the significance of the 3 lawyers’ refusal to sign on to the Administration’s argument.  …pic.twitter.com/VSrb4kH1YY This serendipity didn't go unnoticed.  …pic.twitter.com/fae35MoaX1 Last week, 3 career @TheJusticeDept attorneys withdrew from a legal brief challenging protections for pre-existing conditions in the #ACA.  Political appointee Chad Readler was all too happy to take their place. The next day, the Admin nominated him to be a 6th Circuit judge. Chatting with @SenateMajLdr about how great this year's #FarmBill is, in terms we both understand: it's both a grand slam AND the Triple Crown of bipartisan bills. -SBpic.twitter.com/CqmwNeD4g8 "The risk to businesses include employers not only in declining plans but also in healthy plans & the job risks impact not only union employees but also non-union employees. This is not a future crisis; it is a current crisis." -Aliya Wong, Exec Dr of Retirement Policy @USChamber "My message today is simple: this committee must succeed in its mission to solve the multiemployer funding crisis." - Mary Moorkamp, Chief Legal and External Affairs Officer of Schnuck Markets WATCH NOW: Businesses are urging the Pensions Committee to find a solution to the pensions crisis.  … BREAKING NEWS: @USChamber new report “The Multiemployer Pension Plan Crisis: Businesses and Jobs at Risk” … Op-ed in @thehill by @USChamberEPD: The multi-employer pension crisis … WATCH LIVE: @senorrinhatch and Sherrod hold a hearing of the Pensions Committee to learn more about how the pensions crisis affects American businesses, as the committee members continue working toward a bipartisan solution.  … Hear more from Ohio @CWAUnion workers about what it means to them to work in a call center, and the pride that they take in their work → … Great to see @CWAUnion workers today, and thank them for their continued advocacy. We join them in fighting for a trade policy that puts American workers first, and for legislation that protects call center jobs from the threat of outsourcing.pic.twitter.com/SCTdwJGiPl But we’ve heard empty promises from the North Koreans before, so we must continue to hold them accountable with tough sanctions until we see proof the North Koreans are taking real steps to dismantle their nuclear weapons program. -SB We all want these negotiations to succeed, and I’m glad the President had a positive meeting with Kim Jong Un. … “Sherrod Brown wants you to know he has your back.” Damn right – and that’s regardless of what you look like, where you work, or who you love. … We need to fight the addiction crisis at every level – prevention, treatment, and recovery. And that must include making sure recovering Ohioans have job opportunities to get back on their feet. … This ruling further shows why we can’t afford to pack our federal courts with judges who have a track record of hostility towards Ohioans’ most basic right. -SB Ohio should be working to make voting easier, not harder. Instead, today’s decision empowers Ohio to further strip away the right to vote for thousands of Ohioans, threatening the integrity of our state’s election process. … It also includes our Local FARMS Act – which would help farmers sell their products directly to consumers, create rural jobs, and invest in local and regional food economies. … The bipartisan Senate Farm Bill is good for farmers, good for families, good for taxpayers, good for jobs, and good for Lake Erie. It has provisions protecting Lake Erie, improving Ohio’s dairy programs, and preserving #SNAP. … Congrats to the @warriors on their victory – and to the @cavs & @KingJames on another great season. While I maintain that the first game was rigged, a deal’s a deal. @SenFeinstein & @SenKamalaHarris – get ready for some of Ohio’s finest brews from @senrobportman & me. -SB .@senrobportman – despite a rigged Game 1, I’m staying optimistic about the series. Nobody does a comeback like Cleveland. Get ready, @SenKamalaHarris and @SenFeinstein. -SB The Toledo area has a long and storied history as a center for the American glass industry, and First Solar's investments remind us that glass innovation and technology development still find their home there. Congratulations to First Solar as they break ground on their newest Wood County plant – set to be one of the largest solar factories in the Western Hemisphere.pic.twitter.com/AGRFQXN7U7 It’s simple: women should be paid the same as men for the same work. We need to strengthen the #EqualPayAct by passing the #PaycheckFairnessAct. … This Sunday marks the 55th anniversary of the #EqualPayAct. And yet too many women still aren't earning the same amount as their male counterparts – that difference is even worse for women of color. Learn more about Readler and Murphy’s records – and their work trying to strip Ohioans of their rights →pic.twitter.com/1HtRmySTVw I cannot support nominees who have actively worked to strip Ohioans of their rights. Special interests already have armies of lobbyists and lawyers on their side, they don’t need judges in their pockets. -SB … I believe Ohio kids have the right to quality education, Ohio citizens have the right to vote, working families have the right to be protected from abuse by big banks, and Ohioans have the right to marry the person they love. But this alone is not enough - just as we protect our national security against threats from foreign investments, we must also protect American jobs & the economy from foreign investments. Talked on the floor this week about our bill with @ChuckGrassley, designed to do just that:pic.twitter.com/c4QHo7OZke It's great news that this year's #NDAA includes our bipartisan measure to strengthen the tools the U.S. uses to block national security threats posed by investments from China and other countries. Mulvaney has proven once again he would rather cozy up with payday lenders and industry insiders than listen to consumer advocates who want to make sure hardworking Americans are not cheated by financial scams. -SB … Glad to have Tina sitting at the table – and already grateful for her work on tough problems like the pension crisis. … Congratulations to Ohio’s @BorenAwards scholars, who will soon begin their studies in countries all over the world. After they return, they’ll be putting their skills to use in public service. Godspeed!pic.twitter.com/BLVCfxaUca Last week, Boeing flight technicians in SC voted to join a union for the first time, giving them a voice in their workplace & the freedom to bargain for the pay and benefits they’ve earned. Now we need to give workers all over this country the same power in their own workplaces.pic.twitter.com/6rvYDMBhvL So what does the Volcker Rule do? It stops banks from taking big risks with your money. Those complicated, risky bets were a big reason for the financial crisis that cost millions of Americans their jobs and left taxpayers on the hook to clean up Wall Street’s mess.pic.twitter.com/IU7HuKlQiu WATCH LIVE: Sherrod's on the floor blasting the latest handout to Wall Street: a proposal gutting one of the key consumer protections in #DoddFrank, the Volcker Rule.  … All Americans deserve to be protected from discrimination – regardless of where they live, what they look like, or who they love. We must continue working to advance the cause of justice for all. … Standing with @SenBooker, @maziehirono, @SenMarkey, @SenJeffMerkley @SenSanders, @SenBrianSchatz, @SenatorTomUdall, @ChrisVanHollen, @SenWarren, & @RonWyden in support for the Boeing flight readiness technicians in South Carolina who voted to join the @MachinistsUnion last night.pic.twitter.com/IrTyzkDbmw Following our success in securing new screening devices for federal law enforcement agents earlier this year, we need to give Ohio officers the same tools to address Ohio’s opioid epidemic and protect themselves from dangerous drugs like fentanyl. -SB … I urge Boeing to respect the decision its workers have made, and come to the negotiating table in good faith. -SB Tonight’s victory is a win not just for the Boeing technicians, but for all workers trying to advocate for themselves in the workplace, often in the face of significant employer opposition. I congratulate the Boeing flight readiness technicians for voting to join a union. … Thanks to students in CLE today who joined us to discuss gun violence prevention. We can’t say we're doing what it takes to keep Americans safe until we're finally willing to pass commonsense laws to protect Ohioans from gun violence. We will not give up on making America safer.pic.twitter.com/8DbsxrlwqF Hey @SenFeinstein and @SenKamalaHarris – let’s make the #NBAFinals a little more interesting. When the @cavs do #WhateverItTakes and win against the @warriors, how about you owe @SenRobPortman and me two cases of your home state drink of choice? -SB Democratic and Republican senators agree: Keep the Amtrak ticket window open at Union Terminal   @SenSherrodBrown @robportman via @enquirer To effectively fight the opioid epidemic, we need to give law enforcement the tools they need to detect and identify fentanyl – before it’s too late. In Columbus today to talk about the POWER Act:  …pic.twitter.com/uAskmbJd8R The U.S. lost 200,000 call center jobs between 2006 and 2014 - and make no mistake, these are good jobs that we want to keep here. In Dayton today calling for action on our legislation with @SenBobCasey to keep call center jobs in Ohio.  …pic.twitter.com/hrsUdvKHfG It’s a disgrace that we have allowed the transportation system our parents and grandparents left us to fall into disrepair. But this problem is also an opportunity we need to seize, to put Ohioans to work. Learn more about the Bridge Investment Act: … It’s no secret that Brent Spence is in bad shape – but Cincinnati’s Western Hill Viaduct is in disrepair too. In fact, of the more than 27,000 bridges in Ohio, approximately 1,650 are classified as “structurally deficient” and 4,700 are classified as “functionally obsolete.”pic.twitter.com/FneX326hR2 Good luck to Ohio's P-R-E-C-O-C-I-O-U-S competitors. #SpellingBee  … On #MemorialDay, we remember all Ohioans who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. It’s our duty to honor them, on this day & every day, by doing all we can for our veterans & their families. We also honor all those who are spending today working to support their families. In @KingJames’ words – “In Northeast Ohio, nothing is given. Everything is earned.” Cleveland’s ready for #Game7. #WhateverItTakes As they say – it ain’t over till it’s over. What a comeback for the @cavs last night. #WhateverItTakes An alternative headline: “Caps Fans Encounter Cleveland Hospitality” … This proposed rule isn’t about protecting women; it’s about scoring political points at the expense of women's health. Instead of wasting time policing women’s health care, the Admin should be addressing the opioid epidemic and solving critical problems like the pension crisis. By placing the federal government in between a woman and her doctor, the Administration's misguided and rushed proposed changes to #TitleX will prevent Ohioans from getting the care they need. … It's always a pleasure to see the inimitable @sr_simone. Her advocacy continues to change our country for the better, and we can all learn from the example she sets. -SBpic.twitter.com/CeGWdRanhh Rooting for @CWRU Softball today in their first game of the NCAA DIII Championships! … We have more to do to make sure that every worker feels safe, supported, and heard in their workplace – regardless of where that is. Just now, the Senate passed bipartisan legislation that will improve how cases of sexual harassment and workplace discrimination are handled on Capitol Hill. This is an important step forward, but it's just the beginning. Last week, @Pontifex called our current financial system “an inadequate framework that exclude[s] the common good.” We're not going to give up on making that better – and that starts with listening to the people we serve, and fighting for the protections they need. #DoddFrankRollBack – which just got signed into law – increases the likelihood of a big bank failure and a financial crisis, and adds $671 million to the deficit. Make no mistake: it's a gift for Wall Street, and a setback for Main Street. Wages have been largely flat. 44 percent of Americans adults can’t afford an emergency expense of $400. One in four renters spends half their income on housing. But in light of all that, this Congress thought the best thing to do was to pass another giveaway to big banks. WATCH LIVE: As the #DoddFrankRollback bill gets signed into law, Sherrod quotes @Pontifex on the floor: our current financial system is “an inadequate framework that exclude[s] the common good.”  … Ohioans still deserve answers from Discovery Tours and that’s why I’ve called federal authorities to investigate. -SB … I was proud to welcome Northwood Middle School’s 8th graders and Van Cleve Elementary’s 6th graders to our nation’s capital today and grateful to the folks who worked so hard to make sure these kids could still make their trip.pic.twitter.com/K8p3rKSmBk Yesterday, Congress once again sided with special interests and Wall Street instead of taxpayers, homeowners, students and working families. This is shameful, and it’s a setback – but we’re going to keep working to hold banks accountable and protect consumers. "Congress sent a bill to President Donald Trump’s desk Tuesday intended to roll back regulations adopted after the 2008 financial crisis, weakening consumer protection and modestly increasing the risk of another banking collapse." #DoddFrankRollback … .@steelworkers are here today to tell their stories – about how Chinese cheating has shuttered steel mills & devastated communities, about why steel jobs are critical to our country, about what their union card means to them.   Keep speaking up. We need your voices in this fight.pic.twitter.com/KWOsao1cHA Army Pfc. Michael J. Metcalf made the ultimate sacrifice for our country, and Ohio remains grateful for his service. … Workers are producing more and working harder than ever before – they are the ones who grow our economy.   This ruling is shameful. Whether you punch a time sheet or make a salary or earn tips, you deserve to have power in your workplace – and I’ll keep fighting for that. -SB Workers deserve to have their day in court when they've been wronged. This ruling means they'll have to settle their claims behind closed doors with private arbitration – giving the power to the employer. Yesterday, the Supreme Court chose big companies over workers, and stripped workers of their power to sue the employers who've violated their rights. … HAPPENING NOW: Sherrod's talking to @thehill at the @Newseum this morning about opioid addiction prevention. #YouthOpioidAwareness … Thank you to the workers and retirees who joined us in Columbus this morning. We won’t stop speaking out about the pension crisis until we find a solution – these men and women must get the retirement security they earned.pic.twitter.com/oNJknBCzfK They are counting on Congress to put partisan politics aside and work together, and I am committed to working with my partners in the Senate to get the job done. -SB Ohio farmers, families and communities depend on the #FarmBill to support agriculture jobs, feed hungry families and help keep Lake Erie clean. Banks and payday lenders already have armies of lobbyists on their sides – they don’t need one more. -SB … Our workers are more than a line item in a budget, a cost to be minimized – rather, they are our greatest resource. When their hard work doesn’t pay off – when they have no economic security and their paychecks don’t reflect the work they do – our economy cannot grow. "What is morally unacceptable is not simply to profit, but rather to avail oneself of an inequality for one’s own advantage, in order to create enormous profits that are damaging to others" -@Pontifex  … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod’s with Ohio retirees and workers in Columbus this morning, talking about protecting the retirement they’ve earned.  … In Cincinnati today, calling on the administration to keep its commitment to this city, and make sure the NIOSH project can continue on schedule. We can’t put these Ohio jobs at risk, and we can’t put at risk the important work NIOSH does to keep workers safe on the job.pic.twitter.com/WYmaDa2N9o “A big overarching problem in America isn’t that poor people aren’t working hard enough; it’s that their wages aren’t high enough, their jobs & hours can be unpredictable & their employers don’t provide robust enough benefits for them to live w/o support.” … Horrified by another senseless act of violence. Ohio stands with Santa Fe and we are grateful to all first responders. Of course our priority is supporting the victims, law enforcement, and community. We also know that thoughts and prayers alone are not enough. -SB WATCH: Pensions expert confirms the cost of doing nothing is unimaginable for retirees, workers, businesses, and taxpayers. Congress must act.  … Thanks to Maj General Cooley, the Air Force Research Lab Commander at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, for coming in this week. Good to hear from him on how we can continue to support AFRL’s important S&T work.pic.twitter.com/lEC9KlNeEl WATCH: during Police Week, Sherrod thanked Ohio’s law enforcement officers on the Senate floor, and honored those who lost their lives while keeping us safe.pic.twitter.com/OnwTUHRHZX Like many Ohio businesses, the Internet is crucial to realtors. Glad that so many Ohio members of @nardotrealtor were here yesterday to witness the Senate’s passage of one of their top priorities - #NetNeutrality.pic.twitter.com/tuXtARkQca Simply propping up the PBGC is not enough. We can’t take our hands off the wheel, close our eyes and allow this car to crash, simply because we bought an insurance policy. We have the opportunity to do just that – to keep those businesses open, to save those jobs, and to ensure workers get the entire retirement they earned. Ask anyone who’s ever totaled a car or dealt with flooding or fire in their homes – you’re sure glad you have insurance. But you’d much rather have avoided the disaster in the first place. PBGC is the insurance company for these retirement plans. Like any insurance plan, PBGC doesn’t kick in until the damage has been done – after businesses have gone under, and after jobs have been lost, PBGC is supposed to cover part of the retirement workers earned. WATCH LIVE: Sherrod and @senorrinhatch chair the third hearing of the Pensions Committee, focused on the crisis threatening the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation – which serves as the insurance company for multiemployer pensions.  … Thank you to everyone who made their voices heard in this fight. And as this #NetNeutrality bill moves to the House, keep the momentum going. A victory in the Senate today for the thousands of Ohioans who depend on a free and open Internet. #NetNeutrality is about keeping the Internet accessible for small businesses, students, entrepreneurs, startups, and Ohioans looking for jobs - and these people won today. And today, Brandon Standley, President of the Ohio Association of Chiefs of Police, came in today for a discussion about highway safety and other law enforcement issues.pic.twitter.com/RWMlkPqaqG Yesterday, members of the Ohio Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association talked officer safety and healthcare, and saw a demonstration of the high-tech screening devices that local law enforcement would get under the POWER Act.  …pic.twitter.com/PXuzTRnOJ8 During #NationalPoliceWeek, we thank the law enforcement who've devoted their lives to keeping us safe – and hear from them about what more we can do to support their life-saving work. A member of my staff delivered House and Senate gallery passes to @SolonSchools Middle School students today for their upcoming trip to Washington, DC. After a crazy few weeks, hopefully this will lessen some of the stress once they are in DC. I hope you have a great trip!pic.twitter.com/qWxv1P8hfM Today’s vote on #NetNeutrality is about whose side we’re on: corporate special interests, or the people we serve who depend on a free and open Internet.pic.twitter.com/omp8NllMVU #Ramadan Mubarak to all those celebrating! #NetNeutrality is about making sure your access to information doesn’t depend on how much money you have. We must always defend a free and open Internet.pic.twitter.com/4fqX2mDexf The third bill is the Working Families Tax Relief Act. This would provide a stronger Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit to more families and workers. … Then there's the Corporate Freeloader Fee: if you pay your workers what their work is worth, you get a tax cut. But if you choose to pay people so low that they are forced onto government assistance, you have to reimburse taxpayers. … First, the Patriot Corporation Act: this bill would cut taxes for corporations that commit to staying in the US, to hiring in the US, and to providing good wages and fair benefits for workers. … At #CAPIdeas this morning, discussed some of our ideas for a tax bill that would have actually put more money back in the pockets of American workers and fixed some of the broken incentives in our economic system. We trust schools to educate and prepare students, but ECOT, William Lager, and his companies have abused that trust to rig the system to enrich themselves. We're demanding the answers that Ohioans deserve. … "I think workers in my state are looking for somebody in elected office to talk about the dignity of work, to talk about whose side are you on, to talk about why work matters - no matter what they do." - Sherrod at #CAPIdeas todaypic.twitter.com/wANPJLAQbG "I think we need to talk about work differently. Some people on the coasts call my state the Rust Belt, and that diminishes who we are, and it demeans what we do." - Sherrod #CAPIdeaspic.twitter.com/eIOMWDgyJF "Are you on the side of Wall Street or are you fighting for the little guy?" -@SenSherrodBrown at #capideas 2018. .@paulkrugman agrees with Sherrod - companies must look at workers as more than a cost to be minimized. The idea that what’s good for Wall Street is good for workers is wrong. #CAPIdeaspic.twitter.com/HMWgyK4Vfm Sherrod kicks off the conversation by talking about his plan to make hard work pay off - he argues that Americans are working too hard for too little, and says we need to change how we think about the American economy. Learn more here:  … #CAPIdeaspic.twitter.com/rHOIM0E8jG HAPPENING SOON: Sherrod’s kicking off today’s #CAPIdeas Conference in a conversation with @neeratanden and @paulkrugman about the state of the American economy. Follow the highlights here, and watch the discussion at  pic.twitter.com/woC8OopqMj They don't make them tougher than Harry Reid. We're all rooting for you, Harry - give cancer hell. -SB Helen and Jesse are just two of the hundreds of small business owners across Ohio who've depended on @Google and the internet to start their business. Hear from them about how they began Mason's Creamery: … Excited to once again watch the King and the @Cavs take care of business in the Eastern Conference Finals. Go Cavs! #WhateverItTakes Today, we celebrate the moms across Ohio who work so hard to give their children the best possible life – and that includes those who are spending today working to support their families. Happy #MothersDay. We are keeping this brave Deputy in our thoughts. Thank you to all the first responders on the scene. … Considering Mr. Mulvaney's comments on how he chooses who to meet with, we want to know who's on his schedule every day and who has his ear - be it payday lenders, bankers, or anyone else interested in eliminating the @CFPB. … President Trump says he wants to lower drug costs. He could make good on his promises to lower prescription drug prices by endorsing the Improving Access to Affordable Prescription Drugs Act, and helping us pass it into law. … As Ohioans increasingly learn, do business & communicate online, I’m glad to be partnering with @Google to help connect Ohioans with new digital skills to help them find a job, start a biz, or grow their careers. Learn about today’s Grow w/ Google event →  …pic.twitter.com/C11VrrCa5h Nurses want to provide the best possible care to their patients, & to do so safely. We must establish standards that invest in our nurses & improve patient care. That starts with the Nurse Staffing Standards for Hospital Patient Safety & Quality Care Act. … Every day, patients across Ohio count on nurses in their time of need - and during #nursesappreciationweek, we say an extra thank you to the men and women who work so hard to listen to us, advocate for us, and keep us healthy. Our bipartisan resolution designating this week as National #TeacherAppreciationWeek just passed the Senate. But the work to make sure our educators feel valued and supported never stops. To all the teachers out there – thank you for what you do. If President Trump wants to lower prescription drug prices, he can start by helping us pass the Improving Access to Affordable Prescription Drugs Act – which @HuffPost described as “just about every policy idea drug lobbyists hate.” … @TheJusticeDept and @FTC must determine whether Discovery Tours broke any laws, and ensure there are proper consequences for the company cheating hardworking parents out of their money. … Discovery Tours defrauded hundreds of Ohio students - not only will these kids miss long-awaited school trips, but they and their families have yet to receive any information from the company about if or when they'll get their money back. … JUST IN: Joint Select Committee Co-Chairs @senorrinhatch and @sensherrodbrown announce a May 17 hearing to examine the financial state of America’s pension insurer.   Workers earned their retirement security over a lifetime of hard work and they gave up pay to do it. They were promised pensions – and it’s our responsibility to make sure that promise is kept. … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod's on the Senate floor to fight for #NetNeutrality. "Are my colleagues going to allow corporate special interests to shut down the free and open internet, or for once, is this body going to stand up for the people we serve?"  … Mick Mulvaney has defaulted on his obligation to help the thousands of Americans who are struggling with unfair student loans. The President should quickly nominate a Director with bipartisan support and a track record of strong consumer advocacy. -SB … Demanding answers from big banks on how exactly they will use their windfall from the Republican tax bill to reinvest in American workers and bring offshored jobs back to the US. … .@CWAUnion and @ForBetterBanks found that America’s big banks have slashed jobs in the US while also moving and keeping jobs overseas.  …pic.twitter.com/IMLaghAxII Today, we are officially filing the petition that will allow us to force a vote on #NetNeutrality. I was proud to sign it – and I’ll keep fighting to make sure Ohioans have access to a free and open internet. -SBpic.twitter.com/xwkCUK0SE6 We must fight any effort to use America’s veterans to line the pockets of wealthy corporations. -SB … Great to talk with @RepConorLamb today about working together to solve the pension crisis.pic.twitter.com/ohsukwqWxK Everyone agrees we must prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, and the President has only made it harder to hold Iran accountable. -SB MORE:pic.twitter.com/Vhn53OsQBq Mick Mulvaney would rather chat up payday lenders at golf tournaments in the Bahamas than protect American consumers – and then lie about it. He should resign immediately. … These banks need to provide Congress and the American people with detailed strategies on how their companies plan to reinvest in US workers and their communities. Read my letters to several of the biggest banks → … Rather than use their massive tax windfalls to invest in American workers, big banks are instead using their tax cuts to line the pockets of top executives and shareholders after shipping US jobs overseas and laying off American workers. Thanks again to Lt General Robert D. McMurry, Commander of the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center at WPAFB, for meeting with us. WPAFB is the best, logical location for the F-35 HPSI – a move that’d be supported by the full OH Congressional delegation.  …pic.twitter.com/hQKa5snrBW The @cavs are on a roll – one more win tonight, and Cleveland’s in the Eastern Conference Finals. Game on, @Raptors. #WhateverItTakes Veterans’ organizations oppose privatization because they know the bottom line will be profits, not service to veterans. We won’t let that happen. … Mr. Mulvaney insisted that he hadn’t rubbed elbows with payday CEOs or their lobbyists and lawyers in exotic locations....   An exclusive club in the Bahamas seems pretty exotic to me. -SB  …pic.twitter.com/pfdBoGSVwP Connie and I grieve the loss of Rabbi Aaron Panken. Our thoughts are with his loved ones and all those who learned from him. -SB … Today the Massillon community pauses to remember the 3 Massillon steelworkers who laid down their lives in 1937. They made the ultimate sacrifice for US workers. From the ashes of that strike, workers built a stronger steel industry & a stronger community. … Joined Mahoning Valley veterans today to discuss their ideas for improving the @DeptVetAffairs, and hear their concerns about the possibility of VA privatization – something we must never allow to happen. Our veterans deserve better.pic.twitter.com/jkTLd6kGBn GM is getting billions in tax cuts. They can write off the entire cost of retooling the plant to save these jobs and meet market demands in the same year they make the investment. There’s no excuse for them not to do it. -SB I hope President Trump will join me in calling on GM to save these jobs when he is in Ohio tomorrow. … The Biggest Week in American Birding begins today in Northwest Ohio – the Warbler Capital of the World. Reply here with your best birding pictures! (it’ll get hawkward if no one does…)pic.twitter.com/r3Qpwcwrg3 As we remember the tragic shooting at @KentState today, the site will be officially designated as a National Historic Landmark. Our nation will never forget the images of that day & this designation will ensure Kent State’s place in history will be recognized for years to come. … I have spent time with Ohio #smallbiz who have done everything right, but are being punished because their business thrived while so many of their competitors failed. We cannot allow these plan to fail and take thousands of businesses and jobs with them. -SB And it isn’t just retirees who will feel the pain. #SmallBiz are at risk of collapsing if they end up on the hook for pension liability they can’t afford to pay. #SmallBusinessWeek is a good reminder just how important our work on the Pensions Committee to solve the multiemployer pension plan crisis is. To all the reporters out there: thank you. #WorldPressFreedomDaypic.twitter.com/DIsLxHqmYe Great news – and it’s just more proof that when we get serious about enforcing our trade laws, we can deliver real results for Ohio and Ohio workers. … .@SenKamalaHarris, @SenSherrodBrown, @SenTinaSmith, @SenGaryPeters and @SenatorShaheen are all in on saving #NetNeutrality!  In just one week -- on Wednesday, May 9th -- we will officially file the petition to force a vote on the resolution to #SaveTheInternet.  #OneMoreVotepic.twitter.com/SKtAnRYGix Most Americans want to support American jobs by buying American whenever they can, and that includes the customer service they get from call centers. American tax dollars should support American jobs. -SB … Mr. Mulvaney's 'pay to play' comments were unethical and unacceptable – and they may have violated the Hatch Act. Today, we're demanding answers: … Privatization always ends up enriching people at the top, and compromising the service for those that are getting services from the agency. We can never allow the @DeptVetAffairs to be privatized – our nation’s veterans deserve better. … I’m glad to continue working with @senrobportman to ensure GLRI has its full strength as communities continue their important work to keep Lake Erie clean. -SB … Interested in learning more about applying to a Service Academy? Join an information session hosted by our office and @senrobportman’s office tonight at @youngstownstate’s Kilcawley Center at 6pm. More info here: … Great to visit with @toledonews today. Spotted this proud piece of history in the lobby.pic.twitter.com/X8sSiqdKmr During #SmallBusinessWeek, we recognize and celebrate 30 million small businesses across the country – and that includes almost 1 million in Ohio, which employ over 2 million Ohioans. What’s your favorite Ohio small business?  … Last week, Mick Mulvaney told 1,300 bankers to weaken the @CFPB. He wants to stop the consumer agency from representing consumers – and that's as bad as it gets. He needs to resign.pic.twitter.com/TeXhEGmQQd It's #NationalParkWeek, Ohio! Explore the outdoors and #FindYourPark this weekend:  … Today, we commemorate #WorkersMemorialDay to recognize the sacrifices American workers have made for our country. While we’ve come a long way, our work as policymakers is far from finished. We cannot stop working until all workplace fatalities are events of the past. -SB TODAY, safely dispose of your unused prescription medications at one of over 200 drug #TakeBackDay sites in Ohio:  …pic.twitter.com/PCcwQ8wcUL Congratulations @RepBradWenstrup on earning the Soldier's Medal today.pic.twitter.com/oVKSShhP9B .@jamiedupree’s sons Teddy and Henry have already mastered the art of hard-hitting questions, particularly about the Cleveland @Browns – looking forward to seeing their bylines one day. … From supporting torture - which our military leaders say doesn’t work - to discriminating against Muslims and LGBTQ Americans, Mr. Pompeo’s record does not reflect American values. -SB I cannot support Mr. Pomepo to be the face of America around the world, because he hasn’t upheld human rights here at home. Banks and payday lenders already have armies of lobbyists on their side – they don’t need one more. Mick Mulvaney should resign. … Mr. Mulvaney’s comments go against everything public servants should stand for. It’s not about partisanship; it’s about ethics – and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle see that. -SB … President Trump needs to move quickly to nominate a VA Secretary who has earned the support of veterans & is fully vetted and ready for the job. This chaos caused by the White House has gone on too long already, and we can’t let it get in the way of the VA’s critical mission. -SB Millions of American veterans depend on the @DeptVetAffairs for health care and benefits, and they deserve a strong leader at the top who will stand up to political pressures and work every day to improve care for them. Mr. Mulvaney should resign, and The White House should quickly nominate a permanent @CFPB Director with bipartisan support and a moral compass. Banks and payday lenders already have armies of lobbyists on their sides – they don’t need one more. -SB Deciding who you will meet with based on campaign contributions is the kind of ‘pay to play’ that understandably makes Americans furious with Washington, DC. … Honored to receive @AARP’s Congressional Award today. Looking forward to continuing to work with them, @senrobportman, @SenatorCollins, and our other champions to maintain the medical expense deduction at 7.5 percent of AGI for our seniors.pic.twitter.com/bvsNMgeD8F It was an honor to have Mrs. Fran Greenberg here to watch French President Macron's address with her son, Rabbi Greenberg. Fran was born in Paris in 1937. She tells her story to ensure that we never forget the Holocaust – or allow it to happen again. We are her witnesses.pic.twitter.com/7ya6tBavaQ This is supposed to be a government by the people, for the people. Not a government of the thieves and the money changers. Mick Mulvaney is a disgrace. … LIVE: after Mick Mulvaney bragged about only meeting with lobbyists if they’d donated to his campaign, Sherrod’s calling for his resignation. “The White House should quickly nominate a permanent @CFPB Director with bipartisan support and a moral compass."  … Mr. Mulvaney - you’ve made it clear that your congressional office was for sale. Does the @CFPB have a price tag too? -SB  …pic.twitter.com/cM4jC7wG0o Good to chat with @brownfield Ag Radio’s @BRNAgNews_Amie today about #FarmBill2018, SNAP, and collaborations between @SenateAgDems and @SenateAgGOP to make sure Ohio farmers have the support they need.pic.twitter.com/7bEn6edN8U How did @WellsFargo react to being fined for its outrageous auto and mortgage loan abuses?   By bumping up its executives’ salaries. … And the third is a bill cosponsored by @senrobportman that would extend the life of program I worked to create more than 20 years ago, which would increase support for Ohio children’s hospitals and help train the next generation of pediatricians. … The second is a bipartisan bill called the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, which would establish a voluntary cancer registry of firefighters - this data would help expert researchers better assess and prevent cancer among firefighters. … The first is a provision @SenCapito and I worked together on in the Opioid Crisis Response Act, that will start to help communities address the workforce shortage created by the addiction crisis. … It’s never been more important to reach across the aisle and get things done for the people we serve. Today, three bipartisan efforts cleared a key Senate committee and are now one step closer to becoming law. A brief look at the legal career of the President's nominee to the Fifth Circuit, Kyle Duncan: -he tried make it harder to vote -he worked to limit women's access to contraception -he attempted to restrict the rights of LGBT individuals   He has no place on the bench. #StopDuncan The full Ohio congressional delegation is in agreement: the Pentagon should locate the F-35 HPSI Organization at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, which could bring an additional 400+ jobs to Ohio.  …pic.twitter.com/utN4dwbg0M It’s going to be a big few days for Ohio sports fans as the @cavs and the @BlueJacketsNHL make us proud in the playoffs. Who’s going to watch? WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU: The Joint Select Committee on Pensions is asking workers, retirees & businesses to submit their input. Hearing from you about what's at stake for you in this crisis will help the committee craft the best possible solution. More: … Every day we fail to confirm ExIm nominees, we put US jobs at risk.  … I hope the @CFPB and @USOCC continue to initiate investigations of financial crime and return money to cheated consumers through their own enforcement actions in the future. -SB While these are substantial fines, they barely dent the almost $24 billion the Administration has and will provide @WellsFargo through tax cuts and proposed capital relief. … Quite the compliment coming from @SenJohnKennedy, who’s had the quote of the day twice in the @nytimes in 15 months in the Senate (and I’ll look into adding “silver-tongued devil” to my business cards). -SB … Thanks to @SenatorHeitkamp for her leadership on this important issue. … Last night, our attempt to get the @EximBankUS back up and running was blocked on the Senate floor. It just makes no sense that special interest groups with extreme views continue to try to kill this important institution, which supports so many Ohio jobs.pic.twitter.com/SyUiolE023 Glad to have you and Maile on the Senate floor today, @SenDuckworth. This is an important moment of progress for this body, and it’s an important reminder that working parents deserve to be supported wherever they are – beyond just the Senate. -SB … The Quality Care for Moms & Babies Act is one step in the right direction. By improving quality of care for mothers & babies, and taking a more comprehensive healthcare approach, we will help address the disparities in maternal & infant mortality in Ohio. … Black women are 243% more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth-related causes than white women. Black maternal mortality rates have reached crisis level – it’s past time that we come together to find solutions. Last week was the inaugural #BlackMaternalHealthWeek, where we work to raise awareness of the rising maternal mortality rate of black women in this country, and commit to addressing this problem head-on. Yesterday’s decision is good news for the thousands of Ohioans who depend on Planned Parenthood clinics for life-saving cancer screenings, HIV/AIDS prevention and contraception education. As @PPFA says: “these doors stay open.” #IStandWithPP … Thanks to the Ohio hospital CEOs who joined us for our first annual Ohio Hospital Conference today. It's important for Ohio health leaders to share their ideas and hear directly from their elected officials, like @senrobportman, @boblatta, and @RepBillJohnson.pic.twitter.com/Ijx5xkbY7h This vote will make it harder for middle class Americans to get ahead and responsible businesses to follow the law. -SB Today, Republicans voted to undermine enforcement of our fair lending laws. If you don’t think bias or indifference is still part of our society, you are not paying attention.  From Starbucks to the Senate floor, it is still very much a part of our lives. It’s an honor just to be nominated. … Nearly four years ago, Ohioan Logan Stiner unnecessarily lost his life to a dangerous and unregulated product. This announcement out of the @US_FDA will finally help ensure other Ohio families never have to suffer the same way the Stiners did. -SB … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod and @senorrinhatch lead the second hearing of the Joint Select Committee on Pensions, as they work toward a bipartisan solution to fix this country’s pension crisis.  … Sherrod: "This provision does not belong on the Coast Guard bill and it should be taken out, so Congress can move forward with passing this important bill without threatening Lake Erie and the jobs that depend on it." BREAKING: the Senate just successfully blocked this provision, which would have made it easier for invasive species to enter our lakes, harm our drinking water, and threaten local lobs that depend on boating and fishing in Lake Erie. … Just another reason to be a @Beyonce fan – thrilled that a student at Ohio’s @wilberforce_u will benefit from her Homecoming Scholars Award Program. … Connie and I are sending love and support to the Bush family and everyone touched by Barbara Bush's life and legacy. -SB Any nominee to head the @DeptVetAffairs must also be ready and able to actively strengthen and improve the VA for our veterans, and I look forward to continuing to hear from Dr. Jackson throughout his confirmation process. -SB We must fight any effort to use America’s veterans to line the pockets of wealthy corporations, so I was glad to hear Dr. Jackson oppose privatization. But simply saying it isn’t enough. Dr. Ronny Jackson, the President's nominee to lead @DeptVetAffairs, said a lot of the right things to me. Now he needs to make those same commitments to veterans at his public hearing and earn their support.pic.twitter.com/ykah4oPSeJ Make no mistake: this so-called “tax cut” was never about helping middle class families. The people we serve deserve better. In fact, @CNBC found that the tax cut riches have gone to executives and investors over workers by a nearly 3-to-1 margin. … Over $250 billion of corporate buybacks have been authorized so far in 2018. That money isn’t going to increased wages or newly created jobs. It’s simply making the rich richer.  A stock buyback is when a corporation buys back its own stock from its shareholders. Why would it do that?   It drives up the price of the stock, leading to a windfall for shareholders and executives. Months after the Republican tax bill passed, we’re watching corporations do exactly what they told us they’d do all along: rather than raising wages and creating jobs, they're rewarding their investors and execs with billions of dollars, right now in the form of stock buybacks. WATCH LIVE: Sherrod speaks out against the attempt to roll back consumer protections in auto lending. “The bill before us today sends a message to lenders across the country that if you’re illegally discriminating, you’re free to get away with it.”  … The bottom line: @GM must use the massive windfall from their recent tax cuts to keep these Ohio jobs. … .@GM – the decision to lay off 1,500 Ohioans will be devastating to the families and communities of the workers whose lives will be impacted. It is particularly galling after your company received massive tax benefits from the recent enactment of the corporate tax cut bill.pic.twitter.com/1YpLlXJsVQ We depend on reporters in Ohio & around the world to bring us the stories that impact our day-to-day lives & tell the stories that might not otherwise be told. @Enquirer did that brilliantly in this piece. Congratulations on this well-deserved honor. -SB … Last week, Sherrod called for a full-scale public health campaign to address the opioid epidemic in a speech to @TheCityClub. Learn more about his three-pronged approach, and his new bipartisan legislation: … "We cannot accept that life expectancy will continue to decline. That families will continue to be torn apart. That entire communities will be written off. And we don’t have to. We can take the lessons of the past & apply them to the opioid crisis today." (photo via @TheCityClub)pic.twitter.com/B4pVz01gsq That's why, as the UN meets today, it's critical that the President build international support around clear objectives for ending the violence in Syria and holding Russia and Iran accountable for enabling the Assad regime. -SB We've learned from the past that a military strike without a diplomatic plan will leave us right back here again a year from now. It's past time for the President to present a long-term strategy to the American people, and he must win their support before taking further military action. First, I'm grateful to our servicemembers who carried out this mission. Last night's strikes appear to be a targeted and proportional response to the Assad regime's gruesome attacks on civilians, and it's important that our allies in Britain and France were part of this process. If @POTUS and @USTradeRep are serious about negotiating new, pro-worker trade agreements with our Asian partners, I am ready to work with them to secure the best possible deals for Ohio. -SB Anything that looks, sounds or smells like TPP would be a disaster for Ohio jobs. @POTUS must keep his promise to Ohio workers and stay away from this failed trade agreement. GM cannot pocket billions of dollars in tax cuts and turn around and fire Ohio workers whose livelihoods depend on these jobs. I expect GM to tell Ohioans immediately how they plan to use their tax windfall to keep Ohioans in their jobs. -SB … This #NationalLibraryWeek, we celebrate the libraries and librarians that enrich our communities. Hear from Aimee about what #netneutrality means to Ohio's libraries –  …pic.twitter.com/cWOqoX8GAU “At a time when there isn’t much cooperation across the aisle, this is something we ought to be able to solve, together. We should all be able to come together to affirm the principle that hard work should pay off.  And I believe we will.” #NPCLive “People of both political parties talk about the American Dream – about the idea that if you work hard, you can earn your way to a better life. These Americans worked hard. They earned a living and they earned a secure retirement.” #NPCLive "And current workers are paying into and counting on these pensions too. They have already made real sacrifices at the bargaining table." #NPCLive "And it isn’t just retirees who will feel the pain. Small businesses are at risk of collapsing if they end up on the hook for pension liability they can’t afford to pay." #NPCLive "[These @Teamsters and @MineWorkers] represent more than 1.5 million workers and retirees. They come from every state in our country. They all are at risk of losing the retirement they earned over a lifetime of work, if Congress fails to act." #NPCLive WATCH LIVE: Sherrod's speaking at the @PressClubDC about the pension crisis facing 1.5 million retirees and workers across the country - and the work he's doing on the Pensions Committee to find a bipartisan solution.  … #npclive WATCH LIVE: @SenateBanking is asking Mick Mulvaney tough questions about his efforts to weaken important protections for consumers.  … #ProtectConsumerspic.twitter.com/NLOJNcG4oX After taking the reins at @CFPB, Mick Mulvaney: ∙ claimed to put the agency under a "hiring freeze" ∙ created new positions for his own political appointees ∙ gave them enormous salaries   Meanwhile, he hasn’t initiated a single enforcement action to #ProtectConsumers.pic.twitter.com/OiRLM4p2mL Before Mick Mulvaney’s arrival, the @CFPB got 12 billion dollars in relief for 29 million Americans that had been harmed by shady practices. Its track record is clear - so why is he trying to take money out of the pockets of hardworking consumers? #ProtectConsumerspic.twitter.com/zmRDAXYoPG Since assuming control of the @CFPB last November, Mick Mulvaney has made countless moves to weaken the agency – whose only purpose is to #ProtectConsumers. Today, we're asking him why →  …pic.twitter.com/6hujMhdpfg JUST IN: Joint Committee Co-Chairs @senorrinhatch and @SenSherrodBrown announce a multiemployer pension plan overview hearing set for April 18. More:   Todd Portune is a dedicated public servant, and he’s a fighter. Connie and I are wishing you all the best, Todd. -SB … We know addiction treatment and workforce training programs can be successful separately, but this crisis requires them to work together. The CARE Act – cosponsored by @SenCapito – will address the workforce shortage created by the addition crisis → … I hear the same thing from Mayors all across Ohio: employers can’t fill openings because workers can’t pass drug tests, and Ohioans struggling with addiction can’t find a job to help them get back on their feet. The Fair and Equal Housing Act of 2017 would add gender identity and sexual orientation to those protected from discrimination under the Fair Housing Act. … 50 years ago today, the Fair Housing Act made discrimination in the sale, rental, and financing of housing illegal for the first time. And on this anniversary, we must redouble our commitment to fair housing, and take real, proactive steps. #FHAct50 If work isn’t valued – if corporations shortchange workers with the help of lawyers like Mr. Ring and Mr. Pizzella – then Americans can’t earn their way to a better life for their families, no matter how hard they work. We must reject these nominations. Patrick Pizzella and John Ring - two of the President's nominees for key labor positions - have spent their careers working to strip workers of their rights, defending corporations accused of mistreating workers, and trying to undermine collective bargaining. We need to outlaw pay discrimination based on gender by passing the Paycheck Fairness Act → … On average, women have to work 3+ extra months to earn what their male counterparts earn in a year. That's not just a women's issue, that's an economic issue.   No matter your gender, you deserve equal pay for equal work. It's that simple. #EqualPayDay .@ConnieSchultz, it is a joy to be your husband. To many more years of bliss – happy anniversary. -SB … Congratulations @SenDuckworth! Connie and I are so excited for you, Bryan, and Abigail. Enjoy this special time with your family. -SB … Sherrod closes by reflecting on our history of successfully making our country safer and healthier: "And we did it all by expanding our sense of the possible – not retreating to partisan corners, but rising to the challenge together as a country." Sherrod unveils his new legislation to address the workforce shortage created by the addiction epidemic: "My bipartisan bill will combine existing resources from the @USDOL and @HHSGov to fund combined addiction treatment and workforce training efforts." Sherrod outlines his approach to combatting the opioid crisis: “An epidemic of this magnitude demands a full-scale public health campaign to match it. It must consist of three parts: •1 - education and prevention,  •2 - treatment, and  •3 - recovery.” WATCH LIVE: in his speech at @TheCityClub, Sherrod’s calling for a major public health campaign to address the opioid epidemic.  … Gunnery Sgt. Holley’s passing is heartbreaking news for Ohio & for our nation. Connie & I join the Montgomery County community in prayers of peace and comfort for Holley’s friends and family, as we commit to honor his memory and the ultimate sacrifice he made for our country. -SB … It was a privilege to serve with Senator Akaka, and to fight by his side on behalf of our country’s veterans. Thinking of his loved ones today, and reflecting on his extraordinary legacy. -SB … A sneak peek at what I’m wearing for today's #HomeOpener, and a little trivia to start the day: who can name the baseball team that used to play at this stadium – and knows what year it hosted its last baseball game? -SBpic.twitter.com/Q8efxsEZ4m When we invest in public health, from fighting the opioid epidemic to strengthening federal response to antibiotic resistance to supporting access to vaccines, we don’t just benefit from a longer lifespan – we live healthier, more productive lives. Our economy does better. #NPHW Unions like @CWAUnion, @SEIU, @Teamsters & @AFTunion are demanding answers during their contract negotiations: how much money is going toward wage increases, and bringing back jobs from overseas? And how much is going to C-Suite paychecks & stock buybacks? … .@justcapital_ studied how corporations have spent their tax cut so far – their nonpartisan analysis determined that 57% of the windfall's gone to shareholders, and a measly 6% has gone to workers.  So much for a tax cut for the middle class.   … Welcome to Ohio, @SecretarySonny. One in seven jobs in the Buckeye State depends on agriculture - and these Ohio farmers are counting on us to pass a bipartisan Farm Bill so they can do their jobs. … We honor the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. today, 50 years after his death. As we work to bend the arc of our moral universe a little further toward justice - as he did - we remember what he said about that arc: it’s long. It’s arduous, it’s uneven & it’s never easy. #MLK50 Congress created the @CFPB to serve as a strong, independent cop on the beat to protect consumers from the kind of financial fraud and abuse that caused the Great Recession. To defang it is to put consumers at risk.  …? Internet providers should not be able to slow down your internet access or charge you more based on the shows you watch, the teams you cheer for, or the politicians you support. The Internet doesn’t belong to a wealthy few – it belongs to you. -SB Congratulations to Michael Busto on this tremendous accomplishment – you exemplify the values of the Eagle Scouts, and inspire us all. … We have a responsibility to work every day to strengthen and improve the VA for our veterans, and any nominee to head the VA must oppose efforts to abandon that responsibility by privatizing the VA. -SB Privatization means putting profits ahead of those who served our country, and I will fight any effort to use America’s veterans to line the pockets of wealthy corporations. Happy Easter! Wishing all who celebrate a wonderful holiday with family. As Passover begins tonight, chag sameach to all those celebrating! There’s nothing like #OpeningDay – it’s worth writing lines on a blackboard for. Hear from @senrobportman and me about some of our favorite Opening Day memories. -SB   PS: #WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWindians … Workers and retirees in Akron are counting on us to fix the pension crisis, so that they can have the retirement security they’ve earned. We won’t let them down.pic.twitter.com/HowxOrrtMF It’s simple – American tax dollars should support American jobs. The President promised to ‘Buy American and hire American,’ and he can make good on that promise by backing our bill. -SB … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod’s with Ohio retirees and workers in Akron this morning, talking about protecting the retirement security they’ve earned.  … .@SenSherrodBrown and I are urging @POTUS to swiftly accept #Ohio’s disaster declaration for the 19 counties impacted by severe flooding earlier this year   In Toledo today to talk about the INTERDICT Act, which is fully funded in the omnibus. This is going to help @CBP keep fentanyl out of our borders, and off Ohio streets - a huge step forward in combating the opioid crisis.pic.twitter.com/zBul5fJk79 @NAPOpolice, National Narcotics Officers' Associations' Coalition, Sergeant’s Benevolent Association, @MjrCitiesChiefs, International Union of Police Associations, and Consortium of Forensic Science Organizations. Thank you to the many groups whose endorsements were pivotal in the passage of this bill: @FOPofOhio, @GLFOP, Buckeye State Sheriff's Association, @NationalSheriff, @FLEOAORG, @BPUnion, Former @CBP Director Gil Kerlikowske, @PaariUSA, @NTOA_Online, @MCSheriffs... While we know there is more work to be done, the funding for the INTERDICT Act in the omnibus is a meaningful step forward for Ohio. By investing in local communities and supporting law enforcement through the INTERDICT Act, we can better address the opioid crisis in our state. In Youngstown today to discuss the INTERDICT Act, the funding for which was recently passed into law.   For too long, Ohio communities have been desperate for the federal government to step up and provide the necessary resources to effectively combat the opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/HpNog7zTTL Thanks to Stoneman Douglas students who met with the team in my office last week. Their activism is making an incredible difference in the fight to pass commonsense laws to protect all Americans from gun violence. Hear from Emily about how this movement for change came together.pic.twitter.com/6TLGDCTeyf To all those marching today: creating change in our country is never easy, and it always requires going up against powerful special interests. Activists like you give us hope for the future. Thank you for making your voices heard, and pressing for change. Cleveland and Canton, along with the state of Ohio, offer excellent economic and historical opportunities, as well as the necessary experience to host the NFL Draft. Joining forces with @senrobportman to NFL Commissioner Goodell to state our case → … If you’re an Ohioan who's coming to DC, you can RSVP to Constituent Coffee here:  Meeting Ohioans at our Thursday Constituent Coffee is one of the highlights of the week – so when snow prevented us from using the Capitol Visitor Center today, we improvised. Thanks to everyone who brightened up our hallway this morning.pic.twitter.com/tE7968tkSq Happy birthday to my friend, colleague, and pensions committee co-chair @senorrinhatch. For the occasion, check out the trailer for our upcoming buddy comedy, “AN HONOR." -SBpic.twitter.com/t6eGeqQGWj Chinese cheating has cost American jobs, and I applaud the Administration for standing firm in its commitment to crack down on China’s continued violations. -SB MORE:  …pic.twitter.com/F7DLlRzK8c The INTERDICT Act - which @POTUS signed into law earlier this year - is fully funded in this omnibus, an enormous step in combating the opioid crisis. The opioid detection devices authorized will help @CBP keep fentanyl out of our country and off our streets.pic.twitter.com/iCgJOvBz8d WATCH LIVE: ahead of this weekend’s March for Our Lives, Sherrod talks about the importance of activism – and the need for commonsense laws to protect all Americans from gun violence.  … We have to phase out the separate minimum wage that forces those who earn tips to work for less and raise wages for all workers – in the front and back of the house. Customers and servers should not have to subsidize companies that refuse to pay decent wages. This omnibus thankfully blocks @USDOL’s proposed rule that would force workers to forfeit their hard-earned tips to employers – it’s not a perfect solution, but it gives workers permanent protections under the law. I think you need to take responsibility and get things right. HUD’s mission is too important to do otherwise. And getting things right means fighting for the funding needed to help more people in this country get a roof over their head. -SB Instead of taking responsibility, Mr. Secretary, you seem to want to blame others – your wife picked out the furniture without knowing the price, your spokesman said something but not you, you shouldn’t be blamed for not listening to your ethics lawyers, the press is unfair.... So it is disturbing to read about one controversy after another at the Dept – ethics lawyers ignored, procurement guidelines scoffed at, whistleblowers facing retaliation, anti-discrimination efforts downgraded, key positions filled based on patronage rather than competence.... The Department of Housing and Urban Development, or HUD, plays a critical role in the success of our housing market, our communities, our families and our goals as a nation. WATCH LIVE: Sherrod questions Secretary Ben Carson over HUD controversies during the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee oversight hearing.  … By investing in local communities and supporting law enforcement through the INTERDICT Act, we can better address the opioid crisis in our state. For too long, Ohio communities have been desperate for the federal government to step up and provide the necessary resources to effectively combat the opioid epidemic. While we know there is more work to be done, the funding in this omnibus is a meaningful step forward for Ohio. ICYMI: Chapter 2 of Sherrod’s Wall Street’s War on Workers series is live on @Medium. Read about how corporations lay off workers to please Wall Street here:  …pic.twitter.com/Z5Yg0kuLx2 Tips belong to the workers who earn them. Period. … In Washington, this may be considered a snow day – but in Cleveland, it’d just be another Wednesday.   No matter where you are – if it’s snowing, drive carefully and be safe on the roads.pic.twitter.com/TBqSVXEKQS Thinking of John Pasko’s loved ones in the aftermath of this terrible tragedy. His mother Cynthia now joins a handful of people in this world who turn unimaginable pain into action, in her appeal for drivers to pay better attention on the roads. … As we consider the next Farm Bill, we must ensure that Ohio agriculture has a seat at the table. The bipartisan budget agreement also included a major improvement to the farm safety net for Ohio’s dairy farmers - which means better and cheaper coverage for many Ohio dairymen, which will help Ohio’s rural communities and local economies. … And in an effort to refocus our efforts to improve water quality across the state—introduced the GROW Act w/ @SenJoniErnst, @SenBobCasey & @ChuckGrassley. It’s good for Ohio farmers, it’s good for taxpayers, & it’s good for water quality & the environment, … Why should we buy apples from Chile when we could get them from any of the dozens of orchards in Ohio? The Local FARMS Act – cosponsored by @SenatorCollins – helps farmers from around the state grow their bottom lines & sell more product at home in Ohio. … When we invest in Ohio agriculture and our rural areas, we see big benefits. In honor of #AgDay, here's just a few things we've worked on this year to benefit Ohio farmers: Read the full essay on Medium: … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod continues laying out the case for how Wall Street undermines American workers in Chapter 2 of his “Wall Street’s War on Workers” series: Laying Off Workers to Please Wall Street.  … Learn more about Crystal, her family, and her advocacy for #CHIP: … Congress’ 10 year #CHIP extension gave peace of mind to thousands of parents across the country – like the Letts, whose son Noble has access to the high-quality healthcare he deserves through CHIP. Hear from his mom Crystal about what this extension means to them.pic.twitter.com/gZnIW0fd59 The fiduciary rule ensures that brokers put their clients’ best interests first, and that Ohioans get clear information about the fees they are paying on their retirement nest egg. @USDOL's decision puts Ohioans - and their finances - at risk. … While we'll miss Ty on the court, we’re glad to see that he's putting his health first. Get well soon, coach. -SB … Just as I take pride in that fact that the suit I’m wearing is made 10mi from my home by union workers in CLE, most Americans want to support American jobs by buying American whenever they can—including the customer service they get from call centers. -SB … .@POTUS said a lot about opioids today, but Ohioans need action. I am ready to work with the Admin to get Ohio communities & law enforcement the resources they need to prevent & treat addiction, starting with the budget Congress will approve this week. -SB … Yesterday, the inimitable @RepMarcyKaptur became the longest-serving woman in House history. Spoke last week on the Senate floor about what makes her such a strong fighter for workers and extraordinary public servant.  …pic.twitter.com/tcjhE1PW3t Congratulations to the Wheerlersburg High School Science Bowl team – Ohio is so proud of your tremendous accomplishment. … I love you. -SB … Saddened to hear of Louise Slaughter’s passing. She fought fiercely for workers, and blazed so many trails along the way. Thinking of her loved ones today. -SB Cleveland retirees and workers understand how pressing the pensions crisis is – and they have our word that we will find a bipartisan solution so that they can have the retirement security they earned.pic.twitter.com/NostDhlZcH Yesterday, the Senate once again sided with special interests and Wall Street instead of homeowners, students and working families in passing #DoddFrankRollback– so between that and a $4.6 million raise, a pretty good day for Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan.  … This #PublicSchoolsWeek, inspired by the advocacy, activism, and passion of Ohio's students as they make their voices heard - and the teachers and administrators who support and encourage them. A gracious move from an exceptional man (and player). Joe Thomas continues to make Cleveland proud, even in retirement. We’ll miss you on the field, @joethomas73. … WATCH LIVE: as @RepMarcyKaptur becomes the longest-serving woman in the history of the House of Representatives this weekend, Sherrod honors her accomplishments and her legacy.  … With so many great Ohio teams to choose from, filling out this year’s #MarchMadness bracket was tough. But one thing’s for sure: the Buckeye State’s got a lot to be proud of.pic.twitter.com/L1uftyXUPa We missed an opportunity to pass meaningful bipartisan legislation that would help community banks and provide real protections for consumers. Instead, we rolled back accountability measures for some of the biggest domestic and foreign banks at the expense of taxpayers. -SB MORE:pic.twitter.com/Nq2rm5NJVx The same Equifax whose former executive was just today charged with insider trading for dumping his stocks just before the company announced its data breach failure. … ICYMI: #DoddFrankRollback *helps* Equifax - the same Equifax that let hackers steal 148 million Americans’ personal data, including birth dates, Social Security numbers and addresses. … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod explains why he is voting NO on #DoddFrankRollback. “Big banks and their lobbyists are about to score a touchdown at the expense of hardworking families across the country.”  … Creating change in our country is never easy, and it always requires going up against powerful special interests. Students like those who’ve made their voices heard in this conversation inspire us all. On #NationalWalkoutDay - thank you to teachers and administrators for your efforts to support student activism, and most importantly, thank you to all the students for your advocacy and your passion. WATCH LIVE: Sherrod and @senorrinhatch hold the first meeting of the Joint Select Committee on Pensions.  … Great seeing the women of @dstinc1913 – including the inimitable @RepMarciaFudge and @RepBeatty – at Delta Days at the Nation’s Capital. Delta Sigma Theta Sorority has a rich legacy of social action and advocacy, and we need its members’ leadership more than ever.pic.twitter.com/J0Rc92HsY5 How often do regional banks get caught money laundering for Russian oligarchs? … Have you ever seen a regional bank give out $2 billion+ in bonuses after losing money 3 years in a row? … Under #DoddFrankRollback, Deutsche Bank – a foreign megabank – would be treated like a regional bank. #DoddFrankRollback literally “rewards” Equifax – just months after the agency carelessly exposed the personal information of almost 150 million Americans. … These are not the banks down the street lending to homeowners in Sandusky or businesses in Findlay. These are some of the most complex global banks that hold almost 1.4 trillion dollars in assets in the United States and more than 14 trillion dollars in assets abroad. And this bill could help banks like Barclays and UBS and BNP Paribas. Banks that have rigged interest rates, helped people evade taxes, violated U.S. sanctions against Iran and Sudan, and manipulated energy markets. This bill could help Deutsche Bank, which the IMF called, “the most important net contributor to systemic risks” of all worldwide banks. Banks like Santander - a bank that illegally repossessed cars from eleven hundred American service men and women while they were serving our country - could have its rules rolled back under this bill. Under #DoddFrankRollback, the foreign banks that took billions in bailouts could be able to take more risks, under a less watchful eye. WATCH LIVE: Sherrod talks about how #DoddFrankRollback could put homeowners at risk. "Is it really too much to ask that a lender consider whether a family can afford the loan it’s getting? Are we back here already?"  … This week marks the 10th anniversary of Bear Stearns’ collapse, which accelerated the financial crisis. Meanwhile, the Senate is considering a bill that @USCBO says would increase the likelihood of ANOTHER financial crisis - where working families would pay the price yet again. Honored to keynote the “Manufacturing a Better-Paying Ohio” summit. We need to get more Ohioans interested in manufacturing jobs, we need to create more of them & we need to make sure manufacturing jobs we do have are good-paying jobs that provide opportunities to build careers.pic.twitter.com/UoDiMuSm0j WATCH LIVE: Sherrod explains how #DoddFrankRollback lets foreign megabanks off the hook.  … Today marks the 106th birthday of the @girlscouts - that's 106 years of inspiring young women to learn, lead, and make the world a better place. Wishing many more happy returns for this fantastic organization. These tariffs finally send a clear message to our trading partners that we will not allow them to cheat Americans out of their jobs. -SB … There are more than a million workers and retirees all across the country who are counting on us to protect their retirement security. We’re ready to get to work on a bipartisan solution.pic.twitter.com/E7Fqe13nl1 Announcing with @senorrinhatch that the first meeting of the Joint Select Committee on Pensions will be Wednesday 3/14 at 10am. … Make no mistake - if #DoddFrankRollback becomes law, the big banks are getting exactly what they want.pic.twitter.com/qR3LYmnOMQ Equifax exposed 147.9 million Americans’ personal information – and what do they get now?  A big fat reward. … One of the biggest beneficiaries of #DoddFrankRollback? Equifax. … President Trump promised to rebuild our infrastructure with American iron and steel made by American workers. That’s what this plan will do, without passing the cost on to communities and working families through tolls and tax hikes. -SB  … Equifax let your data loose and ruined your credit score?  Too bad, you won’t be able to sue them. #DoddFrankRollback now includes a provision that takes away servicemembers’ right to take Equifax to court the next time the company’s recklessness exposes their sensitive financial data. Just last week, we learned that an additional 2.4 million Americans were impacted by Equifax’s data breach – bringing the total to 147.9 million Americans. And yet, right now we’re considering a bill that includes provisions designed to help Equifax. Secretary Mnuchin confirmed that #DoddFrankRollback would treat foreign megabanks as if they were regional banks here in the U.S. We don't need to roll back rules for the largest banks in Switzerland in order to help out community banks or credit unions in Ohio.pic.twitter.com/4uWKhdglmj On #InternationalWomensDay, we celebrate the trailblazing women who came before us and those who are forging new trails today - but we must also recommit ourselves to the work still ahead to achieve full equality. We must not rest until there are no more barriers left to break. "As legislation heads for a Senate vote....lobbyists & other advocates for big banks have seized the opening." That's right. If we want to help community banks, let’s help community banks. We don’t have to give big banks more just because they ask for it.  … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod’s back on the Senate floor to explain the danger that #DoddFrankRollback presents.  … If we fail to stand up for steel jobs today, China will come after other jobs up and down the supply chain tomorrow. … Joining @BuzzFeedNews #AM2DM just after 10am ET to discuss the #DoddFrankRollback bill and more with @BuzzFeedBen. Watch it live here:  I'm interviewing @SenSherrodBrown tomorrow on #AM2DM. What should I ask him? Why are we giving a single ounce of help to these big banks? Besides being repeat offenders, these are the very banks that compete with our local lenders. If we’re trying to help our community banks and credit unions, why give away any favors to their competition? Why are we doing any favors for Citigroup?  Just last month, it announced that it systematically overcharged 1.75 million of its customers on their credit cards. What has HSBC done to deserve any special treatment? Just since the crisis, the Department of Justice prosecuted the bank for laundering money on behalf of the Sinaloa drug cartel. What has Wells Fargo done to deserve an ounce of leniency? This is a bank that created more than 3.5 million fake accounts, including more than 1,500 in Ohio. And yet the bank wants more, more, more. If we want to help community banks, why not just help community banks? If we want to help credit unions, why not just help credit unions? If we want to help regionals, why not just help regionals? Why do the big banks get to have more, more, more? #DoddFrankRollback A telling headline for a bill that's supposedly about helping community banks, credit unions and our regional lenders.  …pic.twitter.com/mvmDPk024N WATCH LIVE: Sherrod explains on the Senate floor how the #DoddFrankRollback bill gives big banks exactly what they want.  … If you are a veteran affected by toxic burn pit exposure, please register here:  …. For any questions - or any issues you have in getting the care you need - please contact our office at 888-896-OHIO. We have to make sure our affected veterans receive the treatment they need. The Helping Veterans Exposed to Burn Pits Act is an important first step. … The STOP School Violence Act is one step we can take right now to boost safety in communities everywhere, but it is just part of a comprehensive, bipartisan convo about steps we can take to prevent tragedies, which must also include gun safety measures. … So we’re going to weaken the rules, and pay Wall Street for the privilege of doing it? That’s just unacceptable. #DoddFrankRollback From the Department of You Can’t Make This Up: the Senate is considering a bill right now that nonpartisan experts at @USCBO say would increase the probability of a big bank failure and a financial crisis, AND add $671 million to the deficit. When workers have a seat at the table, everyone prospers. In Canarycast Ep 3, hear from @AFSCME President Lee Saunders & Jeana, an Ohio AFSCME worker, about the importance of workers having a voice in decisions that are made about their lives & their work.  …pic.twitter.com/JyYuUkeAfF NEW LINK TO KEEP WATCHING LIVE:  … … WATCH LIVE: Sherrod explains how #DoddFrankRollback puts taxpayers at risk of another bank bailout while doing virtually nothing for hardworking Americans.  … This headline says it all: “Senate banking bill likely to boost chances of bank bailouts, CBO says” … The independent budget scorekeeper confirmed what we know – this bank giveaway bill will cost taxpayers. Hardworking Americans shouldn’t have to pay for favors to Wall Street, foreign megabanks and their lobbyists. -SB … The American people don’t suffer from the same collective amnesia that Wall Street has about how devastating the financial crisis was to our country. … Kicked off this Sunday in Canton, to discuss the pensions crisis - and our opportunity to finally find a solution - with Ohio workers and retirees.pic.twitter.com/OoSDJVxfZs Cuyahoga County law enforcement and human trafficking victim advocates agree: the PROTECT Act will provide enhanced measures for law enforcement officers who are working every day to bring traffickers to justice.  …pic.twitter.com/MtsBvFoC4M “All Labor Has Dignity” by Martin Luther King, Jr – a great read every day, but especially on #ReadAcrossAmericaDay. Happy birthday Ohio! The Buckeye State turns 215 years old today – and it’s never looked better.  What’s your favorite piece of Ohio trivia? #RareDiseaseDay is a call to raise awareness for and support Ohioans living with rare diseases or disorders. -SB It’s tough for anyone getting medical treatment for a disease. But it’s even more difficult for those with rare diseases to find treatment when options are limited and the nearest specialist is hundreds of miles away. This month, Ohio laid to rest two remarkable public servants, Westerville, Ohio Police Officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli. Together, these men dedicated decades to the police force, giving the ultimate sacrifice to keep their fellow Ohioans safe. … Tips belong to the workers who earn them, period. We need laws that reflect that, and that reward work. -SB … Ohioans know too well the devastation the opioid epidemic has brought on our state, and communities on the frontlines need our help. We must build on CARA’s strides by directing additional resources toward this public health crisis before it takes more lives. -SB … Did you know that the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program offers FREE tax help for Ohioans – and you might quality for it? Find a list of sites in Ohio here: … Hey @SenBobCasey, get your own basketball legend – the King belongs in Ohio. … A privilege to thank these brave Ohioans for their service today – and for the work they continue to do on behalf of their fellow veterans.pic.twitter.com/5qExWplsfE HAPPENING NOW: Sherrod’s live on Snapchat, explaining why he supports #NetNeutrality – follow along at  …pic.twitter.com/USYCEhDoL2 WATCH LIVE: Sherrod slams the Administration’s weakening of the @CFPB. “We need a new, permanent director of the Consumer Protection Bureau who will protect consumers, instead of handing big corporations a Get Out of Jail Free Card.”  … I just loved Frank and Betty – the hours we spent eating fried chicken at their home; our discussions, okay sometimes arguments, about politics; their wise counsel about government and about life. Frank was a pillar of the Ontario community and a true public servant. -SB … Honored to be Co-Chair of the Joint Select Committee on Pensions. Together, we are going to find a solution and ensure that 1.5 million workers and retirees can have the retirement security they earned. #SavePensions  …pic.twitter.com/9psUwaFg68 #JanusvAFSCME is an attack on workers' freedom to advocate for themselves. We can't let corporate special interests win. #StandWithWorkers We’ve seen the devastating effects that slavery & human trafficking have on communities in Ohio and across the country. We must do more to protect Ohioans from the most heinous of crimes and to provide justice, restitution, and healing for trafficking survivors. … #TBT to a great stop in Dayton last week. When you’re in the funkiest place in America, you’ve got to stop by the Funk Music Hall of Fame.pic.twitter.com/FM8suhDGZj Today @hlcommission is expected to consider a merger of @LifeAtPurdue & #4profit @Kaplan_Univ. Read @SenSherrodBrown and my concerns here  … I have always respected the rights of hunters, collectors, and other law-abiding gun owners, and no one intends to take away their guns. But when our children are not safe in their schools, it’s clear something has to be done to protect against gun violence. -SB We cannot say we are doing what it takes to keep Americans safe until we are finally willing to pass commonsense laws to protect people from gun violence. On this day in 1962, John Glenn became the first American to orbit Earth. And how did my old friend respond to making history? “Boy, that was a real fireball of a ride!” -SB … Over 1.5 million workers and retirees are counting on us to deliver the retirement security they earned - and this Committee will force Congress to finally treat the pension crisis with the seriousness and urgency these folks deserve. … In Toledo today to introduce a new bill to crack down on drug-facilitated human trafficking. The PROTECT Act will provide enhanced measures for law enforcement officers who are working every day to bring these heinous criminals to justice.  …pic.twitter.com/JyI4hXjQDe .@realDonaldTrump, our steel companies and steelworkers deserve the chance to compete on a level playing field, too, and I invite you to come to Ohio and tour a steel mill with me. -SBpic.twitter.com/D7fPc5MpLx .@Teamsters came out in full force in Dayton today to discuss the creation of a Joint Select Committee tasked with finding a solution to the pensions crisis - so that these retirees and workers can have the retirement security that they earned.pic.twitter.com/ePOes3c4DN WATCH: @stevenmnuchin1 committed that the Admin will provide support to the Joint Select Committee solving the pensions crisis. That's good news for 1mil+ workers & retirees, whose retirement security hangs in the balance of this committee's success.  …pic.twitter.com/0OcFFEFUuO Over the last week, our entire state has mourned the loss of two remarkable public servants, Westerville Officers Eric Joering & Anthony Morelli. Together, these men dedicated decades to the police force, giving the ultimate sacrifice to keep their fellow Ohioans safe. -SB MORE:pic.twitter.com/UAW7AcXFKX Tito was one of my favorite players. I remember his incredible 1959 season, when he batted .363 and had seven hits in a doubleheader – my mom, dad, brothers, and I were at the stadium that day. As Pitchers & Catchers start this week, I'm thinking about his legacy. -SB … POTUS promised to deport violent criminals, not innocent young people who are working, going to school, paying taxes & contributing to their communities. Dreamers were brought here as children, thru no fault of their own, & they are American in every sense but the paperwork. -SB I stood with Dems and Repubs today to support two plans that would have provided certainty for Dreamers and boosted border security. I’m disappointed these bipartisan compromises didn’t pass, & I’ll continue working for a commonsense solution to fix our broken immigration system. .@FOPofOhio put themselves in harm’s way every day to keep Ohioans safe. They deserve our gratitude – but they also deserve to be heard and supported when it comes to their priorities. We must always ensure they get what they need in order to do their jobs best.pic.twitter.com/JGBmBWMZo3 Connie and I are heartbroken for all those affected by yet another senseless act of violence today. We grieve with the Parkland community, and thank the first responders who came to the scene and the medical professionals caring for the injured. -SB Happy Valentine’s Day to the best person I know – my wife (and Pulitzer Prize winner) @ConnieSchultz, who makes the world brighter and better every day. -SBpic.twitter.com/JjNcFCBmCN We’ve got to enforce trade rules to make sure that the playing field is level, and we need to crack down on cheaters. That’s how Ohio workers get ahead.pic.twitter.com/hSSCuAQXRx "Trade has always been bipartisan" @SenSherrodBrown asserts alongside colleagues from both parties and @POTUS at the @WhiteHouse. Rita Lewis sums up the outrage of so many Ohio retirees and workers who just want the retirement security they earned: "We did everything the government asked us to do - and here we are at this stage of our life. And it’s like we’re invisible."  …pic.twitter.com/y67TP6EMZT Congratulations to Red Gerard, who made all of Ohio – but especially his hometown of Rocky River – very proud this weekend, when he won America’s first gold medal of #PyeongChang2018. (photo via @YourOAAA)pic.twitter.com/uMrT6pGatw In Canton today, our office hosted a workshop with @SBAgov and @USDA to connect Ohio small businesses with important resources to grow their businesses and create jobs. Thanks to @senrobportman’s office for joining us.pic.twitter.com/Pjiewg19Zy We know Ohio communities and workers are already strapped for cash, and we can’t simply pass the cost of this infrastructure investment onto drivers, cities and counties through tolls and local tax hikes. -SB MORE:  …pic.twitter.com/XZ2iAwISsf Banks and payday lenders have enough lobbyists working on their behalf - the mission of the @CFPB must continue to be fighting for working families. -SB … Connie and I are heartbroken by this loss. We are thinking of the officers' families, their fellow officers and everyone involved, and we are grateful to all law enforcement who put themselves in harm's way to keep us safe. -SB … Congratulations to Sylvania’s Madison Hubbell, a first year Olympian – Ohio is proud to have you represent us at #PyeongChang2018.  …pic.twitter.com/6mD8f34G16 Like any compromise, neither side got exactly what it wanted. But this deal delivers for OH, from funding CHCs & CHIP to fighting opioids & taking a step to solve the pension crisis. It’s past time to pass this bill & provide certainty to families, businesses, & our military. -SB Julio, you’re exactly right that you were just doing your Boy Scout duty – but that doesn’t change the fact that you’re a hero. Ohio’s very proud of you (and so is this Eagle Scout). -SB … Refusing to investigate a data breach that put 145 million Americans at risk is malpractice. Proud to join @SenBrianSchatz in searching for answers here. … Veterans like James have sacrificed so much already to serve our country. They shouldn’t be paying for the mistakes of the agency that’s supposed to serve them. Thanks to James’ advocacy, we are working to improve the lives of veterans across the US. -SB … Good news for Ohio from today's budget agreement:  $6 billion over the next 2 years to address the opioid epidemic  2-year funding extension for community health centers  4 more years of #CHIP funding, bringing the total extension to 10 years … While it is not the immediate solution we hoped for, this Committee will force Congress to finally treat the pension crisis with the seriousness and urgency American workers deserve. -SB Washington bailed out Wall Street, and Wall Street turned around and stole the pensions Ohioans worked for. Now Congress has responsibility to protect the pensions workers earned before it is too late. Announcing the creation of a bipartisan House and Senate Joint Select Committee tasked with solving the pension crisis threatening more than 60,000 Ohioans and 1.5 million workers and retirees nationwide.  …pic.twitter.com/aWVin5emFG Representatives from Ohio's community health centers came in today and shared stories of their important work. These crucial organizations provide much needed services and support good jobs across Ohio – and their funding needs to be extended now.pic.twitter.com/l0jIjowl2X 12,000+ Ohio ECOT students saw their school close overnight, in the middle of the school year, with little warning. We need answers from @OHEducation and State Board of Education about how they're planning to support students and protect taxpayers. … The best ideas don’t come out of Washington, they come out of convos with Ohioans like @OHschoolboards. They come out of their board meetings & their schools & their meetings with parents & teachers. And after ECOT’s closing, hearing from these folks has never been so important.pic.twitter.com/J9SWzZI1Ww Our veterans shouldn’t be paying for the mistakes of the agency that’s supposed to serve them. -SBpic.twitter.com/nddmJERCYx This action to punish Wells Fargo’s scams against consumers is a good step, but long overdue. Scandals at Wells Fargo demonstrate why Congress and the new leadership at the Fed shouldn’t weaken the rules for Wall Street. -SB … We have more to do to ensure no worker ever has to choose between their health and family, or their job - and that includes passing the FAMILY Act and the Healthy Families Act. #FMLA25 … This #MakeWorkPayMonday marks the 25th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act, which provides up to 12 weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave per year. It has been critical for U.S. workers since then, but unfortunately it’s not nearly enough. Community Health Centers help strengthen the regions they serve by caring for Ohioans who often have nowhere else to turn. The delay in funding them is unacceptable. … Once again, Mr. Mulvaney has made clear he will always side with special interests over consumers who count on @CFPB for help. The Admin needs to swiftly nominate a CFPB director who will protect consumers instead of letting well-connected corporations walk away scot-free. -SB Refusing to investigate a data breach that put 145 million Americans at risk is malpractice. … Our veterans sacrifice so much already to serve our country. They should not have to pay for accounting mistakes by the @DeptVetAffairs. Learn about James Powers, and the legislation his story inspired →  …pic.twitter.com/Cr4kXB1hKh To me, renegotiating #NAFTA is all about how do you write a trade agreement that helps to increase wages, not push wages down. -SB … Tips belong to the workers who earn them. Period. … A well-earned victory for @penn_state last night, @SenBobCasey. The Buckeyes fought hard and we'll look forward to our rematch. Happy Valley’s going to be more like Sad Valley after @OhioState takes down @penn_state tonight. Always proud to bet on the Buckeyes. cc: @SenBobCasey … This action to punish Wells Fargo’s scams against consumers is a good step, but long overdo. Scandals at Wells Fargo demonstrate why Congress and the new leadership at the Fed shouldn’t weaken the rules for Wall Street. … Last stop of the day: a roundtable in Dayton. Thanks to so many Ohioans for coming out today to share their stories – Washington will be better informed when renegotiating these bad trade deals because of your willingness to speak out.pic.twitter.com/LVO5INSbBt 