Last year we saw 70,000+ drug-related deaths nationwide, and the #opioid crisis continues to plague communities across the country. We need immediate action. That’s why I helped write a bipartisan bill to tackle the crisis, which I’m proud to say passed in the Senate last week.pic.twitter.com/CdYTccquvF Representing Minnesotans in the United States Senate is different every day—and that’s one of the things I love about my job. Here’s a sense of what I was up to yesterday:  …pic.twitter.com/BNjFpBk6pZ If you think Americans have a right for their pharmacist to tell them if they are being overcharged for meds: today was a good day.   The Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act just passed the House, which means it is headed for POTUS's desk. Proud to have fought for this. Students across MN face difficult situations—family problems & housing insecurity just to name a few—that can put the weight of the world on their shoulders. We need to support students by making sure they can access mental health services where & when they need them—at school.pic.twitter.com/SP5Ye0KUIV #ICYMI: Minneapolis to host @NCAA Women’s Basketball #FinalFour in 2022—the 50th anniversary of Title IX. Slam dunk. … Proof that your voices matter:   Lobbyists tried to turn our bipartisan opioids bill into a massive bailout for Big Pharma. Thanks to those of you who’ve spoken up, we’ve stopped it…for now.   Let’s keep fighting for what’s right. It makes a difference. … Barbara Flanagan had verve. She was funny, smart, stylish and incisive, as she pointed out our weaknesses along with our strengths. I’ll miss her red hair and big smile, her wit and wisdom. … Whatever happens with Rosenstein on Thursday, it is more clear than ever that we must protect the Mueller investigation.   There's legislation I support that would do just that. Mitch McConnell should stop obstructing & bring it up for a vote. Climate change is a serious threat but there’s great economic opportunity if we rise to the challenge of responding to it. Glad to see Minnesota businesses doing exactly that. … #ICYMI, I introduced legislation to help expand access to mental health services for students because I believe we need to make sure our young people can get treatment they need as early as possible.pic.twitter.com/oHfP8We7v5 In May President Trump said drug companies would make “voluntary massive drops in prices” within 2 weeks. But in the first seven months of the year there were 96 price hikes for every price cut. Families are fed up. I'm working to ↓ Rx costs ASAP. … I met a man who had to go back to work in the oil fields at age 73—yep, 73—because he couldn’t rely on his full pension being there for him. Outrageous. The committee to solve the pensions crisis—which I’m a member of—wants to hear from you. More info here: …pic.twitter.com/IWw8QiT8iE My heart goes out to those whose homes and businesses were damaged by yesterday’s storms. Now it’s time to do what we do best: help each other out during tough times. And if you were hit by the storm, check out these State Dept of Public Safety resources:  … Today we honor the courageous Americans who became prisoners of war or missing in action. Never forgotten, and we’re forever in debt for their service and sacrifice. … Happy 50th Birthday, @normandale_cc! Glad my staff stopped by this year to learn about your great work to expand access to higher ed and close the #skillsgap. You’re an important part of our community. … Helping Minnesota servicemembers and veterans is a top priority of  mine. If you experience trouble accessing earned care or benefits, please know that you can turn to my office for any kind of assistance. I’m here to work for you. Grateful for the opportunity to thank Minnesota servicemembers and their families before the @MNNationalGuard's 34th “Red Bulls” Infantry Division deploys to Kuwait.pic.twitter.com/TdbPe8macK We have a good bipartisan opioids bill and we need to get it signed into law. But now Big Pharma is trying to hijack the bill and turn it into a giant pharmaceutical company bailout. No. … Big pharma is trying to use opioid package—which I helped pass in the Senate—to push a proposal to earn even more $. This is the same industry that helped cause the opioid epidemic in the 1st place! Pharma doesn’t need a bailout. Let’s focus on families … A strong RFS is critical to MN—ethanol from corn supports almost 19k jobs. I called on the @EPA to share this information with all of us, and transparency is a step in the right direction. But what the EPA really needs to do is stop abusing these waivers. … Turning on a light when you wake up. Using the toaster to make breakfast. We often don’t realize how much we depend on the electric grid in our daily lives. I intro'd a bill to help modernize our energy systems to reflect the 21st Century. More info here:  … A free & open internet isn’t just nice, it’s necessary for families, students & business to thrive. #TBT to rallying outside the U.S. Capitol with my colleagues in support of #NetNeutrality. I'm fighting to restore it—& hope you’ll join me.pic.twitter.com/fMsVepmIr6 On today's Morning Briefing, @SenTinaSmith (D-MN) shared details from her proposed Advancing Grid Storage Act.pic.twitter.com/ZkSinnSbAx Bob, a 94-year-old midwestern World War II Vet and retired teacher, brightens his neighbors' days with chocolate bars. Stories like this remind me how powerful a simple act of kindness can be. … Expanding access to affordable, quality care for Minnesota's rural and ag communities is a top priority of mine. Proud to work with @MNFarmersUnion and @MNFarmBureau on addressing the #opioid epidemic that’s ravaging the nation. … Today at Roosevelt High School in Minneapolis I talked about what I am doing to improve access to mental health services in schools in Minnesota and across the country. Students should be able to access the health care they need—when they need it.pic.twitter.com/Xyq0blMXTr The #opioid crisis has devastated families in our small towns and downtowns, and on tribal lands. I helped write the bipartisan opioids bill we passed in the Senate this week because we need to treat this epidemic with the seriousness it deserves.pic.twitter.com/hsky19O4Hp Robocallers aren’t just a nuisance—they go to great lengths to hide their identity in order to steal money & personal info. Most recently they’re targeting hurricane relief efforts.  In the Senate, I’ve been pushing the FCC for important safeguards against robocallers & spammers. … The Federal Duck Stamp Art Contest: an 80+ year-old nation-wide competition Minnesotans have a proud history of winning. This year didn't disappoint.   Big congrats to Scot Storm of Freeport, MN for painting this year’s winning piece. Scot’s second win!   Photo via Outdoor News.pic.twitter.com/ETbs8VPIqO This week in the Health Committee I talked about my new bipartisan bill to ↓ health care costs for individuals and families with @SenBillCassidy. Our bill would help eliminate unnecessary costs and administrative burdens to save you $. More info here:  …pic.twitter.com/Abyh458YSn Wishing all those observing Yom Kippur a meaningful day of reflection and atonement. Let us all remember our shared humanity. G’mar Chatima Tova. Minnesotans are often among the first to step up and help during difficult times. Proud of the Minnesotans—including @MNNationalGuard members—who are helping communities impacted by Hurricane Florence. … #ICYMI: The opioids bill I helped write passed in the Senate w/ bipartisan support. It: gives $1.5B to states & tribes to tackle crisis makes Naloxone ↑ avail. to treat overdose ↑ access to med-assisted therapy & trauma-informed care ↑ mental health services in schools … Glad to say the Senate passed a bill I cosponsored to save patients $. It prohibits middlemen from incl. clauses in contracts that keep pharmacists from telling you when you can save $ on Rx drugs by paying cash instead of insurance. One of many steps necessary to ↓ Rx costs. I helped write a bipartisan bill to address the #opioid epidemic & we passed it in the Senate today. It gives states & tribes resources to tackle the crisis. It makes Naloxone more available & ↑ access to medication-assisted therapy, trauma-informed care & support for families. Mild-mannered, patient and dedicated to serving his community. Those are all Mark Ditsch’s attributes, which make him a beloved co-worker and the newest #NeverQuit Service Award winner.  These are very serious allegations. Both Brett Kavanaugh and Christine Blasey Ford have agreed to testify in front of the Judiciary Committee and that needs to happen. And we must have a full and thorough investigation before anything else can happen with this nomination.  Betsy DeVos may undo a rule that protects students from predatory career training programs—which often leave people with large debts & poor job prospects. In Minnesota, students have borrowed $290 MILLION to attend such programs—and they deserve better.  … Clean energy is good for the economy, and it creates opportunity for farmers, ranchers, and agribusinesses. Take the Vetter family farm in Mankato, which has a 14-acre community solar garden that cuts energy costs for the farm and its neighbors.  …pic.twitter.com/lWFWRijtev I sit on the Indian Affairs Cmte to ensure MN's 11 tribes have a voice in Washington. An alarming # of Native people endure sexual violence by non-Indian offenders but few survivors see justice. I intro’d a bill w/ Sen. @lisamurkowski —& worked closely w/ @NCAI—to help fix this.pic.twitter.com/UiiVZGRMED Not a witch hunt. … The Senate will soon vote on an #opioids package that includes a bill I co-wrote with @lisamurkowski to expand access to mental health services in schools. It also includes a bill I support to help states get the resources they need to treat the epidemic. Let's get this passed.pic.twitter.com/6HSmEwIEbz The bottom line: clean energy is the economy of the 21st century. Yesterday I delivered a speech from the Senate floor about the urgent need to take action and fight climate change. Watch here →  …pic.twitter.com/to7UGWoU44 Very glad to recognize this Minnesota trailblazer with @SenAmyKlobuchar. Coya Knutson was Minnesota's first female member of Congress, and made real a difference for families and communities in our state. … Climate change is a serious threat BUT there’s great economic opportunity if we rise to the challenge of responding to it. MN's already tapping into wind & sunshine to build a new energy economy that saves $, creates jobs & cleans our air. I'm working to keep up this momentum.pic.twitter.com/USVJcPrfPD We shouldn’t roll back health care protections. Or voting rights. Or women’s rights to make their own decisions. The president is not above the law. And we must combat climate change. It's a no from me on Kavanaugh. His record on #WhatsAtStake is alarming.pic.twitter.com/T5c2fBwx1H BTS: Sen. Tina Smith (D-MN) is ready to talk to you about the Kavanaugh hearings    Tune in now!pic.twitter.com/e4pQl8DTpd Tomorrow morning at 8:50 a.m. ET I'll be on @cspanwj discussing my opposition to #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh, and my work to address the #opioid epidemic in Minnesota and across the country. Hope you'll tune in.  … What does it mean when lawmakers say they go to Washington to work for you? I wanted to fill you in on what a work day can look like for me. More on my Wednesday here →  …pic.twitter.com/EpE8o9DH0i I’m taking to the floor with my colleague @SenWhitehouse to talk about the threat of climate change and how there's great economic opportunity if we rise to the challenge of responding to it. Watch live:  … There was a “moral requirement to sell the product at the highest price.” Those are the *actual* words a pharma exec used to defend jacking ↑ the cost of a drug by 400%. Nope, there is NO moral obligation to do that to people. NONE. That is just appalling. … A bald eagle stopped by Andover Fire Department’s 9/11 memorial service in Minnesota today. I can’t think of a better way to honor the firefighters who responded to the scene 17 years ago. … The bottom line: rolling back commonsense limits on methane emissions to please big oil companies is a waste of a public resource, a threat to climate change, and bad news for families everywhere. … We pause today to remember all those we lost on 9/11, those who were injured, and the courageous first responders who rushed into danger to help. Today reminds me of what a strong, resilient country we are when we come together. #NeverForget Don’t lose sight of the urgent need to reunite children who’ve been separated at the border. It’s horrific the Trump Admin has yet to reunite 416 children w/ their families. Proud to cosponsor @SenKamalaHarris' REUNITE Act because #FamiliesBelongTogether. … #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh's record shows that he could upend women’s freedom to make their own health choices, and live the lives that they want to lead. That’s plain wrong. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/KMaOJhCKx8 #ICYMI: I intro'd a bill to tackle Rx drug prices because it's an issue I hear about from Minnesotans time & time again. My bill will:   ✓ Increase transparency  ✓ Increase affordability ✓ Spur innovation  ✓ Protect competition … If you take a look at #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s record, you’ll find an alarming history of upholding discriminatory voting laws. Kavanaugh is a serious threat to the progress we’ve made to defend the right of every eligible citizen to vote. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/JkgWoZLLte Archie and I send our best wishes to everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah. Here’s to a new year filled with joy, good health, and peace. We shouldn’t have to have this debate again. People w/ pre-existing conditions—like cancer & diabetes—should be able to get health insurance. Sen. Wyden, Sen. Murphy & I laid out what’s at stake if Trump Admin & its allies strip protections from ppl w/ pre-existing conditions.pic.twitter.com/Ved52xbEgw When gov watchdogs came after sports blackout rule (preventing hometown fans from seeing games on TV that weren’t sold out), NFL “fans” waged a campaign. Looks like many of them, like Bilbo Baggins, were fake. I’ll be asking gov regulators to investigate.  Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos should abandon her plans to use federal funds to arm teachers and instead make sure that money benefits students in the classroom. She should come before the Senate Education Committee to explain why she is proposing doing this.pic.twitter.com/mSN9YEZYso Thanks so much @SenatorBaldwin for helping make this happen. … #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh appears to be lying under oath.   Why? Maybe he knows we won’t like the truth. … I’m in St. Paul talking about the very serious threat that #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh poses to women’s freedom, their ability to make their own health choices, and live the lives that they want to lead. The stakes are high. Watch live:  … On Monday I spoke to John Arbogast, President of @USWlocal1938, about protecting and strengthening the rights of workers. I stand with the Minntac and Keetac @steelworkers as they work for a fair and equitable labor agreement.pic.twitter.com/OUgsvJk2yH When you take a look at #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s record, one thing is abundantly clear: he's hostile to our environment and human health. The stakes are high. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/hXcJRmairZ When my staff and I sit down and listen to veterans at meetings like this one in Luverne, we take note of reported problems about accessing earned benefits and care. Then we get to work. Learn more here:  …pic.twitter.com/Pq0SzWIRO7 This is exactly why I've signed onto @SenKamalaHarris’s REUNITE Act & demanded hearings on Trump's cruel child separation policy.   Trying to ignore a court ruling in order to keep children in immigration jail for longer periods needs to be called out for what it is: despicable. … If the Trump Administration rolls back protections for people with pre-existing conditions, coverage for 2.3 million Minnesotans with pre-existing conditions could be jeopardized. That’s outrageous. We are better than this.pic.twitter.com/I7eNAOQPIe Forgive me for being extremely concerned that the administration that decided separating parents from their children was a good idea is trying to get around a court ruling designed to prevent cruelty to children. … I’m highlighting #WhatsAtStake for women’s health with the #SCOTUS nomination of Brett Kavanaugh. Women don’t need the government looking over their shoulder in the examination room, telling them what they can & cannot do. Watch live:  … Where Trump's drug pricing blueprint is largely absent of reforms that would bring relief to people struggling to afford their meds, @SenTinaSmith's Affordable Medicines Act would stand up to prescription corporations and ensure that Americans have access to the meds they need. … There are 6,000+ #DACA recipients—often called #Dreamers—in Minnesota. They're our coworkers, neighbors, family & friends. I support the Dream Act—a bipartisan bill that would create a roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers—and call on Congress to pass this important bill. #SaveDACA Minnesotans are often forced to make impossible choices between their meds & other basic needs because of ↑ Rx costs. That's why I introduced a bill to tackle Rx drug costs that:   ✓ Increases transparency  ✓ Improves affordability  ✓ Spurs innovation  ✓ Protects competitionpic.twitter.com/efLegcNkIO It’s as simple as this: more than 90% of #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s record is hidden to the public and the docs the Senate received were cherry-picked. This is profoundly alarming. #WhatAreTheyHiding?   … When you take a look at #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s record, one thing is abundantly clear: he's hostile to our environment and human health. The stakes are high. #StopKavanaughpic.twitter.com/hXcJRmairZ I’m deeply concerned by #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s record on voting rights. When those aren’t protected—for every American—it undermines the foundation of our democracy. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/vuPo5aYbQ8 So excited to see Duluth rolling out its electric bus program.  This has been in the making for years and the buses are scheduled to start up their first routes next month.  The completely digital dashboards are also a great touch. … You can read the full letter here:  … FYI: The full letter has come out since this last tweet and I think this merits clarification.   Bush's lawyer deferred to the Trump administration on decision to not release the pages; he did not authorize their release beforehand.   Either way, this is deeply troubling. … Just so we are clear: President Bush's own attorney authorized the release of 100,000 pages of documents from Kavanaugh's time in the Bush White House.   Trump ignored that and is withholding the 100,000 pages anyway. Insane. #whataretheyhiding … "I still have a farm. Yeah, I am a farmer!" says Iris Westman, a 113-year-old midwest woman.  Not only is farming a pillar of the Minnesota & midwest economy, but it’s a way of life. That’s why I fight for family farmers, ranchers, & rural communities. … The 2018-2019 school year started for many Minnesota students this week. And you know what that means—picture day’s coming up. Here’s my 7th grade class photo. My mom made the dress. Love the Peter Pan collar. #TBTpic.twitter.com/iC5RmNMBx0 Glad to see that General Mills—the first place I worked in Minnesota—is expanding its paid maternity leave. Great news for Minnesota families. All Minnesotans should have access to paid family leave. … The Trump administration’s insistence on sabotaging Americans' health coverage is appalling.    So proud to be working with @SenatorBaldwin and others to prevent insurance companies from being allowed to discriminate against Americans with pre-existing conditions. … Congratulations to Hennepin County Judge Nancy Brasel on being confirmed to the federal bench in Minnesota. Nancy has extensive experience, and has demonstrated a strong commitment to public service. … #SCOTUS makes decisions that affect every part of our lives in America:    ✓ Health care  ✓ Voting rights ✓ Workers’ rights  ✓ The environment   And so much more. That's why we need full transparency on Brett Kavanaugh's record. #WhatsAtStakepic.twitter.com/vRJ3QAIj29 "Even if you get a full ride, you’re still on the hook for necessities like food, housing & textbooks" says Rainesford, a grad student working 40+ hrs/week. Exactly why I secured $ to give students access to free textbooks—1 of many steps we must take to ↑ college affordability. … #ICYMI: The Trump Administration admitted that its very own energy proposal may cause 1,400 premature deaths annually. Unacceptable. We can avert this tragedy by investing in clean, affordable, renewable energy. That’s what I’m fighting for. … Proud to be one of those lawmakers.   We must keep up to the pressure to bring back #netneutrality. A free and open internet depends on it. … Proud to work with you, @SenatorDurbin, and @SenAngusKing to secure $ to fund open-education resources, giving students access to free textbooks. Glad that this initiative is something our colleagues on both sides of the aisle could come together to support. … Proud that provisions I authored & championed were included in the bipartisan career & tech ed bill signed into law. Investing in workforce ed is good for businesses & working families—@WyomingMachine’s success in partnering w/ @pinecollege proves it. … 55 years after his I Have A Dream speech, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s words still show us the way. His call to action—to fight for justice and economic opportunity—inspires my work here in Washington.pic.twitter.com/AGAGOJwPgq Duluth Navy Veteran David Wheat—who was held captive during the Vietnam War w/ @SenJohnMcCain & recalls using hand-signals to communicate—shared a tribute to John. Immensely grateful for our nation’s veterans, like John & David, for their honorable service. … Sound on  : I discussed the need for a strong Renewable Fuel Standard—which helps make clean, homegrown biofuels & supports MN corn growers—w/ @PlattsOil. It doesn’t make sense for @EPA to look out for big oil interests instead of family farmers. Listen:  … “The current leadership of the Bureau has turned its back on young people and their financial futures.” Troubling words from Seth Frotman—a student loan watchdog—who resigned from his role at the @CFPB today. Consumers in Minnesota and our country should always come first. … If confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh would no doubt have a say on issues that affect the lives of every American—issues like health care, our elections, and our environment. That’s why we need full transparency on Kavanaugh's record. #WhatsAtStake Archie and I send peace to Senator McCain’s family this evening. … There’s so much to love about the @mnstatefair, and food’s a big part of it. Yesterday I enjoyed a BLT sandwich made by the @MNFarmersUnion and @BirchwoodCafe. The ingredients were sourced from Minnesota farms, and it was delicious. #OnlyInMNpic.twitter.com/bh2GQZBkDn It’s the 21st century and our country’s energy systems should reflect it. That’s why I’m pushing to enhance our nation’s energy storage capabilities. Making our energy systems more resilient and better for the environment just makes sense. More here:  … .@SenJohnMcCain is the definition of courage and strength. Archie and I send our love to John and his family. … I look forward to the #MNStateFair all year long, so rain isn’t going to stop me from going today. Hope you'll grab a raincoat or umbrella and join me at the Great Minnesota Get-Together. #OnlyInMN … Republicans are “running the most secretive and incomplete confirmation process in modern history." With so much at stake with #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh, we need full transparency on his record. #WhatAreTheyHiding? … One of my top priorities is bringing down the costs of healthcare—and a big driver is Rx drugs. That's why I'm pressing Novartis—a giant pharma company—for answers on financial & lobbying practices that could be contributing to ↑ Rx drug costs.  … With summer coming to a close and schools gearing up for the new school year, I want to extend my best wishes to Minnesota's students, teachers, and faculty. #TBT to learning alongside these students at Minnetonka Community Education Center. #BackToSchoolpic.twitter.com/fnaCY1CHxd The Trump Admin may end examinations of shady lenders who target our military. That puts our troops at greater risk for financial fraud, predatory loans & credit gouging. Completely unacceptable. I’m urging @CFPB to reverse course. … This year will be the first time in nearly 30 years that I miss the opening of @mnstatefair. But it’s for a good reason—I’ll be working for Minnesota in the U.S. Senate. When the weekend comes around, you can bet that I’ll be at the #MNstatefair. Hope to see you there!pic.twitter.com/ZsQeFfHhkw Let me tell you about an incredible Minnesotan who’s an inspiration for me and my work. Her name is Coya Knutson, and she was Minnesota’s first female member of Congress. Today would have been her 106th birthday. More here:  … (Photo via Concordia College)pic.twitter.com/c3cof384e7 I’m working to bring down the cost of prescription drugs and hold pharmaceutical companies accountable for jacking up prices. Yesterday a Minnesota mom, Nicole, shared her family's story in Washington about why we need to lower costs right now.  …pic.twitter.com/njow8R1mLt The news today proves beyond a doubt that this is not a witch hunt. I’ve signed on to a bill which protects the Mueller investigation; it is more important than ever for Congress to work together to make it law. My colleagues & I are at the Capitol speaking out against Pres. Trump's misnamed “Clean Power Plan”. This reckless proposal would let U.S. coal plants emit more harmful pollutants & in turn put human health & our environment at serious risk. Watch live →  … Sending my best wishes to everyone in Minnesota and around the world celebrating Eid al-Adha. Rx drug costs are hurting MN families & that's wrong. @SenWarren & I pressed @SecAzar to clarify the accuracy of his testimony on why Rx costs haven’t dropped—he blamed middlemen but not big pharma. If his allegations are false, he owes an explanation. … “The child I gave birth to… I lost him because of pharmaceutical greed.”  Heartbreaking words from Nicole Smith-Holt, a MN mom who lost her son bc he couldn’t afford insulin to treat his diabetes. I'm working to ↓ Rx prices so this senseless tragedy doesn't happen again.pic.twitter.com/BTaeyrKisD I’d like to point out that Julie Anne Genter was born in Minnesota. Congrats to Julie on the addition to your family, and here’s to moms everywhere. … About 40% of food in the U.S. never gets eaten. Read how these Minnesota entrepreneurs are turning food waste into great businesses. … “You are never too young to lead & we are never too old to learn.”   Wise words from Kofi Annan—a global leader for peace & justice—& the first black African Secretary General of the UN. Mourning the loss of this great leader & thankful for his work. … Good luck to everyone participating in the East Grand Forks Hotdish Contest tomorrow. And Molly—I’ll let you know when I’ve picked next year’s date for the annual hotdish contest that I host. … #WhatsAtStake with Supreme Court Justice nominee Brett Kavanaugh? A lot. I’ve shared this note before, but I wanted to share it again to remind you that we’re still in this fight. Your voices matter. I hope you’ll join me in speaking out to #StopKavanaugh.pic.twitter.com/2RLwG7zsLc Jimmy—excited to hear from you! Glad to have good news to share. I indeed support the bill. Proud to help our talented music industry in Minnesota and across the country. … Excellent news. I had the opportunity to work closely with Commissioner Dohman for over 7 years. She is wise, capable, and a person of the highest integrity. A great choice. … The President's attacks on the free press are attacks on the very foundation of what makes our democracy great. I stand with all the Minnesota papers that have joined hands with nearly 350 outlets across the country to defend the pursuit of truth. … A generic version of EpiPen has been approved—this was long overdue, and one of the many things we need to do to address the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs. I'll soon intro a new bill to ↓ Rx prices too. Price-gouging has to stop. … Good news: my bipartisan amendment to fund military readiness and conservation was signed into law by the President. I’m proud to have led this effort to make sure @USNationalGuard facilities, like @mncampripley, continue to get critical support.  … Wait, there’s more. Over 130 million Americans with diabetes, heart disease, and other pre-existing conditions could lose vital health insurance protections if #SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed. It’s time to #StopKavanaugh. … "You know a force from heaven. You know something that God made. And Aretha is a gift from God... She is the reason why women want to sing.”  —@maryjblige on Aretha Franklin in Rolling Stone. Rest in Peace, Aretha. … #TBT to picking up beans at Lake Affect Coffee in New London for my very first #CoffeeWithTina. If you have plans to visit Washington, please join me. RSVP here:  …pic.twitter.com/ZmlyfTU7mt It’s absolutely horrifying that the Trump Admin still needs to reunite 539 immigrant children who were separated from their families under its inhumane zero tolerance policy. They need to take responsibility and reunite families. #FamiliesBelongTogether  … I'm a member of a bipartisan committee that’s working to solve the pensions crisis, and we want to hear from you. More here on how to submit your comments and policy ideas:  …pic.twitter.com/KgQFgnx2MS #WhatsAtStake with Supreme Court Justice nominee Kavanaugh? Our environment. Voting rights. And women having the freedom to make decisions about their own lives. They don't need the government looking over their shoulders in the exam room, telling them what they can & cannot do. The Trump Admin wants to create an unnecessary process that would hurt Minnesota home care workers—the majority of which are women, including many women of color. I’m standing up against this misguided attack with my fellow Minnesota colleagues.  …pic.twitter.com/4Q34AMkFz7 Our nation’s servicemembers work hard to protect us, and we should do the same. Incredibly disappointed that the Trump Admin may roll back protections that prevent servicemembers from being ripped off by shady lenders. … It’s 90 degrees today. Hard to believe that just a while back I was bundled up in a hat & jacket to check out a community solar garden in Kasota. Minnesota's #CleanEnergy economy—which includes solar—now employs almost 60K Minnesotans.pic.twitter.com/sWiBiqs9LC Before turning pro, she'd already led Hutchinson High School to a state title & led @GopherWBB to a #FinalFour appearance. Now, 477 games & 5,501 points later, @Lindsay_13’s ending her incredible career with the @minnesotalynx. Congratulations Lindsay. … The #1 thing I hear Minnesotans talking about is the cost of health care—especially the cost of Rx drugs. And it’s no wonder: people in America have to spend a lot of $$$ on Rx drugs. #ICYMI, I’ll soon be introducing a bill to bring those costs down. … Sitting down to talk with students always leaves me inspired. And that’s exactly how I felt yesterday after meeting with @MNYouthCouncil members at my office in St. Paul.  …pic.twitter.com/PwSFvO1IHm There’s still a lot of work left to do to help Minnesota communities rebuild from June and July’s heavy flooding, high winds, and tornadoes. I’m urging the President to let @FEMA help Minnesota rebuild.  …pic.twitter.com/j9gWfB15Mg #TBT to reading The Story of Ferdinand to @MrsOverdahl’s third grade class at Northport Elementary (@ISD281) in February. It’s about a bull who prefers smelling flowers to bullfighting, and it’s one of my favorites. #NationalBookLoversDaypic.twitter.com/yufwbxCMeY Pork chop on a stick—ever tried it? It’s a @MNFarmfest classic. I got one while talking to @MNFFA members. Some of my favorite Ag meetings in Washington are when I meet with these young farmers, so it was fun to see them in Minnesota.pic.twitter.com/L9qgwfW8a2 Fed up. That's how Minnesotans feel about how much they have to pay for their health care—especially the price of Rx drugs. I’m focused on finding solutions and today in Duluth I talked about a bill I’ll be introducing to help bring ↓ costs.pic.twitter.com/RrZMpZ1MJp Arvonne Fraser inspired many of us—women and men—to go out and fight for what we believed in, no excuses. The world is a better, more just place because she was in it. She was funny, incisive, big-hearted, and loved by many. … Our voting laws reflect our beliefs about who should have a voice in this nation. I'm proud to represent the state w/ the highest voter turnout. Our next #SCOTUS Justice should defend every citizen's right to vote. More on #WhatsAtStake w/ Judge Kavanaugh: … Breaking bread while talking about the bread & butter issues that are important to Minnesota's ag community. That's my favorite part of @MNFarmfest each year. I had lunch w/ Rep. Collin Peterson, & the new @CattlemenMN's Beef Barn looks great and was shelter from the rain. #MNAgpic.twitter.com/MrbXysMH6r That’s right—and I’ve pushed to expand our export markets and called for a clear plan to help our farmers and producers. Happy to talk to people like @MNSoyGrowers Director Paul Freeman at #Farmfest18. … Talking farm policy, learning about new farm technology, attending educational demonstrations, and eating the best corn ice cream you'll ever have. #Farmfest18 has a lot to offer. Don't forget to stop by my official Senate booth (it's 3610) in Redwood County.pic.twitter.com/x6iEjyoeQA Minnesota is the state of innovation, and it's a state full of people who've developed creative ways to find solutions. Check out this @nytimes piece on a grocery store in New Prague and how it's serving the community. … On this day in 1965, the #VotingRightsAct was signed into law—a milestone in outlawing discriminatory voting practices. Our next #SCOTUS Justice must protect this hard-won, fundamental right and not reverse course on progress. Brett Kavanaugh is not that Justice. #WhatsAtStake Economic issues like the price of Rx drugs and monthly rent help determine whether or not people can build the lives they want. That’s what’s on Minnesotans’ minds, and what I’m focused on here in the Senate.pic.twitter.com/6jFBC3eqXW I know that the best farm policy is one that ensures Minnesota producers get a good price for their farm products. In my recent op-ed, I talk about making farm and trade policies work for Minnesotans & the need to sign the Farm Bill into law.  … Moose—our 16 week-old lab—was all smiles on this walk. He's growing so fast!pic.twitter.com/cXF75x2lo0 You’re being fooled by big pharma, President Trump. It’s time to take on the pharma industry and rein in drug industry profits made at the expense of patients who are paying too much $$$ for drugs they need to survive. … 25 years ago today, Ruth Bader Ginsburg was confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court—just the second woman to serve as a Justice. Her leadership and fierce advocacy for equal rights remain just as important today as they did in 1993. I believe that all Americans should be represented here in the Senate, not just the wealthy few. Our democracy is built on the principle that the American people have the power in our elections. So I’m fighting to reform our campaign finance rules. #FixDemocracyNowpic.twitter.com/YDMLJ8sRrj Textbooks are often an overlooked, costly expense. I helped secure funding for a pilot w/ @SenatorDurbin & @SenAngusKing to help students access free online textbooks. But it's only going to save students $$$ if we implement it correctly. @BetsyDeVosED, that's where you come in. … When I ask teachers about what keeps them up at night, they often tell me they worry about the mental health challenges many of their students face. That’s why I intro'd a bill to make sure students can access mental health services in schools. More here:  … This week a Minnesotan shared with my office that some expecting moms in her community have had to take out loans—yes, loans—to cover the costs of their children’s deliveries. More here:  …pic.twitter.com/ELQMjff8rI Good news: My provision to help preserve affordable rental homes in rural areas is one step closer to becoming law after clearing the Senate yesterday. Affordable housing makes significant improvements to the lives of Minnesota families and we need to make sure there’s enough. In total abandonment of the @EPA’s purpose—protecting the environment— the Trump administration announced plans to roll back rules on car pollution today. Even some car companies don't want to curb these rules. An unnecessary attack on our environment. … 34 degrees fahrenheit in August… only in the Icebox of the Nation. … My pleasure! Thanks for stopping by #CoffeeWithTina. … This is worth watching from my colleague @ChrisCoons: … I delivered a speech to share my serious concerns about this. Check it out here:  … Quick work, Minnesota. Thanks to people who are restoring many of the 911 lines that were down in communities across the state. And just in case, here’s a resource for alternative numbers. Help spread the word. … I believe that our next Supreme Court Justice should vigorously defend the right of every eligible citizen to exercise their most fundamental constitutional right: the right to vote. Make no mistake—Brett Kavanaugh is not that Justice.pic.twitter.com/Koj9XTXdvR I trust women. They don't need the government looking over their shoulder in the examination room, telling them what they can and cannot do. I'm pressing @SecAzar to reverse course on proposed changes that would hurt women's access to quality health care.  … First #MPRRaccoon, then a Minnesota duck caught the nation’s attention. #ICYMI, @NatGeo explained what likely caused the unusual sighting of 76 ducklings following one mother duck on Lake Bemidji last week. #OnlyInMN … An alarming, blatant attempt to undermine the investigation. … Some big news to share: my provisions to improve career & tech ed were included in a bipartisan bill signed into law by the President today. This is a welcome step forward for MN: it'll help ppl get high-skill, in-demand jobs & help employers hire more ppl  … When I hear about health care costs from Minnesotans, I hear frustrations over the struggle to afford care and high out-of-pocket charges. Today I pressed health care experts for more info on ways we can save money for families & cut red tape when they try to access care. Watch:pic.twitter.com/9IODz1RShz Rural EMS providers are critical to helping Minnesota communities stay safe but many struggle to retain staff, have working equipment & even stay open due to lack of $. That’s why I'm cosponsoring @SenatorDurbin & @SenPatRoberts’ bill to renew a grant program for these providers. Listening to concerns abt Trump’s trade war, helping veterans get care they need & speaking out against #SCOTUS nom Kavanaugh. Catch up on what I’ve been up to in my newsletter & get the next straight to your inbox by emailing newsletter@smith.senate.gov.  … Hundreds of children separated from their parents under Trump Admin's zero-tolerance policy still haven’t been reunited with their families. Today, the Judiciary Committee held a hearing with members of the admin to get info on reunification. Watch here: … In February, Minnesotans shared stories with me about how they’d be harmed by cuts to #Medicaid. The stories haven't stopped. Last week in Olivia, providers stressed that Medicaid helps families. That's why I'm fighting any cuts to #Medicaid53. … Sometimes paying for your Rx drugs with cash is cheaper than using insurance. But you might not know that bc the pharma industry uses “gag clauses” to prevent your pharmacist from telling you this. That’s unacceptable—and I helped advance a bill to end it.  … The Supreme Court’s Janus decision to limit public sector unions was wrong. But it’s not going to stop workers from organizing. … Taking children from their parents goes against the most basic notions of what America stands for. We decided to give a voice to 54 parents describing a trauma no one should ever have to experience. #FamiliesBelongTogetherpic.twitter.com/497R8zjiDW Trump trusts Putin as much as our own intelligence community, and that is profoundly troubling for our democracy. We must strengthen our election security to prevent further political interference.pic.twitter.com/fmY8axVoZA DeVos’ proposal to roll back guardrails protecting students from bogus programs at for-profit colleges—which load students up w/ debt but offer little in the way of earnings—shows she'd rather support special interests over students & taxpayers. Unsurprising, but still shameful. … Trump’s trade war & skyrocketing Rx prices are on the top of Minnesotans’ minds. I’ve talked to one farmer who says they lost an estimated $100,000 in just one month due to Trump’s tariffs. And I’ve met a mom who’s being price gouged by big pharma when buying her child #insulin.pic.twitter.com/GXynASmW7Z I’ll be on @MSNBC’s @Morning_Joe soon to talk about what Trump’s trade war is doing to our ag economy, and more. Hope you’ll tune in. Congratulations, @BethFordLOL, on your new role as President and CEO of @LandOLakesInc, and for becoming the first woman to hold this position. … Sent my staff to Harmony to hear about efforts to expand broadband access across Minnesota. If we’re going to build an economy that works for everyone, we must prioritize high-speed internet. I fought to build out #broadband and upgrade internet speeds in the #FarmBill.pic.twitter.com/8J0vO8ULB6 No more delays. Separated families have suffered enough trauma and deserve to be reunited no later than today—the court-ordered deadline. #FamiliesBelongTogether … This is what fiscal responsibility looks like: … .@EPA's acting admin, Andrew Wheeler, is continuing Scott Pruitt's attacks on the Renewable Fuel Standard—which helps us make clean, homegrown biofuels produced in states like MN. I'm fighting to make sure Congress doesn’t turn these attacks into law. … Farmers should “just be a little patient” says the President. Really? This is unacceptable. Farmers and rural communities in Minnesota need a real plan. … Rolling back a rule that was meant to provide loan relief to students who were defrauded by their colleges delivers a victory for the for-profit college industry, not for students. With this Admin and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, our watchdogs are asleep at the wheel. … Near Lake Bemidji? Keep an eye out for this mother duck and the 76 (not a typo!) ducklings she cares for. #OnlyInMN … Glad that several provisions I intro'd to improve career & tech education passed a key hurdle in the Senate on Monday. This bipartisan bill will help students get high-skill, in-demand jobs through career & tech education, & help biz hire workers they need. …pic.twitter.com/NXPdAHxKCH "We should be the champion of human rights.” Couldn’t agree more, President Carter. One step the Trump Administration should take right now to respect human rights is reunite families who’ve been separated at the border and during immigration raids. #FamiliesBelongTogether … In today’s hearing on our nation’s pensions crisis, I heard Kenny, a 40-year retiree, say “this is not a partisan issue. It’s about fairness." He’s right. Both sides need to come together to find real solutions to protect peoples’ pensions. … Another upsetting story about the consequences of the Trump Admin's cruel separation of families. I've signed onto a bill to immediately reunify all families—The REUNITE Act—intro'd by @SenKamalaHarris, @SenJeffMerkley, @SenCortezMasto. … Everyone deserves quality health care they can afford. Yesterday I sent my staff to Olivia to hear from Minnesotans about their health care concerns and learn what they’re doing to lower health care costs for families.  …pic.twitter.com/AjKOttcETg How can we create change, and make our state a better place for everyone who calls it home? That’s what I discussed today with Minnesota students visiting Washington via the @ACLU’s Summer Advocacy Institute.pic.twitter.com/MqfJNjgNvc Soybean futures are approaching lowest levels in 2 yrs & from early March-May producers lost approx $18 per hog. I'm pressing @SecretarySonny & Ambassador Lighthizer to lay out strategy to ensure MN farmers don't bear the burden of Trump's tariff increases. …pic.twitter.com/3NnWlc92Mq Congratulations, Brad.  I look forward to fighting alongside you for working families in Minnesota. … President Trump: at the end of the day—no matter what you say—we know that Russia is a hostile foreign government that interfered in the 2016 presidential election with the goal of undermining our democracy. It’s well past time that you face the facts. … Today I’m sending my staff to Olivia to gather input from Minnesotans to help guide my work to ↑ accessibility to affordable, quality health care. If you have a story to share, please join my staff at 4 p.m. at Renville County Hospital and Clinics. Questions? Call 651.221.1016pic.twitter.com/d9OjgcRtRp Thank you Quinn for your tireless advocacy on #insulin affordability. I am so proud of you and all of my fellow Minnesotans who are helping fight for lower drug prices. Keep up the good work. … Great Lakes shipping has a big impact to Minnesota’s economy…$1.4 billion worth. That’s why I am supporting funding for the Soo Locks so ports like Two Harbors and Duluth can continue to flourish. … How about we get an honest answer about what happened in the first meeting with Vladimir Putin before the President schedules another meeting with the leader of a hostile foreign power who tried to undermine our democracy? … #ICYMI, this week I took to the Senate floor to express my strong concern about Supreme Court Nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s troubling record on the environment, and what that means for human health. Full speech here:  …pic.twitter.com/lHRlslUVSB When my staff & I meet with veterans, we often hear about trouble receiving coverage for hearing loss & tinnitus. I intro'd a bill to right that wrong. Bc if you served our country & experienced a health related issue bc of it, we need to take care of you. … Very glad @SecNielsen heeded the call to extend humanitarian protections for Somalia. This is a relief for hundreds of people who would have been forced to leave—including many folks in Minnesota. Now we need to work on a long-term solution. Constantly impressed by the work Minnesotans do every day to better their communities. Today I sent my staff to @smifound to hear how it's promoting economic opportunities in SW Minnesota, and increasing access to affordable, quality child care and early education.pic.twitter.com/tIBxWpv5kE The future of #MNAg is in good hands thanks to our next generation of agricultural leaders. I fought to get provisions that help out beginning farmers included in the 2018 bipartisan #FarmBill to support Minnesotans like those I met today. Thanks for stopping by, @MNFFA .pic.twitter.com/a1yaV11Zar Thanks, @kevinpaap, for sharing #MNAg’s perspective on how tariffs are impacting our farmers, agribusinesses, and rural communities in yesterday’s House hearing on trade. … Q: If @CDCgov calls breastfeeding the “clinical gold standard for infant feeding,” then why did the Trump Admin attempt to undermine a World Health Assembly resolution supporting it?    A: To protect special interests.    I'm pressing @SecAzar to explain.pic.twitter.com/b9Pi02KUod A free and open internet is necessary for families, students, & biz to thrive. We’ve made progress in working to #SaveTheInternet in the Senate by passing bipartisan resolution to overturn @FCC #NetNeutrality repeal. Now House effort has bipartisan support too. Keep speaking up. Heartbreaking news. Extending my deepest sympathies to Officer Joseph Gomm’s family and friends, and grateful for his service to Minnesota. … Very soon, the Trump admin could make a decision that would send hundreds of Somali nationals who have been living in the US—incl. many Minnesotans—back to Somalia. Forcing ppl to return to a dangerous country is inhumane. I can promise you I'm fighting to keep #TPS for Somalia.pic.twitter.com/elqRlWemKG A cross-border pride march from International Falls, Minnesota to Fort Frances, Ontario? Wish I could have been there, and glad that Minnesota participated in this impressive celebration of the LGBTQ community. #LoveIsLove  …pic.twitter.com/TGhBNbvprl Minnesotans who paid into a pension deserve to retire with peace of mind that their retirement is secure. But right now, those hard-earned pensions are at risk. I sat down with Minnesota @Teamsters to update them on my work to fix this problem.  …pic.twitter.com/UzrDVQRuop Pres. Trump is denying Russia is still interfering in our elections while his top intel official says “the warning lights are blinking red.” Boy, wouldn’t it be nice to have a President who was focused on making sure a foreign power couldn’t interfere in our democracy? AGAIN? … Fellow colleague @SenatorTester dropped by #CoffeeWithTina today to say hi to Minnesotans visiting Washington. If you’re traveling to our nation's Capitol, please join me for coffee and conversation on Wednesdays at 9 AM when the Senate’s in session. RSVP:  …pic.twitter.com/3Kwyp2UCcv And thank you, Jessica and baby Eleanor, for stopping by my office this morning. #CoffeeWithTina is for every Minnesotan—even for those who are too young to drink coffee. … President Trump is attempting to backpedal on every commitment our country has made towards fighting climate change, and his pick for the Supreme Court has a record that says Brett Kavanaugh is likely to be nothing but an enabler. #StopKavanaugh  …pic.twitter.com/lW5xKIRSJ1 Alarming # of Native women & men endure sexual violence. Among those, almost all—96% of women, 89% of men—were victimized by a non-Indian offender. Yet few offenders face prosecution for these crimes. Intro'd bill to help tribes seek justice for survivors. … Wishing the @Twins' Jose Berrios (@JOLaMaKina) a great #AllStarGame tonight in Washington. … For many #SNAP recipients, farmers markets are the only way to access fresh fruits and veggies. Any disruption to this program will hurt families. I’m pressing @USDA to explore every possible way to avoid that.pic.twitter.com/7gfGGM7edK Minnesotans are fed up with how much they have to pay for their health care—especially the price of prescription drugs. Families need real solutions. So finding solutions is exactly what I worked on in today’s Senate Health Committee hearing with experts.pic.twitter.com/0HfjLiRx6R "It's gonna cost us a fortune to get all of this fixed.” That's what Jamie said abt damage to her home caused by recent flooding. Jake on my staff & Gov. Dayton went to Mora, Carlton & surrounding areas to assess flooding conditions & see how we can help. … #ICYMI, I’m pressing to help schools in MN and across the country deal with teacher shortages. Too many schools are struggling to find teachers to fill their classrooms—especially rural schools, and schools trying to hire #STEM and special ed teachers.  …pic.twitter.com/l39nETxBrQ Sinclair's proposed acquisition of Tribune should concern all Americans. The $3.9 billion deal would concentrate too much power in the hands of Sinclair—already the nation’s largest owner of local TV stations. Glad this is getting the scrutiny from regulators that it deserves. … Russia attempted to undermine our democracy, and the President of the United States undermined the work of the men and women in our American intelligence agencies today. This is shocking when I thought I couldn't be shocked any more. This is disgraceful.  … Thanks to Eric and Karen Kaler for their service to the University of Minnesota, and the entire state. … Students who go to college in Minnesota have the 5th highest average debt in the nation—$31,915.00. Yesterday I helped introduce a bill to help lower student debt by making sure students have access to info required to make informed financial decisions:  … No question about it: the #StateOfHockey has produced some top-notch hockey players. Minnesota's happy to welcome you home, @TJOshie77, and glad you’re bringing the #StanleyCup to Warroad. … Appalled by Trump Admin’s move to once again side w/ special interests (this time, baby formula manufacturers) by trying to undermine @WHO resolution promoting breastfeeding. Years of research shows that breastmilk can have long term benefits. I’m pressing @nikkihaley to explain.pic.twitter.com/bETYtSsAke .@MooreMaya's on the cover of @SLAMonline—a first for a woman in 20 yrs. As a two-time #OlympicChampion, a two-time @NCAA champion & four-time #WNBA champion, she's a role model for Minnesotans—especially young women & girls—who have their own aspirations. … The fact that we are resorting to game shows to help students get some debt relief is a sign that we’re failing to support our students, and that we need to make college more affordable. … If Americans want a Supreme Court Justice who will protect all of our rights, and not take our country backward, it’s important to organize, speak out, and speak up. That’s what I did today with @PattyMurray, @SenFeinstein, @SenWarren, and @SenDuckworth. I hope you’ll join us.pic.twitter.com/ikQqba6rYi Everyone deserves quality health care they can afford. I've launched a health care listening tour to hear from Minnesotans & gather input to help guide my efforts to make affordable health care available for all. Thanks for a great conversation St. Cloud.  … Sat down w/ @MinnesotaTurkey to discuss the importance of investing in research to prevent outbreaks like the avian flu, which hit MN hard a few years back. I intro'd a bipartisan bill with a "One Health" approach to prevent and respond to outbreaks like this w/ @SenToddYoung.pic.twitter.com/fqqX9Cy3x1 No matter what, I’m committed to being a fierce advocate for #MNAg. Yesterday I told @MNSoyGrowers that I’m here for them during this climate of uncertainty, and that I will help Minnesota farmers weather impacts it may have.pic.twitter.com/J0u81H73fi Right now I’m with fellow Democratic women senators, @PPFA, and @NARAL to call for protecting women’s reproductive rights, in light of President Trump’s nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. Watch live:  … I know that when women do not have the freedom to make their own choices about their reproductive health care, they have lost the freedom to direct their own lives—their personal lives, their family, their economic security. Without question, the number one issue I hear about from Minnesotans is the rising cost of health care. I've launched an outreach tour to hear from those who’ve experienced the consequences of high health care costs firsthand:  …pic.twitter.com/QNbkaGmn1M Women don't need the government looking over their shoulder in the examination room, telling them what they can and cannot do. But #SCOTUS nominee Judge Kavanaugh could overturn Roe and restrict women’s freedom when it comes to health care. #WhatsAtStake Last week I saw first-hand just how hard communities in SW Minnesota were hit by recent flooding. If you’re a farmer who was impacted, you may qualify for zero interest loans from @MNagriculture to cover flood clean-up, repare, and replacement costs. #MNAg  …pic.twitter.com/zCd4ohwwkt Don’t be fooled: Merely postponing price hikes doesn’t cut it. We’ve got to actually bring down skyrocketing prices—and stop big pharma from price-gouging Minnesota families. … Students should be able to feel safe when they go to school. I sat down with Cameron & Charlie, survivors of the horrendous tragedy at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, to tell them that I want reforms to keep guns away from dangerous people & prevent shootings. #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/w2l1zjk9BI And thank you, @AmberGlaeser and @kevinpaap, for discussing the #FarmBill with me today. The Farm Bill touches the lives of virtually every American, and I’m grateful for the input that @MNFarmBureau shared with me to make sure Minnesota priorities are included. … The Trump Admin’s failure to meet a court-ordered deadline to return 102 "tender age" children—kids under 5-years-old—to their families shows how unprepared it was to face the consequences of its inhumane zero-tolerance policy. #FamiliesBelongTogether … Discussed the sugar program with @CrystalSugarCo farmers today—an important program for Minnesota #sugarbeet farmers that runs at zero costs. Glad I helped get this measure included in the #FarmBill. #MNAgpic.twitter.com/PE5JxJ7weJ Education drives opportunity. That’s why I firmly believe that our education system should work for all. But we’re facing a serious teacher shortage that’s hurting our schools and students. I've intro’d a bill to address teacher shortages:  … A note I took last night before speaking out against Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to be a U.S. Supreme Court Justice. My full speech on SCOTUS nominee here:  …pic.twitter.com/7bNsgEbjHk I'm on the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court speaking out against Judge Kavanaugh's nomination to be a U.S. Supreme Court Judge. We need a Justice who will protect the rights of all Americans. Make no mistake—Judge Kavanaugh is not that Justice.  … It’s going to take an all hands on deck effort to help SW MN recover from recent flooding. I traveled to Lyon, Murray, & Redwood counties on Fri to assess damage & today I sent my staff to Blue Earth, Cottonwood, & Jackson counties to learn more about how we can help folks ASAP.pic.twitter.com/NRd4NkCHES Tough talk is not enough. The American people need real policies from you and @SecAzar that hold pharmaceutical companies accountable. Especially ones that won’t send pharma stock prices soaring. … It’s shocking how little transparency there is about how pharma companies set prices. I spoke on @FOX9 about how we can solve this problem with a Minnesotan named Lija, who has seen first-hand just how unreasonable drug prices can be. … Nom. to lead Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy office: “no matter what the renewable energy guys say, what they won’t admit is that their kind of energy, wind & solar, is more expensive & will increase the price of electricity.” I pointed out he’s wrong:  The Trump Administration chooses corporate bottom lines over families and science again and again. … Health care costs—especially prescription drug prices—are out of control. Today I joined Fox 9 reporter @courtneygodfrey and a Minnesota mom named Lija for a conversation about how we can fight for solutions now. Hope you tune in to @FOX9 at 9:25 and 10:15 PM CT tonight.pic.twitter.com/h2M55cNJ60 I saw a lot of the damage from the recent flooding in southwestern Minnesota firsthand, and I don’t want people already going through tough times to have to deal with scams on top of what they’ve been through. Please be wary of this: … The “P” in EPA stands for Protection. So if the Trump Administration’s Environmental Protection Agency doesn’t seem to be protecting the environment or us Americans, who exactly are they looking out for? … It’s been a hard enough time in farm country for many Minnesotans, and I know the recent flooding in southwestern Minnesota is especially tough for families. Full recap and photos from what I saw in MN today here:  …pic.twitter.com/QZHIVo8axa You know you’re in Minnesota when the sandwich you order is called the Ya-You-Betcha. Stopped in for lunch at The Plaid Moose in Slayton. Cc: @IndignantMNpic.twitter.com/JzU7Co7hoM Talked to a homeowner who has to take a 20 mile detour because this is the current state of the Des Moines River. I’m w/ @GovMarkDayton, @MNagriculture Commissioner Frederickson, & Joe Kelly from @MnDPS_AGED. Now en route to Walnut Grove & I’ll keep you updated when we get there.pic.twitter.com/gsPKhI8exT Here’s what I saw with @GovMarkDayton as we surveyed the flood damage before pulling up to Slayton, MN. Thanks to emergency management staff, community members, and other officials who are working together to help Minnesotans affected by the recent flooding. It’s a team effort.pic.twitter.com/o6ZAyHYbqR Southwestern Minnesota has been hit hard by severe weather, and we need to help. Today, I'll be assessing the damage in Slayton, Walnut Grove, Balaton, & other areas with @GovMarkDayton, Congressman Collin Peterson, @MNagriculture Commissioner Dave Frederickson, and @MnDPS_AGED. Scott Pruitt abused our trust. I’m glad he stepped down. I had repeatedly called on him to do so, and now the Trump Admin needs to replace him with somebody who has the integrity and effectiveness to fight for our environment. After all, that’s the job of the EPA Administrator. As a Minnesotan, a woman, and someone who's committed to expanding workforce development, there's so much I love about @dunwoodycollege and @GirlScoutsRV helping girls explore construction trades through building homes. Check this out from @MinnPost: … #TBT to Minnesotans welcoming me into their towns, letting me visit them at school, gathering in our state’s beautiful parks, & making me laugh at the @mnstatefair. I really enjoy these conversations. But more than that, thanks for sharing your lives. I'm honored to work for you.pic.twitter.com/30q8TjMafX Happy #FourthofJuly. Let’s celebrate our independence and reflect on the laws, history, and diverse groups of people who make up our nation. And as we commemorate 242 years of America and gather together, let’s recognize that the fight for freedom continues. I recently met a Minnesota mom, veteran, and former Olympian who pays $15,000+ out of pocket annually for the drug that keeps her cancer in check. That’s absurd. I’m working to hold the drug industry accountable, and find solutions to ↓ prices.  … Oh I didn’t forget, I was saving that for dessert. But now that you bring it up, you can also enjoy sweet corn ice cream BEFORE eating a pork chop on a stick. … Just a little over a month until #MNFarmfest. I've been before, but this will be my first time as U.S. Senator. Still really looking forward to the renowned pork chop on a stick and talking farm policy. Will you be there? #MNAgpic.twitter.com/j0FUBubDZv 3.4 billion. That’s how many robocalls were made in just one month this spring. This onslaught makes it clear that we need to be doing more to make sure our laws are appropriately protecting consumers. I’m pressing @FCC to do exactly that. More here:  … The #opioid crisis knows no bounds, and even impacts newborn babies in our state. Grateful for the work that Minnesotans like @AFSCMEMN5 are doing to help moms and babies with opioid addictions get the help and support they need to live healthier lives.  … So I recently led a letter to @BetsyDeVosED w/ 18 Senate colleagues abt teachers being unfairly forced to repay $ for funds originally promised as grants. We asked for a response from @usedgov by next Fri but in the meantime @NPR has more & it’s alarming: … And thank you, @HungerSolutions, for joining me! #FarmBill programs that help fight hunger are of vital importance. The data backs this up. MNs made approx. 3 million visits to local food shelves last yr & we know that many families still lack access to nutritious, healthy meals. … I fought to get a provision included in the #FarmBill that will help promote diversity in farming because we need to support all farmers. Grateful for the opportunity to hear from Pakou Hang of Hmong American Farmers Assoc. (@HAFAfarmers) this weekend. … Today I met with farm, business, energy, and hunger leaders at St. Paul Farmers Market to discuss the importance of the #FarmBill, which will impact virtually every Minnesotan. I'm fighting to get it over the finish line & signed into law ASAP.  …pic.twitter.com/r60Wa66saL Some children who have been separated from their families as a result of the Trump Administration are so traumatized they can’t speak. So we are raising our voices—and taking part in marches across the country—for those who have been scared into silence. #FamiliesBelongTogether Hey @SecNielsen & Trump Admin—have you seen Trump's @StateDept report warning against separation of children from their families, citing serious health effects? Exactly why I’m calling for a hearing on health impacts of your zero-tolerance policy. We must help separated kids. … Pushing the #FarmBill through the Senate. Tackling skyrocketing Rx prices. Fighting to help separated families. If you want a rundown of what I’ve been up to, sign up for my newsletter by emailing newsletter@smith.senate.gov. Read my June newsletter here:  …pic.twitter.com/kIGDnsjLZf When somebody buys a plane ticket, they should trust it guarantees travel & that they’ll get home. It’s that simple. But this yr, Sun Country Airlines stranded travelers, leaving them scrambling. I’ve intro’d a bill to hold airlines accountable. More here:  … LGBTQ rights are human rights. Proud to cosponsor @SenSherrodBrown’s resolution recognizing June as LGBTQ #Pride Month, and fully committed to advancing the fight for equality.  …pic.twitter.com/bjgeMNYKJu Big news for Minnesota: today the 2018 bipartisan Senate #FarmBill passed. This is a great example of how the Senate can get things done when we work together. I’m so proud to have been able to make sure Minnesota priorities were included.  … Horrified by today’s shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. Peace be with those injured and those who have lost loved ones. Courage to those in Congress who could pass commonsense reforms to help end this violence. My staff & I held 30+ listening sessions w/ Minnesotans across the state to make sure MN priorities are in the #FarmBill. Grateful for their input—it helped me get key provisions incl. in the bill. Today I took to the Senate floor to highlight these wins:  …pic.twitter.com/xViYqpqQZP That’s right. Drug companies have spent hundreds of millions of $ to rig the rules & protect huge profits. From Jan. thru March of this year the drug industry trade group—PhRMA—spent nearly $10 million on lobbying, breaking their quarterly record. Obscene. I’m here to fight back. … This is a pivotal moment. Justice Kennedy’s retirement means the stakes are high for choosing a replacement committed to the Constitution & protecting basic rights. GOP must be held to their own standard: with E-Day so close, voters should choose who provides advice & consent.pic.twitter.com/PBqkvO0NJ1 Always great to see you and hear your passion for robotics, @FIRSTteam1816. And yep, you’ve got it right: I’m a big advocate for #STEM education, and strengthening our nation’s workforce programs. … I hope he keeps his word, especially as the White House seeks to make funding cuts to clean energy research at the Department of Energy. Our economy and our planet can’t afford to take this step backwards. … Yesterday I asked a nominee to be in charge of renewable energy if he believes that we should have affordable, reliable and clean energy that’s good for public health and mitigates effects of climate change. He said yes.pic.twitter.com/auL726wyMd Deeply disappointed in Supreme Court's decision to weaken this key protection for public sector employees. We must fight against far-right, corporate-funded, special interests which backed this case—and keep defending working families across the country. … The EPA needs to step up and ensure that our nation meets the 19.88 billion target, and I plan to hold them accountable for doing so.  … But if the EPA is going continue to allow refineries to get around RFS requirements by granting them waivers, the amount of ethanol and other renewables used in the nation’s fuel supply will fall far short of the target levels announced today. A strong Renewable Fuels Standard (RFS) is critically important to Minnesota, where ethanol produced from corn creates an estimated $6.7 billion in economic output and supports almost 18,000 jobs across the state. Today’s decision by the Supreme Court goes against the founding principles of our nation and defies our core beliefs. We must keep working to help all people demand respect, freedom and dignity in the same spirit on which our country was founded. … Taking the time to listen may seem like a lost art in Washington, but it’s how I do my job every day. Today I sat down w/ MNs from CHS, a farmer-owned coop, to hear concerns abt the current climate of uncertainty & how it may hurt farmers’ bottom lines. Thanks for the visit, CHS.pic.twitter.com/IRAHUx4Mxz Three years ago today, the Supreme Court confirmed what Minnesotans have known for years—love is love. But making sure all Americans have equal rights and protections guaranteed by the Constitution? We're still fighting. I'm with you, and I'm not going anywhere. #MarriageEquality In my recent op-ed, I talk about bringing my office to Minnesotans so they can have a voice in Washington. Read more here:   … I want to help Minnesota continue this progress. That’s why I’ve introduced a legislative roadmap for the energy section of the #FarmBill to help #MNAg deploy renewable energy and energy efficiency. My bill will also strengthen programs that have already seen success, like REAP. Minnesota's a leader in renewable energy and it’s always great to see folks working to keep us moving in the right direction. Check out how @CityofRedWingMN is working to encourage locals to explore energy efficiency and renewable energy options: … End of May: President says prescription drug companies will make “voluntary, massive drops in prices” in 2 weeks. Early June: None of the 10 major pharma companies @SenWarren & I reached out to provide meaningful specifics on a plan to lower Rx drug prices. … A MN mom came to one of my prescription drug discussions and brought her daughter’s insulin pens. She walked me through what it would cost to get the same life-saving medicine in other countries. And then told me how much she pays here in America. The discrepancy is shocking.pic.twitter.com/g6ENbhcibp Congrats on the fourth consecutive win, @minnesotalynx! Whether I’m at a game in Minnesota or watching from afar, it’s always exciting to cheer you on. And it was great to see you all not too long ago in Washington. … 100% agree, @USATODAY. The North Shore Scenic Drive along Lake Superior is breathtaking. #OnlyInMN … Not everybody needs to attend a 4-yr college. But everyone should be able to find good-paying jobs. I have a bill focused on this & here's another great MN effort to help students: … Facilitating conversations about mental health is an important step toward eliminating the stigma that prevents too many, incl. students, from seeking care. I intro’d a bill to create a nat’l commission to help address mental health concerns students face.  … Congratulations on this well-deserved award, @CTUL_TC, and thank you for your steadfast commitment to improving working conditions for Minnesotans. Everyone should be able to live and work with dignity. … Watch this powerful interview with Dr. Marc Gorelick on why it’s urgent that we reunite families and stop family separations now: … We know that ripping kids away from their families can be devastating for children, & the damage caused by these separations can last a lifetime. I'm calling on the Senate Health Committee to hold a hearing on the health & well-being of detained children.  … That’s ludicrous. Pharma companies need to be held accountable for jacking up the price of drugs that people need to survive. I’m working to take on the pharma industry & rein in drug industry profits that are borne on the back of patients who are paying too much for their drugs. A MN woman recently showed me insulin pens that she bought for her daughter in other countries around the world. She told me that prices for the pens ranged from $8 to $18. In the U.S., she explained that this exact insulin pen—made by the same manufacturer—costs her family $140. Let me tell you why the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs is alarming to me, and why it should be to you, too.  … Disappointed the House passed a partisan #FarmBill. Thanks to my Minnesota colleagues who voted against this bill. I’m fighting to protect programs that help feed Minnesotans and Americans in the Senate Farm Bill. … We have to ensure that the more than 2,300 children who have already been separated are safely reunited with their families and receive the care they need as soon as possible.   … I’m calling on leaders of the Senate Health Committee to hold a hearing because we must hold the Trump Administration accountable for the  negative consequences resulting from the traumatic stress children experienced as a result of Trump’s policy. If we don’t address trauma inflicted on children, we pass that trauma on to future generations. I want to give more MNs the freedom to work, compete, & live their lives the way they want. That’s why I led an effort to build out #broadband to rural areas & upgrade internet speeds. I’m glad it was included in the #FarmBill—it’s 1 of many things we need to address this issue. A Minnesotan named Adam wanted to open a high-tech 3D printing company in his rural community. Thanks to reliable internet access, he was able to start his business in Gibbon, MN—a small town of about 750 people. … Congrats to Eric Koser (@EKphys), a physics teacher at Mankato West High School, for being selected to help map the ocean off the coast of Alaska aboard @NOAA ship Rainier. Sounds like an exciting experience that you’ll be able to share with your students back in Minnesota.pic.twitter.com/9jmurFRftn If we’re serious about helping veterans access the care and benefits they earned, then we need to sit down and listen to what they have to say.   …pic.twitter.com/Bgs9JfYn67 I asked @SecretarySonny to extend the enrollment period for the Margin Protection Program so we could get more Minnesotans signed up. I’m glad he heeded my call. Dairy farmers: there are 2 days left to enroll in this program, which helps folks face difficult yrs & prevent losses. Yesterday I listened to some inspiring students from @moundsviewhigh and @MapleGroveSrHS describe their innovative business ideas, which have earned them spots in @JAUpperMidwest’s Company of the Year Competition in Washington. Best of luck.pic.twitter.com/UTNnN0Hzre Mental health services need to be available to Minnesotans where and when they need them. @umash_umn shared info with my team today at a meeting in St. Paul about #AgResilience, and I'm supporting a bill that would bolster addressing mental health needs in the ag community. #MNAg Grateful for the opportunity to welcome students from the Boys and Girls Club (@BGCA_Clubs) of White Earth Reservation to Washington today. Enjoy your @CloseUp_DC trip to our nation’s capitol.pic.twitter.com/AIavzlgVt3 We lost my mother to Alzheimer’s not quite 2 yrs ago. It was a long & difficult good bye so meeting w/ @alzMNND today & hearing their stories was important to me for many reasons. Millions of Americans are affected by this disease & I’m pushing to ramp up funding to help #EndALZ.pic.twitter.com/dWppjWmuQa That’s why I’m sending my staff across MN to hear about challenges veterans face in securing earned benefits, & explain how I can advocate on their behalf. If you’re a MN veteran who needs help accessing benefits, please know that you can always call my office at (651) 221-1016. We need to address veterans' health needs, and that includes making sure they’re able to access the care and benefits they earned. We can only help people when we take the time to listen to them. Yesterday in Waseca my staff heard two Vietnam veterans talk about the difficulties they face when it comes to accessing mental health services.pic.twitter.com/RAm4oh67Sf This stop is part of my state wide effort to make sure Minnesotans know how I can go to bat for them when they need help working with a federal agency. Services are open to the public—no appointment needed. For more info, feel free to call my office at (651) 221-1016. TONIGHT→ My staff will be at Inter-County Community Council (121 2nd Street West) in Thief River Falls from 6 to 8 p.m. to meet with Minnesotans who need help working with federal agencies. .@SenateMajLdr, that’s wonderful news! When can we expect you and your fellow Republicans to join all 49 Dem Senators in supporting @SenFeinstein’s bill to fix this? And assume you’ll be calling that up for a vote this week? … Improving access and increasing opportunity for Americans to build the lives they want. That's what I work on doing each day in this job, and that's why I fought to include help for vets to get more info about apprenticeships, job training, & education included in the #FarmBill. That’s why I led an effort to build out broadband to rural communities and upgrade internet speeds. I was very pleased to get it added to the #FarmBill. This is just one of many things we need to be doing to address this issue. I couldn’t agree more. If we’re going to build an economy that works for everyone, we must prioritize high-speed internet. Expanding rural broadband is about helping all Minnesotans connect and compete. Today at a @FarmFoundation event in Faribault my staff heard Minnesotans—including Bruce Miller of @MNFarmersUnion—say that broadband is critical to supporting rural farmers and agribusinesses.pic.twitter.com/y7ekPBysG8 We have a humanitarian crisis at our border manufactured by President Trump and his team. We are using cruelty to children as a public policy, and it’s unconscionable. Today I spoke with @PoppyHarlowCNN about the need for immediate action to stop this. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/XGSVx6kQqD This is a moment of moral responsibility—and I hope clarity—for our country. In just a few minutes, I’ll be talking with @PoppyHarlowCNN about the need to #KeepFamiliesTogether. Tune in to @CNN. I’ll be on @CNN around 10:15 AM ET to discuss the cruel practice of separating children from moms and dads—both at the border and with families already in our own country—with @PoppyHarlowCNN. But she’s denied that this is happening at all, and then said that she “wouldn’t apologize” for what’s happening to families. @SecNielsen has lost the credibility and the moral authority to lead this agency.  … And despite what @SecNielsen claims, this is a policy of this administration, who has repeatedly and publicly said they would implement it, calling it a “zero tolerance” policy—a policy Secretary Nielsen is responsible for overseeing. Some 2,300 children were separated from their parents at the border between May 5 and June 9. That is plainly wrong. It runs counter to who we are as a country. … I agree. As a Senator, I take holding this administration accountable very seriously. I believe @SecNielsen has lost the credibility to lead DHS, and that she needs to step down. “I expect to be held accountable…” That’s what Homeland Security @SecNielsen told Senators during her confirmation hearing in November. It’s an honor and a privilege for Minneapolis to be in the running to house the @USArmy’s new Futures Command. Minneapolis offers tremendous assets and an innovative, entrepreneurial energy that would go above and beyond to support the Army’s goals. … Minnesota’s proud tradition of @USArmy service was forged by the First Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the Battle of Gettysburg. Today, thousands of service members in Minnesota uphold that legacy. Don’t worry about making an appointment—they’re free and open to all. If you have any questions, feel free to call my office at (651) 221-1016. Today my staff will be in Wadena at Mahube-Otwa Community Action Partnership (311 Jefferson Street South) from at 2:30 to 4:30 p.m. to work one-on-one with Minnesotans who may need help. Navigating federal agencies like @DeptVetAffairs, @CMSGov, @USCIS, @SocialSecurity, or the Passport Agency can be overwhelming. That’s why my office is always here to lend a hand. Workforce training partnerships help companies find the talent they need, and help Minnesotans develop the skills for jobs without taking on loads of debt. It’s an idea that works, & it's a win for Minnesota's economy and working families. The #skillsgap is leaving employers w/ good jobs that they can’t fill. Today I met w/ folks at @newflyer to discuss efforts needed to help biz find trained workers. I have a bill that would help tackle the #skillsgap by expanding workforce training partnerships btwn schools & bizpic.twitter.com/mXws9KJAXX The bill also approves $1 billion for the TIGER program—or what’s now called BUILD—and $2.55 billion for Capital Investment Grants, both of which will help communities improve and strengthen the safety and reliability of Minnesota’s transportation infrastructure. This bill includes many housing initiatives that I have supported, like HOME, CDBG, and NeighborWorks. This bill sustains past investments in affordable housing—something that’s sorely needed in Minnesota and across the country. That’s why I’m happy to share that the Senate Appropriations Committee recently approved a bipartisan spending bill that provides a whopping $71.4 billion investment toward our nation’s housing, transportation, and other programs that build our economy. If we want to get to work on rebuilding our roads and bridges and modernizing our schools, hospitals, and housing, then we need the federal government to make real and meaningful investments. I am committed to supporting Minnesotans who serve our country, as well as their families, during and after deployment. If you’re a Minnesota veteran who needs help accessing benefits, feel free to call my St. Paul office at (651) 221-1016. This year marks 153rd Anniversary of the Civil War. At the outbreak of the war, MN was the newest state in the Union & only had a population of about 180k but it was the 1st to volunteer troops. The 52 service members I addressed carry on our state’s proud tradition of service.pic.twitter.com/hfeDLbACBz Today in St. Cloud I told 52 service members, who will soon be deployed to Kuwait, and their families how grateful I am for their service and the sacrifices they make for our nation.pic.twitter.com/0IgmtXPzbb Teachers shouldn’t unfairly have their grants switch to loans because of minor paperwork errors.  … In Minnesota, over 4,800 of these grants—which help students pay for college if they plan to teach in a high-need field, like #STEM, in a low-income school—were changed to loans between 2009 and 2016. Investing in teachers can help ensure that every student has access to a high-quality public education. That’s why I’m urging @BetsyDevosED to take action to help teachers whose TEACH Grants were unfairly converted to loans.  …) I’m a proud sponsor of @SenFeinstein’s Keep Families Together Act because no child should have to face the terror of being unnecessarily ripped away from their family. #FamiliesBelongTogether As many Muslims in Minnesota and around the world celebrate completing a month of fasting and reflecting, I wish you and your loved ones Eid Mubarak. Congrats to @CoachPhill on being promoted to Director of Coaching at USA Curling! @usacurl, you picked the best curling coach out there—and a pretty good Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish Competition judge, too.pic.twitter.com/Nvkd9Q5p9I And I introduced The HELP Separated Children Act to protect children when their parents are caught up in immigration enforcement actions with commonsense measures. We have to stop cruelty from becoming a hallmark of our immigration policy.  … Yesterday I joined @amprog to discuss the harmful effects of family separation, and what I’m doing to address it. I am a proud cosponsor of @SenFeinstein's Keep Families Together Act, which would outlaw the inhumane practice of unnecessarily separating families at the border. The Trump Administration’s separation of children from families at the border is absolutely horrifying. Whether this happens at the border or during immigration raids, separating kids from their parents is cruel. I recently talked with the MN mom who had to live through this. Her son, Alec, passed away last year. We need to immediately address the unforgiving prescription drug price hikes that led to Alec’s death, and that are hurting too many other Minnesotans.  … Sounds unimaginable, right? But this happened in Minnesota and happens to families across the country who are left making impossible choices between their medications and other basic needs. But he’s struggling to afford his medications: the $1,300 prescription drug refill he needs to treat his type 1 diabetes is out of reach. In order to make ends meet, he begins rationing his medication and one month later he’s dead because he didn’t have enough insulin. Imagine this. Your 26-year-old son is out on his own and doing great. He’s employed, has a place of his own, and a whole lifetime ahead of him. Minnesota’s home to beautiful parks, and we’ve got a new coin to prove it! Glad my staff attended the unveiling of a @usmint quarter that celebrates Voyageurs National Park (@VoyageursNPA) today in International Falls.pic.twitter.com/AHns82ZBpK Sat down w/ folks from MN Grain & Feed Assoc. to talk all things #MNAg—incl. efforts I fought for on behalf of Minnesotans in the bipartisan #Farmbill. I’m going to push hard to get this bill signed into law because our farmers, communities, & rural businesses are counting on it.pic.twitter.com/5eaCGVg8qV Just met Christine, who used to live in MN & who survived the horrific tragedy at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland. Thanks, Christine, for demanding action on gun violence. We must pass into law reforms to keep guns away from dangerous ppl & prevent mass shootingspic.twitter.com/KUCnXXvPOT I always enjoy listening to students share what’s on their minds. Glad I got to chat about #NetNeutrality and renewable energy with Minnesota high school students visiting Washington with the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (@NRECANews).pic.twitter.com/FhCjq8TTOS That’s outrageous. I plan to keep making a full-court press on protecting people’s pensions. We must ensure that retirees in Minnesota—and across the country—don’t have the rug pulled out from under them.  … In today’s bipartisan select committee on the pensions crisis, a family business owner told me how the ripple effect will extend far beyond employees if we let pension plans fail. She’s right. This crisis could hurt families, take down businesses, and depress entire communities.pic.twitter.com/IQEWSxhgae Today I helped get the 2018 #FarmBill over a major hurdle by helping pass it out of the Senate Ag committee, and I’m pleased to share that this bill includes many of the provisions that I fought for on behalf of Minnesotans.  … Just had a great visit with students from Farmington’s Dodge and Boeckman Middle Schools. Appreciated their thoughtful questions about education and health care, and their enthusiasm for our nation’s capitol. Enjoy the rest of your visit, @district192!pic.twitter.com/MdOSY5VanZ My staff heard about the negative impact of low commodity prices on dairy farmers’ bottom lines. It’s a problem too many Minnesotans are facing, and the reason why I fought to get a measure in the #FarmBill to improve the dairy safety net.pic.twitter.com/QQWvwQqpSJ The bipartisan #FarmBill may have passed out of committee today, but that doesn’t mean the ag meetings stop. Today I had my staff attend @MNFarmersUnion’s rural dairy discussion in Mazeppa. Thanks to all the Minnesotans who met w/ my staff & me to discuss the #FarmBill—from farmers & ranchers to nutrition experts, energy efficiency leaders, & rural dev. folks. Your input helped me get key efforts that matter to #MNAg included in the bill. Watch my opening remarks:pic.twitter.com/HfhnTfblRw We’re one step closer to passing a bipartisan #FarmBill—would be a big win for Minnesota. Today the Senate Ag committee met to hammer out the details of the bill, and we voted the bill out of committee. Next stop, a vote in the full Senate.pic.twitter.com/EHwozR9nZk That’s why I am committed to taking on big pharma—and the big money behind them—to prevent companies from price gouging patients because this hurts Minnesota families.  … The drug industry has rigged the system to maximize their profits and they have spent staggering amounts on lobbying in the process—hundreds of millions of dollars—just since the start of this administration. After the President released his Rx drug plan, pharma stocks shot up. You don’t need an MBA to know stock prices ↑ when investors think profits are going to rise. This isn't surprising given a former industry lobbyist was 1 of the lead White House staffers negotiating the plan. Earlier today I questioned @SecAzar, Secretary of @HHSGov, about what I see as the Trump Administration’s inadequate plan to address skyrocketing drug prices. It doesn’t do enough lower drug prices and rein in pharma company profits. Drug companies have been driving up prices, and Minnesotans are paying too much for their prescriptions. Everywhere I go, I hear from families who are stuck choosing between their medications and other things they need. That is wrong and I am here to fight back.pic.twitter.com/PFfH9bwiu7 Super PACs and other dark money organizations spent some $1.4 billion in the 2016 election. That is profoundly troubling. I’m taking to the Senate floor to talk about why I’m fighting to reform our campaign finance system. Watch live:  … These are just 3 of the many stops my statewide Constituent Services Tour is making, because I want to help as many people as I can. Services are open to the public—no appointment necessary. For more information, please feel free to call my office at 651-221-1016. TODAY my staff will be in Plymouth at Missions Inc. (3409 E. Medicine Lake Road) from 3 to 5 p.m. On Wednesday, they’ll be in Duluth at my office (515 W. 1st St Suite 104) from 3 to 5 p.m. On Thursday, they’ll be in Grand Marais at Cook County Courthouse (411 W. 2nd Street). Plymouth, Duluth, and Grand Marais—those are the places I’m sending my staff over the next three days to meet one-on-one with residents who need help working with federal agencies like @DeptVetAffairs, @CMSGov, @USCIS, @SocialSecurity, or the Passport Agency. Two years ago today, 49 lives were senselessly taken by a heinous act of violence at Pulse nightclub in Orlando. We must #HonorThemWithAction by working to dismantle anti-LGBTQ violence, hatred, and discrimination, and by finally addressing gun violence. Today @SenWarren and I called on @SecAzar to address our concerns about the admin’s inadequate proposal. The high prices of prescription drugs are hurting countless Minnesotans, and this crisis deserves an honest, problem-solving response.    … The Trump Administration’s plan does not go far enough to help Americans struggling with high drug costs, thanks to the role that former drug industry employees/ lobbyists reportedly played in the crafting of the plan. In his campaign, @POTUS made bold promises about reducing drug prices. But @SenWarren and I are gravely concerned that the public has been misled, that his drug pricing proposal released last month breaks those promises, and would do little to reduce out-of-pocket drug costs. Wishing a very happy birthday to @MooreMaya! As a @minnesotalynx fan (yep—I’m a season tix holder), it was an honor to meet you last week in Washington to celebrate your team’s 2017 @WNBA championship win. You are a true leader and an inspiration, both on and off the court.pic.twitter.com/0LKrdnrPps I’m grateful for the input that these folks—and all MNs—have shared with me regarding #FarmBill priorities. I plan to be a fierce advocate for MN farmers, ranchers, rural development leaders, energy efficiency folks, and nutrition experts during the markup of the #FarmBill. Today I asked my staff to update these Minnesotans, including folks from @MNFarmersUnion, @MNFarmBureau, @YoungFarmers, @mnmilk, @HungerSolutions, and @MinnesotaDHS, on the bipartisan #FarmBill proposal. I created a #FarmBill working group—comprised of Minnesotans with a deep understanding of farm policy and how it impacts our state—to advise me on things like crop insurance, research, conversation and energy, and to help me push for #MNAg priorities in the #FarmBill. #NetNeutrality allows the internet to be a pillar of innovation and opportunity that fuels Minnesota’s economy. It’s woven into the fabric of our internet, and it should remain that way. Join me in the fight. Keep making your voices heard to help #SaveTheInternet. I’ve pressed @SpeakerRyan to schedule a vote, and will continue to do so, because a free and open internet is necessary for families, students, and businesses to thrive. We’ve already made real progress in protecting a free and open internet in the Senate by passing a historic bipartisan resolution to overturn @FCC’s #NetNeutrality repeal. Now, the House needs to do the same. I’m deeply disappointed by the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality, which goes into effect today.   But I have a message for the @FCC: we’re not backing down. The fight to #SaveTheInternet will continue. I'm a proud supporter of the #PaycheckFairnessAct, which would help address this persistent problem, and I will keep fighting tooth and nail to help bring equal pay to women in Minnesota and nationwide. On this date 55 years ago, the #EqualPayAct was signed into law, affirming that all women are entitled to equal pay for equal work. But today, too many women still face pay inequities and discrimination. And I sit on the bipartisan select committee on the pensions crisis, where I'm working to find solutions so Minnesota retirees, like the ones I met today, don't have the rug pulled out from under them.  … Today I joined Save Our Pensions and @Teamsters120 in Blaine to give them an update on my work in Washington. I'm a cosponsor of @SenSherrodBrown's Butch Lewis Act, which would provide loans to troubled pension funds like Central States.pic.twitter.com/IQrcyb3AiU It's outrageous and flat-out wrong that more than 22,000 Central States retirees in Minnesota, and numerous Minnesotans in other underfunded pension plans, could face a significant loss if the multiemployer pension system is allowed to fail. I believe that after years of work, Minnesotans who paid into a pension deserve to retire with peace of mind that their retirement is secure. I fought hard for a spot on the Senate Ag Committee because I know how important agriculture is to our state. Know that I plan to be a fierce advocate for Minnesota priorities in the Farm Bill debate, and that I'm going to work hard to get this done.  … I want to thank the dozens & dozens of Minnesotans who met w/ my staff & me to discuss the #FarmBill—from farmers & ranchers to nutrition experts, energy efficiency folks, & rural development leaders. Your input helped me get key efforts that matter to #MNAg included in the bill. Beyond that, it will support conservation efforts, provide funding for ag research, and expand resources for our beginning and organic farmers. Just as importantly, it will help feed thousands of Minnesota families and school children, expand the production and use of renewable energy, bolster rural economic development, build out broadband to rural communities and guide our state’s important forestry industry. The #FarmBill touches the lives of virtually every American and is critically important to Minnesota’s economy. This bill will not only lead our farmers, ranchers and rural communities into the future, but also sustain tens of thousands of jobs across our state. Minnesota, I have some good news to share with you—next week we’ll be taking up a bipartisan Farm Bill proposal in the Senate Ag Committee. This is a big win for our state.pic.twitter.com/hJ62ilCPBD But as a @mnwild fan, I'm already looking forward to next year. You know, "first-ever #StanleyCup Championship" sounds pretty good to me.  … I also want to pay tribute to the @GoldenKnights' amazing and unprecedented run to the finals in the team's very first year. The exciting final series, and the @Capitals victory, capped off another great season. From the #StateOfHockey, I send my heartiest congratulations to the @Capitals, who won their first-ever #StanleyCup Championship last night. They did so in impressive fashion with a 4 to 3 win over the Vegas Golden Knights. … I joined several other senators in pressing President Trump to stop his Administration’s inhumane policy of separating children from their parents at the border. No child should have to endure such trauma.        … His foster mom told @nytimes, “for two days, he didn’t shower, he didn’t change his clothes. I literally had to peel the socks off his feet. They were so old and smelly,”… “I realized that he didn’t want anyone to take anything away from him."   That is deeply unsettling. The @nytimes shares the story of Jose, a 5-year-old boy from Honduras who was separated from his father at the United States border in El Paso.  Jose cried himself to sleep  for nights after being separated from his father. We have to stop cruelty from becoming a hallmark of our immigration policy. … The Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) is intended to increase domestic biofuel consumption in the U.S. I will stand strong against any attempt to count ethanol exports towards the RFS. @EPAScottPruitt’s plan is a terrible attempt to weaken policy that would hurt Minnesota farmers. But the fight isn’t over. To #SaveTheInternet, @SpeakerRyan must schedule a vote on the measure to overturn the @FCC’s #NetNeutrality repeal. Today I joined @SenateDems in demanding that he do so.pic.twitter.com/SrGxqKgnec A free and open internet is necessary for families, students, and businesses to thrive. That’s why last month I joined many of my colleagues in helping pass a historic bipartisan resolution to protect #NetNeutrality. Like many Minnesotans, I am a huge fan of our state parks and trails—some of the best in the country. Congrats to @mndnr on their completion of a campground at Lake Vermillion-Soudan Underground Mine State Park. Glad my staff was able to attend today's dedication.pic.twitter.com/bw14VQnDfx Groundbreaking. Iconic. And Minnesotan! Remembering Prince today on what would have been his 60th birthday.pic.twitter.com/KSKWYZYSMW I’m so glad I got the chance to help celebrate at Payne Elementary, and thanks for your leadership both on and off of the court. And that jersey you gave me? It’s already hanging outside my office.pic.twitter.com/ymSkGAQMd1 The @minnesotalynx are the definition of strength and teamwork. Last year, they won their fourth (!) @WNBA Championship in the last 7 years. And today, they took part in a day of service in Washington.pic.twitter.com/B3twb0Iz3X As I said in my first Senate floor speech yesterday, great things can happen when we have women in leadership roles. Take a look at how @RhodaMhiripiriR, Superintendent of Hopkins Public Schools (@Hopkins270) is making history in Minnesota. … These programs represent only a small fraction of the bill’s costs, but generate large returns—more than $5 billion since their introduction. If we’re serious about helping out our ag communities—which we should be—then we need to prioritize the energy section of the #FarmBill. And this week, I led a bipartisan group of Ag committee members to call on Senate Ag Committee Chairman @SenPatRoberts and Ranking Member @SenStabenow to ensure improvements and strong funding for programs in the energy section of the #FarmBill. … That’s why I introduced a legislative roadmap for the energy section of the #FarmBill that would help ag communities in Minnesota deploy these technologies. My bill would help strengthen programs that have already seen success, like REAP.  … I believe a strong 2018 #FarmBill should include opportunities for #MNAg to invest in renewable energy and energy efficiency, which can help Minnesota farmers, producers, ag businesses, and rural business cut costs, create jobs, and strengthen communities. Every Wednesday when the Senate is in session, I host a coffee for Minnesotans visiting Washington. I want to make sure we have enough coffee on hand for #CoffeeWithTina, so please RSVP if you’re planning on joining me:  … Spending time with Minnesotans and hearing them share their stories over a cup of coffee is a great start to the day. Thanks to everyone who joined me today for good conversation and coffee from Chickadee Coffee Roasters in @DetroitLakesMN.pic.twitter.com/L68ej5zrBP #ICYMI: I recently sent my monthly newsletter to keep in touch with Minnesotans and let them know what I’m up to. Catch up on my latest “Notes From The Capitol”, & feel free to sign up to receive my next newsletter by emailing newsletter@smith.senate.gov.  …pic.twitter.com/5WhyTe2hgs When we have more women at the table—we all benefit. That’s what I told @Morning_Joe when talking about my first Senate floor speech this morning.  …pic.twitter.com/WGdicc6oGD I’ll be there! Can’t wait to see you and the rest of the @minnesotalynx. … In just a few minutes, I'll be on @Morning_Joe to talk about my first Senate floor speech and discuss the latest in Washington. Hope you'll tune in on @msnbc. When women are empowered to contribute, we all benefit. We’re seeing it more and more here in the Senate. And I’m proud to be part of that. Watch highlights from my first Senate floor speech here:pic.twitter.com/2wdl3NjOpj My first Senate floor speech is about the path that got me here, and the contributions women can make when they have the freedom to do so. WATCH:  … My presence here in the Senate will always be seen by some as a symbol of the “broader conversation” we’re having about the experience of women in America. And so I thought I might as well go ahead and say my piece about where I hope that conversation goes. Hope you’ll join me by watching my floor speech—live—here on my Facebook page at approximately 10:45 AM CT:  … Tomorrow I’m delivering my first speech on the Senate floor to talk about the path that got me here, and some of the injustices that hold women back—many of which start with the policy that gets made right here in DC. The fact is that a lot of problems have endured because women haven’t been at the table here in Washington. I was the 51st woman to take the oath of office as a United States Senator—but we’ve had 50 different men just named Charles. And nearly half of all the women who have ever served in the United States Senate are serving right now. Unacceptable. What we’re seeing happen at the border is awful, and we need to protect all children. … And in the meantime, you can read this month’s newsletter here:  … What am I working on in Washington? Sign up for my newsletter and you’ll get a rundown on some my latest work straight to your inbox. Just email newsletter@smith.senate.gov and I’ll make sure you get on the list. Today I led a bipartisan call to extend the enrollment period (which is set to end tomorrow) for the Margin Protection Program (MPP)—a vital program for Minnesota dairy farmers. More here:  … Thanks, @ChrisPolicinski, for both your work at @LandOLakesInc and in the community. Wishing you many happy days ahead on your bicycle! … "How can we better connect local food to the ag economy? We need to push for more diversity so we don't have food deserts in areas surrounded by fertile and rich farmland" @SenTinaSmith sharing some of her concerns in today's #FarmBill listening sessionpic.twitter.com/lb56rO5gJ1 Thanks, @MNFarmersUnion, for contributing to today’s discussion on locally grown food at @TheGoodAcreMN. … Thank you for hosting, @TheGoodAcreMN, and for your commitment to helping Minnesota farmers and Minnesota’s food system. … Thanks to everyone who joined me today to talk #MNAg. I’m going to fight to support our local and regional food systems across Minnesota in the 2018 federal #FarmBill debate.pic.twitter.com/UQ7h2ZHAH7 I got the chance to tour @TheGoodAcreMN’s kitchen and couldn’t resist sampling fresh kimchi made from locally grown ingredients. A lot of the food made in this kitchen goes to Minnesota farmers’ markets and coops.pic.twitter.com/LFxLcvNMkw MN consumers are driving a growing demand for locally grown food & that demand is creating jobs & economic development across the state. Today at @TheGoodAcreMN I met w/ MNs involved in local & regional food systems to discuss this trend & hear their priorities for the #FarmBill.pic.twitter.com/SSM2JMvmbe And more recently I introduced a bill that requires pharmaceutical companies to reveal how they’re using the billions of dollars in tax breaks they received as a result of the recently passed Republican tax bill. For example, my first bill would help prevent big pharmaceutical companies from keeping affordable generic drugs out of the hands of Minnesota families and seniors. I’m working to bring down prescription drug prices and hold large pharmaceuticals accountable for jacking up prices at the expense of patients, like Lija’s daughter. Her story is alarming, but not unique. It was among those I heard today during a meeting I held w/ medical experts, researchers, & families in MN to discuss skyrocketing Rx drug prices. Her experience is just 1 example of the ways Americans are being hurt by high Rx drug prices.pic.twitter.com/vUYSSYX1BB Today a woman named Lija showed me several insulin pens that she bought for her daughter in countries around the world. Prices varied from $8 to $18. The exact same insulin pen cost her $140 in the US, even though it was made by the same manufacturer.pic.twitter.com/DbbeELmnd4 Families are struggling to afford the prescription drugs they need.  … I always say that Minnesota is home to some incredible colleges and universities, but today I don’t have to. This news speaks for itself. … For Las Vegas Knights: @nateschmidt29 (St. Cloud). For Washington Capitals: @TJOshie77 (Warroad), Matt Niskanen (Virginia), @shane_gersich9 (Chaska), and @TBoyd93 (Hopkins).  Thanks for representin’. #StanleyCup They don’t call Minnesota the #StateOfHockey for nothing. The #StanleyCup Finals started last night, and once again players from Minnesota are on the rosters of the two finalists. I’m leading a bipartisan bill w/ @SenDougJones & @SenatorRounds to create a rural health liaison at @USDA who'd be responsible for advocating for rural health across the federal govt, & ensuring agencies work together to tackle health care challenges. … For example, there’s a @USDA program that can help rural areas build & expand health care facilities. If we had someone making sure USDA & @HHSGov coordinate on these efforts, we’d have a better pulse on the needs of communities & a better sense of how agencies can collaborate. The US Department of Agriculture is a strong advocate for rural communities in Minnesota and across the country, and I think there’s a greater role for the @USDA to play in improving health care in rural Minnesota. When I meet with farmers, businesses, and communities in rural Minnesota, health care is a top priority—they feel like the federal government should be doing more to help people in rural areas get the care they need. And I agree. Workforce training partnerships help companies find the talent they need, and help Minnesotans develop the skills for jobs that are available right now without taking on loads of debt. It’s an idea that works, & it's a win for Minnesota's workforce, economy, and working families. “Every year more Minnesota companies have said that the labor shortage is their No. 1 issue”, writes @duluthnews.    I have a bill that would help tackle this problem by expanding workforce training partnerships between schools and local businesses. … It's so exciting to see #robotics growing in Minnesota. Congratulations to the small-town alliance of Greenbush Middle River (@GMRRobotics), Frazee-Vergas, and Eden Valley-Watkins on winning the @MSHSL robotics championship! … That’s why restoring buildings in the Upper Post at Fort Snelling to create affordable housing for veterans is such a great idea. This historic place has so much resonance for Minnesota, and could be a big help for some of our veterans. … When I travel across the state to talk with veterans, housing almost always comes up. Minnesota veterans need more affordable housing options. Yes, hero is right. Great to have Minnesotans like you, Everett, in our state. … I’m committed to helping Minnesota’s veterans get the benefits and care they’ve earned, like access to health care and mental health services. So please know that you can always turn to my office for any kind of assistance. I’m here to work for you.​  … On #MemorialDay, I think about my father-in-law Mark Smith who served in World War II. I think about the sacrifice he made when he was just a young man, and all of the young people now who step in at a time when they are just starting their lives—and just how much we owe them. This year was particularly special at Fort Snelling because it was the first time in 35 years that a flag was planted at each one of the markers, and I want to thank the more than 5,000 volunteers who made that happen as a tribute to our veterans. One of our most solemn duties is to take care of the men and women who serve in our armed forces. Today I joined veterans, service members, and their families at Fort Snelling National Cemetery and the Minneapolis Veterans Home to honor our country’s fallen troops. #MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/4GHbavCOyV I’m leading the effort to help kids who are being separated from their moms and dads who are facing arrest, detention, and removal actions. I introduced the HELP Separated Children Act this week because we need to fight for these children and their families. … I hope we can get this bill passed into law, because it’s what’s best for children and families.  … The HELP Separated Children Act steps up efforts to keep vulnerable children safe with commonsense measures, like allowing parents to make calls to arrange for the care of their children and ensuring that children can call and visit their parents while they are detained. Since I first heard kids were being cruelly ripped from their parents in this way, I committed to protecting children whose families are swept up in immigration enforcement. I’ve introduced legislation that makes good on my promise, but more than that, it’s the right thing to do. Children shouldn't be suddenly abandoned at home or at school without information on their parents’ whereabouts, but we’re seeing that happen to kids with moms and dads facing arrest, detention, and removal actions. After hearing from farmers and ranchers about the real concerns of livestock haulers, I helped introduce a bipartisan bill that keeps animals’ wellbeing in mind and is good for haulers in Minnesota and across the country. Learn more here:  … We support our livestock producers, and we also need to make sure we’re extending that same support to the men and women who are making sure their products are able to get to market. Wishing a very Happy Birthday to @SenAmyKlobuchar, an incredible colleague and friend.pic.twitter.com/HktzlKTKKO The Rural Health Liaison Act would create a position to make sure there's coordination between the Ag Department (@USDA) and other federal agencies, especially the Department of Health and Human Services (@HHSGov). I'll be pushing to get this including in the upcoming #FarmBill. When you work with someone, you communicate with them so you're both on the same page, cover all the bases, and get stuff done. The same concept goes for the bipartisan legislation I helped introduce with @SenDougJones and @SenatorRounds this week, the Rural Health Liaision Act. That’s what I, @PPFA , @Guttmacher, and @PattyMurray are talking about on today’s call to discuss Trump Administration’s move to change the #TitleX family planning program. The new proposed rule to restrict #TitleX family planning funding is an affront to women. It’s as if our President and VP want to be in the doctor’s office whispering over the shoulders of health care providers about what they can and can’t tell women about reproductive care. Land of 10,000+ lakes, and land of two of the best park systems in the nation.   Big congrats to @CityMinneapolis and @CityofSaintPaul’s park systems (@MplsParkBoard & @CityofSPP) for ranking no. 1 & 2 on @tpl_org's 2018 #ParkScore Index. #OnlyInMN. … That’s why I intro’d a bipartisan bill w/ @SenToddYoung to improve public health preparedness by ensuring fed agencies advance this approach. I’m glad that key aspects of our bill are reflected in legislation that passed out of the Senate Health Committee today.pic.twitter.com/uAKllWocTI A One Health approach—the idea that human and animal health are linked, and that both are affected by changes to our environment—can help us prevent and respond to outbreaks like this. Minnesota was hit hard by the avian flu outbreak a few years back. It hurt the ag economy and had significant human health implications. Glad to meet with local leaders from Sherburne County and @StearnsCountyMN to discuss regional priorities, from #broadband and transit needs to human trafficking. Thanks for making your voices heard in Washington.pic.twitter.com/TDoQFnGCO6 Highway 23 is a critical thoroughfare for much of greater Minnesota. By upgrading and investing in our infrastructure, we can support economic growth and address clear safety issues affecting our communities.pic.twitter.com/7FBB8dV73X And this afternoon, I spoke with some Minnesota @steelworkers about their priorities and what we can do together to protect and strengthen the rights of workers in Minnesota and across the nation.pic.twitter.com/gpACV4Z0gG Today I rallied in solidarity with @steelworkers to protect workers’ rights. United Steelworkers helped build the middle class in our country, and these hardworking Americans deserve a fair wage, safe working conditions, retirement security, and basic respect and dignity.pic.twitter.com/o3MN77TO7X Minnesota’s performing arts scene never ceases to impress me.   Congratulations to Twin Cities actor Dame-Jasmine Hughes on winning an Obie Award for her performance in Aleshea Harris’ (@AHarris1361) play “Is God Is.” … EMS providers do everything they can to help us & we should do the same in return. My office recently hosted an EMS listening session in Virginia, MN to hear abt barriers rural EMS providers face. As co-chair of Senate Rural Health Caucus, I’m committed to supporting their work.pic.twitter.com/vsHmlo8Zcy Grateful for our state’s Emergency Medical Services (EMS) providers—brave and dedicated individuals who work around the clock to respond to emergencies across Minnesota. #EMSWeek A fair wage. Safe working conditions. A chance to retire. Today I’m joining @steelworkers, some of my Senate colleagues, and advocates to fight for workers’ rights. Watch live:  … A new proposed reproductive health rule is an affront to women. Family planning is key to women’s economic opportunity, & I trust women & families to make their own decisions about their reproductive health care. More on Trump Admin move to change Title X  … Proud to work with you and @SenatorRounds on this initiative, @SenDougJones. I believe that the Rural Health Liaison Act could make a real difference in helping improve access to health care in rural Minnesota and rural areas across the country. … As a leader of the Senate Rural Health Caucus, I’m proud to intro a bipartisan bill with @SenatorJones and @SenatorRounds to better coordinate rural health resources across the federal govt & improve health care delivery for rural areas.  … When I meet with farmers & rural business & community leaders, the first issue that comes up is health care. And I think the @USDA & @HHS, together, can do more to help rural communities take on health care challenges & make sure that every family can access the care they need. It’s unfair to treat people like this. Minor administrative mistakes like missing a paperwork deadline should not yield catastrophic financial nightmares for our teachers and make them worry about their futures as they tirelessly work to prepare our kids for their lives. But I’m deeply concerned by recent news that these TEACH Grants are being converted into loans—with back interest due—often times because of what sound like minor errors in paperwork. … Federal TEACH Grants help students pay for college if they plan to become a teacher in a high-need field, like science or math, in a low-income school. Objectively, this sounds great. Every student should have access to a high quality public education, and investing in our teachers early on can help make this happen.   … That’s why I open my office to talk with Minnesotans over a cup of coffee every Wednesday when the Senate is in session. This week I’m serving @Stumbeano’s Coffee from Fergus Falls. If you’re going to be in town, please join me. RSVP here:  …pic.twitter.com/7mU3pJh9RH Being Lt. Governor was like being invited into Minnesotans’ living rooms. My office might not be as cozy as a living room, but I want make sure that you get a big Minnesota welcome when visiting our nation’s capital.pic.twitter.com/M4RRW5G3gA I’m committed to supporting all MNs who serve our country while in uniform and after they come home. I recently sent my staff to meet w/ women veterans in the greater Rochester area to hear about specific issues that they face, and to explain how I can advocate on their behalf. … This is part of taking my office on the road across Minnesota & explaining how I can help cut through red tape when Minnesotans need help with a federal agency. Services are free & open to all MN residents, no appointment needed. Feel free to call (651) 221-1016 with questions. TODAY: My staff will be in Virginia at City Hall (327 1st Street South) from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. to meet one-on-one with locals who need help working with federal agencies like @DeptVetAffairs, @CMSGov, @USCIS, @SocialSecurity, or the Passport Agency. My friend and former colleague, @GovMarkDayton, is committed to helping working families and upholding the progressive legacy of Minnesotans like late Senator Paul Wellstone. Congrats, Mark, on receiving @steelworkers’ Senator Paul D. Wellstone Award today. That’s why I intro’d the SOIL Stewardship Act, which would help MN farmers create & maintain plans to improve soil & water quality on their farms. @RepTimWalz has intro'd the companion House bill, & I’m ready to get this commonsense bill passed into law.  … When it comes to conservation, we need to help make sure our farmers have the opportunity to start these efforts, and to keep them going long into the future to protect the environment and sustain their farms. #MNAg Every time I walk into the Senate Agriculture Committee, I think about the priorities Minnesotans have shared with me and what we need to focus on for a good, bipartisan Farm Bill—things like rural development and strong farm programs like crop insurance and conservation support. Happy birthday to Al Franken, a progressive champion I’m proud to call my friend. That’s wrong, and this Supreme Court decision is dangerous to working people everywhere—Congress needs to step in because we need to safeguard Americans’ access to the courts. … The ability of every American to have their day in court is a core American value. But in order to avoid being held accountable when workers face exploitation or harassment, or when consumers are taken advantage of, corporate interests have embraced the use of forced arbitration. The point of having a minimum wage is that it keeps up with the cost of living in this country. That hasn’t happened.  … The federal minimum wage hasn’t been raised in a nearly a decade. Taking into account inflation, the federal minimum wage is actually worth less than what it was worth 50 years ago. And prices for everything from milk to prescriptions has skyrocketed. One of the proudest things I did as part of the Dayton Admin was help raise the minimum wage in the state, which hadn’t been raised in 9 years. Now, I’m proud to back a bill to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour by 2024, which was intro’d by @SenSanders & @PattyMurray. A discussion on college affordability should include college students.   Grateful for the input @StudentsUnited shared with me on how I can help tackle this issue. We need to do more to make college affordable. … Thank you, @LeadMNPresISAAC, for participating in my roundtable on college affordability. It was great to talk to students at 2 and 4-year colleges about how we can make college more affordable for students across Minnesota.  … My bill would require Rx companies to fully disclose how they’re using the tax breaks. I hope that this will give us a foundation of information to help us determine what we can do to lower drug costs for Minnesota families.  … #ICYMI: I introduced a bill to hold Rx companies accountable because high Rx prices are hurting Minnesotans. The GOP tax law gave Rx companies a windfall that could help ↓ Rx costs. But how much of that $ is actually being used to ↓ costs and how much is going to CEOs? Supporting a diverse and growing farming industry is good for families and good for our economy, and that’s exactly what the Assist Socially Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Act aims to do. Thanks, Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe. #MNAgpic.twitter.com/YXpaPbGDvI As a member of the Senate Rural Health Caucus, it’s great to see @usdaRD helping rural communities in Minnesota make sure families can get the health care they need. Take Renville County Hospital, which received @USDA Rural Development $ to help build a new facility and install telehealth equipment to provide 24/7 physician access.   … I’m always proud to share the innovative work Minnesotans are doing to help people in rural areas overcome the unique challenges they face when it comes to accessing quality health care. Another devastating school shooting. No community should have to endure this. Still learning the facts. Thoughts are with everyone in Santa Fe, TX. We must find the conviction to finally address gun violence. Glad my staff heard Tracy & Trisha, co-founders of Little Eagles Childcare Center, discuss their work to bring more child care services to the greater Rochester area at @CEDAUSA’s meeting. I’m gathering input on MN’s child care shortage so I can address it in a meaningful way.pic.twitter.com/FHlNq6u2AA In April I met a Minnesotan who said that she and her husband are spending 27% of their income on child care for one child. That’s absurd. Minnesota needs more affordable and quality child care options for working families. I stand with my colleagues in the Minnesota delegation who voted against efforts in the House to weaken our state’s sugar industry yesterday and I’ll keep fighting for our Minnesota sugar beet farmers in the Senate. Supporting #MNAg should always have bipartisan support. We need to do all we can to tackle Rx drug prices, & part of this is knowing just how many dollars are going into the pockets of investors & shareholders rather than consumers, & what action—if any—pharmaceutical companies are taking to lower drug prices.  … Today, I’ve introduced a bill to help hold pharmaceutical companies accountable.  … Skyrocketing prescription drug prices are hurting MN families—just last night, I spoke with a MN mom who lost her son bc he was rationing his life-saving insulin. This is wrong, and it comes at a time when pharmaceutical companies are taking in staggering profits. Ahead of yesterday’s historic vote to protect #netneutrality, I spoke about why a free and open internet isn’t just nice, it’s necessary for families, students, and businesses to thrive. Keep sharing your stories about why we all need a free & open internet.pic.twitter.com/gR5AbaWbnO This is unacceptable. I’m calling for an investigation of the payments Novartis made to Pres. Trump & I’m asking leaders of the Senate Health Committee to hold a hearing w/ the CEO of Novartis as the key witness. We all deserve more answers.  …pic.twitter.com/vZnZZG2TKu These payments raise concerns that Novartis entered into a financial relationship w/ the President’s personal attorney in order to not only win over the new Admin, but also prevent the Admin from meaningfully tackling skyrocketing prescription drug prices. And last week, Novartis confirmed that it paid nearly $1.2 million to Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer, through a shell corporation, Essential Consultants. Novartis is a giant pharmaceutical company that generates billions in profits.   Nine of its widely-used drugs alone generate more than $1 billion in sales, and some of the company’s products come with eye-popping, six-figure price tags. … The head of the CIA must reflect our country’s moral values—incl. respect for human rights. Haspel’s involvement in America’s torture program—a shameful chapter in US history—demonstrates alarming judgment. Haspel shouldn’t lead the CIA w/ this dark part of history on her record. Last week I joined anti-torture groups (including The Center for Victims of Torture, which is headquartered in Minnesota), faith leaders, and members of Congress to explain why Gina Haspel should not lead the CIA.pic.twitter.com/fvwaOOU95a #RamadanMubarak to all who are observing. Wishing you a blessed and peaceful month. Today we took a big step forward in protecting a free and open internet. My full statement on the Senate #NetNeutrality vote:  … That’s why I’m backing a bipartisan bill to help small businesses access facilities at national labs. The cost of investing in necessary but pricey equipment needs often holds small biz back. This bill will help spur innovation & help MN small biz thrive.  … And as former small business owner myself, I want to make it possible for more small businesses in Minnesota and across the country to access the resources they need to ensure their businesses create good jobs, grow the economy, and help them and their families thrive. From the Post-it Note to the Pacemaker. Minnesota has a long history of innovation. When I host roundtables and meetings across the state, I’m struck by the many ways Minnesotans are developing innovative products to address important issues. We just reached a major milestone in the Senate to protect #NetNeutrality, but the fight isn’t over. Millions of Americans fought to establish net neutrality protections, and we need you to help keep them in place. Keep making your voices heard to help #SaveTheInternet. … During #NationalPoliceWeek we recognize our law enforcement officers and honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. Glad I got the chance to thank some of Elk River’s officers for their work today, and thanks to all officers who serve Minnesota.pic.twitter.com/QZ8EHwTs2P Great news for the #StateOfHockey: Minnesota—with its wealth of talented women players—now has a professional women’s hockey team! Looking forward to catching a game, @WhitecapsHockey. … Today’s vote for #netneutrality in the Senate is a vote for more freedom and more opportunity for Americans to survive—and thrive.  … 3 MILLION. That’s the estimated # of visits Minnesotans made to food shelves last year, & we know that many people still lack access to food. I told Rabbi Kravitz of @theAdath & @MAZONusa that I’ll be fighting proposed cuts to programs in #FarmBill that help feed Americans.pic.twitter.com/ZixqSzkxCl And thank you, @IBMRochMN, for recognizing the importance of workforce skills. I intro’d a bill to help MNs develop the skills they need—without taking on loads of debt—by expanding workforce training partnerships. It's an idea that works, and we should get it passed into law. … Instituting strong and enforceable standards could stop serious injuries and save lives in across the country.  … Given that more than half of the 17 million new vehicles sold in the United States each year have keyless ignition systems, I’m pressing the NHTSA to move quickly to establish safety standards for vehicles with these systems to ensure meaningful consumer protections.pic.twitter.com/IeKVGW4KLX That’s why today—after a recent news report detailed how ppl are being seriously injured or dying as a result of exposure to exhaust from vehicles with a keyless ignition—I’m urging @NHTSAgov for action to protect families from these preventable accidents. … I want to help keep Americans safe. So when I see the need to make sure safety measures keep pace with tech advancements, I’m ready to get to work. Millions of Americans’ retirement security depends on the work of the PBGC. We need someone there who knows what they’re doing. Trump’s nominee to head the PBGC has zero apparent expertise on pensions. … I’m fed up, too. I’m working to address the high price of Rx drugs in Washington and have a bill that would help ↓ Rx costs by tackling an anti-competitive loophole. But there’s still much more to do.    This is wrong, and Minnesota families are fed up. Last weekend at the State Capitol, folks rallied to call for lower insulin prices in response to Alec’s death. … The amount of $$$ that Minnesotans are paying for their medications is unsustainable—and it’s costing lives. In Minnesota, we lost a young man named Alec because he couldn’t afford insulin to treat his diabetes. … Here’s what I had to say in a hearing today on health care—which is something that I’ve said many times since I got to the Senate: too many families can’t afford the high price of their Rx drugs.pic.twitter.com/CSX7Z5wyOX Thanks to those who traveled to Washington with @alsassociation to discuss how we can help people affected by ALS and support research toward finding a cure.pic.twitter.com/AhVof2BBXo In my previous job, I traveled across the state to meet with Minnesotans. That’s still a big part of what I do now, but now I get to meet with them in Washington too.pic.twitter.com/HDg4ZccU2q As a member of the Senate Education Committee, I’m working to protect our students because that’s exactly who I should be fighting for, rather than for-profit schools. I stand with students. The Department of Education should too, but this seems like quite the opposite. … Thank you, @HennepinTech, for the opportunity to help celebrate your graduating class of intelligent, compassionate, and inspiring students. Congratulations, and good luck, Class of 2018! … Minnesotans get it: clean energy can help save $$$ at the gas pump, and help cut greenhouse gas emissions. Would love to take a ride on one of @DuluthTransit’s new electric buses the next time I’m there! … Minnesota’s small businesses create jobs, drive innovation, and make significant contributions to our economy. Congratulations to all of @SBAgov’s MN 2018 Small Business Winners, including Brenda Nolby, Small Business Person of The Year. … I firmly believe that Gina Haspel should not lead the CIA with this dark part of our history on her record, and I will be voting against her nomination for director of the CIA.pic.twitter.com/aARW7lMFnl With the vote on Gina Haspel’s nomination, we should speak clearly that we oppose torture, that the excesses of the detention & interrogation program do not reflect our values, & we will never allow this brutal activity to be the law or the practice of our country. Gina Haspel’s record of having been involved in America’s torture program—and involved in the destruction of tapes that provided evidence of this dark period—demonstrates profoundly troubling judgment. Last week I joined anti-torture groups (including @cvt_staff, which is headquartered in MN), faith leaders, and fellow members of Congress to outline why Gina Haspel should not lead the CIA.  …pic.twitter.com/zOehJiNDdS We can work on behalf of moms in MN & across the country by continuing to fight for them. Let’s keep advocating for equal pay for women, and paid family leave so moms aren’t forced to go without a paycheck when they take time off for a new kid or a sick family member. #MothersDay Rural communities face unique challenges when it comes to accessing quality health care, but it also means that ppl have to come up with some pretty innovative ways to address them. Was glad to join fellow leader of the Senate Rural Health Caucus @SenatorHeitkamp in Breckenridge.pic.twitter.com/N3iErtLgju Thanks to all who joined me and @SenatorHeitkamp in Fargo today to share how you’re affected by the multiemployer pension crisis. We’ll take your stories back to Washington, and workers, retirees, and businesses can also send suggestions and ideas to JSCSMPP@finance.senate.gov.pic.twitter.com/jZdsvSkhDV I fought for a seat on a bipartisan Senate panel w/ @SenatorHeitkamp committed to finding solutions bc there are 22,000+ Minnesotans—& thousands more in North Dakota—whose retirement will be at risk if Central States Pension Fund & other similar pension plans are allowed to fail. There are Minnesotans and North Dakotans who have worked years and who were counting on the pension funds they paid into being there for them in their retirement. Is pulling the rug out from under them the message we want to send to our kids and grandkids?pic.twitter.com/21WfFDtg8G I heard from a man in Fargo today during a pensions meeting with @SenatorHeitkamp who went back to work in the oil fields at age 73 because he couldn’t rely on his full pension being there for him. Imagine being that man and having to explain that to your grandkids.pic.twitter.com/MdPIPWRGgT We need him to deliver on the promises he made to families across the nation, namely allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, and to take action now. My full statement on President Trump's address focused on prescription drug prices:  … So while I’m glad that President Trump supports a commonsense measure to cut drug costs, he needs to do much more. The President’s plan doesn’t do enough to hold drug companies accountable and falls short of all that’s needed to provide needed relief to Minnesota families. Today, the President said we need to bring down prescription drug prices and address "pay-for-delay"—the Big Pharma tactic that keeps affordable generic drugs out of the hands of Americans—and that’s exactly what the first bill I introduced in the Senate aims to do. “Commencement” is a funny word. In the graduation context, it represents the long-awaited last step in a long journey. But the word “commencement” also means “beginning.” And the question is: The beginning of what? My full speech to @HennepinTech here: … Class of 2018 at @HennepinTech—I’m honored to be your commencement speaker. Congratulations—no matter what path you took to graduation, and no matter where your journey takes you from here, today is a day to celebrate. Livestream: … MN is where I raised my kids & where I started my own business. It's where I realized I wanted a job focused on talking to people about their lives, listening, & then going to work to make things better. Happy Birthday, MN. Glad to call you home, & you don't look a day over 130. From one woman who supports #netneutrality to another, thank you. … #TBT to one of our first photos as a family of 4! Archie and I may look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed but it’s probably just a facade—a newborn baby means little sleep. Raising our family in Minnesota was the best decision we could’ve made.pic.twitter.com/OajrpIDfAB A new #FarmBill is right around the corner, and I want to gather input from as many farmers, ranchers, and ag businesses as I can. Thanks to the Minnesotans who shared their priorities with my team in Cloquet yesterday and Worthington today.  pic.twitter.com/l8agqGzJU4 Glad to see the @FCC cracking down on these robocall and spoofing operations. I’m going to be looking at more options to take on these spam callers. … Last month alone we had 3.4 BILLION robocalls in our country. It’s clear we need to be doing much more to make sure our laws are appropriately protecting consumers. You ever get spam calls from numbers that appear local—or even more confusing—look nearly identical to your own phone number? You’re not alone. This is called “neighbor spoofing” and it’s getting worse and worse. #ICYMI: The bipartisan bill I introduced with Senator @lisamurkowski to expand access to mental health services for young people is one step closer to becoming law. The House companion was introduced this week. Great to see my colleagues supporting this commonsense measure. … I want to do everything I can to support MN farmers, especially given the tough farm economy that’s taken a toll on too many. That’s why I’m backing the bipartisan Hemp Farming Act, which would create new opportunity for our farmers by allowing them to grow & sell a new product. These visits helped me write a bill that reflects both the needs of and successes pioneered by Minnesota, and I’m going to push to get this commonsense bill passed into law.  … Over the past few months, I’ve been traveling all around MN to gather input on local workforce needs. I’ve seen models that excel, visited communities that have found success, and I’ve seen places that could benefit from more resources and support.pic.twitter.com/joXMlGOHZA My bill, called the 21st Century Workforce Partnerships Act, would expand workforce training partnerships between secondary schools, community and technical colleges, and local businesses. It’s an idea that works. Not everyone wants or needs to go to a four-year college. But everyone should be able to find a good-paying career. That’s why I introduced a bill to help Minnesotans develop the skills they need for jobs that are available right now—without taking on huge amounts of debt. Her story is just one example of the many ways #NetNeutrality helps advance our state. We’re getting closer to the vote to protect net neutrality, and we’re not backing down. Join me in this fight. Make your voices heard before it’s too late.  … #NetNeutrality puts her small business on a level-playing field with big businesses all across the country. She told me that without it they’d be wiped out. She'd have no chance of competing. It allows the internet to be a pillar of innovation that powers Minnesota's modern economy. Just last week I met a Minnesota woman who told me how important #NetNeutrality is to running small business.pic.twitter.com/Nr8O5gwyI5 #NetNeutrality means that some big corporation doesn't get to decide what we see online, how fast we get to see it, based on how much you’re willing to pay. The Senate is in the homestretch of the fight to save #NetNeutrality. Today I joined my Democratic Senate colleagues in filing a petition to force a vote to restore #NetNeutrality protections. Today I’m joining The Center For Victims of Torture (@cvt_staff)—an anti-torture group headquarted in Minnesota—to say why Gina Haspel should not lead the CIA. Watch live:  … Thanks to the parents, child care providers, and advocates who shared their ideas with my team in Bemidji yesterday. … I’m traveling across Minnesota to gather input on how we can tackle this problem. And when I’m in Washington, I’ve asked my staff in the state to continue this outreach. There’s a growing child care shortage in Minnesota. I’ve talked to families in greater Minnesota who have to drive 50 miles—50 miles!—to drop off their kids. That’s ridiculous. Minnesota families need affordable, quality child care that’s close to home. Some people play basketball, some people coach basketball. But both at the same time? Incredible. Happy Birthday @Lindsay_13, head coach of @GophersWBB team and point guard for the @MinnesotaLynx. Can’t wait to watch you play this Saturday! … President Trump was wrong to pull out of the Iran Nuclear Agreement. Read my full statement here:  … So @SecretaryCarson, I’m hoping you’ll reconsider your plan and instead work to improve access to affordable, stable housing. That’s what’s best for Minnesotans and best for the country.pic.twitter.com/SguUwsR0uf .@SecretaryCarson: you should scrap your proposal to impose new restrictions on housing subsidies. Low-income Minnesotans sometimes need help making ends meet to pay for housing—including seniors, people with disabilities, veterans, and children. I’m glad you agree, @duluthnews. … In fact the entire island lost power during a recent visit by our Minnesota Twins. That’s unreal. So today I told a top Department of Energy official that Americans in Puerto Rico deserve better, and they deserve it now. Take a look:pic.twitter.com/fj09ic9KEQ These are U.S. citizens we’re talking about. And what we wouldn’t accept for MNs, we shouldn’t accept for Puerto Ricans. While many Puerto Ricans have finally had their electricity restored, the grid remains fragile and has been hit by wide-scale power outages in recent months. Would families and communities still be dealing with severe power outages, unstable living conditions, and widespread blackouts nine months after having their lives upended? I doubt it. When I think about what we saw happen in Puerto Rico with Hurricane Maria, I can’t help but think what the response would look like if a comparable disaster struck Minnesota. I’m so grateful for these teachers, and for all teachers across Minnesota who are shaping our students into curious, compassionate, and smart leaders. So today—on #TeacherAppreciationDay—I want to say thank you. #ThankATeacher  … And in high school my chemistry teacher didn’t give up on me when I struggled to grasp the material. I knew that he believed in my potential, so when it was time to apply for college, I asked him to write my letter of recommendation. Ms. Larkin, my first grade teacher, taught me how much fun learning can be. She taught me about style, too: she drove a robin’s egg blue Volkswagen bug. In junior high I had an English teacher who taught me that reading is a great adventure. I still believe this to be true. Here’s a photo from junior high. Growing up I was lucky to have some great teachers who made a real impact on my life, and who I still remember to this day.pic.twitter.com/CdCvAcXnhd In the US, we do our best to bring our fallen service members home. I’m glad that we can recognize and honor Quentin Gifford of Mankato—a WWII sailor killed at Pearl Harbor whose remains were recently identified—and welcome him back to Minnesota. … That’s why I introduced a bipartisan bill to improve public health preparedness by recognizing the connection between human, environmental, and animal health.  … A “One Health” approach—the idea that human health is connected to the health of the environment and animals—can help us prevent and respond to pressing health issues, like the worsening allergy season that is affecting many Minnesotans right now. … I want to help more folks have opportunities like this. That's why I intro'd a legislative roadmap for the energy section of the #FarmBill, which would help MNs develop energy efficient and renewable energy projects by strengthening what works for our farm communities—incl. REAP.pic.twitter.com/nJb3qtdj8l I’m thrilled that Minnesota farmers in Carver and Pope counties have been awarded REAP funding to lower energy costs and boost renewable energy on their farms. When we can help Minnesota farmers, producers, ag businesses and rural areas invest in renewable energy, cut costs, and create jobs—that’s a win. And that’s exactly what the @USDA Rural Energy for America Program (#REAP) does. A strong Farm Bill benefits rural AND urban communities. @SenTinaSmith gets that. Glad to have her in our corner on the Ag. Cmte … And thank you, @2harvest, for your commitment to helping Minnesota families have enough to eat. Your work is critical to supporting the well-being of thousands of Minnesotans, and I’m going to fight to protect programs that help prevent hunger in the upcoming #FarmBill debate. … T-minus two days till @SenateDems file a petition to force a vote on restoring #NetNeutrality protections. And guess what: we’re one Senator away from winning that vote. My colleagues @AmyKlobuchar & @SenMarkey are ready to #SaveTheInternet. Are you? … Congratulations to the 2018 Minnesota Teacher of the Year—Kelly Holstine—an English teacher at Tokata Learning Center. I love Kelly’s motto: “every kid matters”. Thanks, Kelly, for providing your students with a high quality education, and for inspiring others to do the same. … This bill would strengthen programs that have already seen success, like the Beginning Farmer & Rancher Development Program, & encourage the development of technology that makes it easier for more farmers & ranchers to bring their products to market.pic.twitter.com/rhFZ1eNVHP Farming is a way of life for many MN families, & as a member of @SenateAgDems I want to help our next generation of farmers & ranchers, like Abe & Cally, succeed. I’m backing a bipartisan bill to support new and beginning farmers and ranchers enter and remain in the ag industry. Meet Abe and Cally Jergenson: two young farmers who grew up on farms in western Minnesota and decided to start their own family farm in Lake Minnewaska in 2014. … Feel like your allergies are worse this spring? Yeah...you're not wrong. Climate change isn't just an environmental issue, it's a public health issue that's affecting allergies and asthma. … Thanks to those who met with me, & for standing up for families in need. W/o your help, food security for MNs could be in jeopardy. Know that I’ll be a fierce advocate for nutrition programs as we move into #FarmBill debate bc that’s what families deserve.  … I met with SNAP participants, food bank & food shelf leaders, & experts on health & nutrition to discuss the effect of these proposed cuts. Under the President’s budget plan, MN would need to secure an additional $150 million just to maintain our current nutrition needs.pic.twitter.com/pnJoxGDoCR I’m very disappointed that the President wants to make deep cuts toprograms like SNAP, which support millions of Americans below or close to the poverty line—most of whom work for low wages, are elderly or disabled, or care for young children. Last year, Minnesotans made an estimated three million visits to local food shelves, and we know that many families in our state still lack access to nutritious and healthy meals. In fact, in Minnesota, one-in-ten households struggle with hunger. … What if you found out that you were at risk of no longer being able to put food on the table for your family? When I think about getting news like that, I know I’d be scared, and I’d be frustrated. Thanks to everyone who shared their input with me today, and know that I'm going to fight for nutrition programs when we start working on the #FarmBill in the Senate.pic.twitter.com/oprSkqjbYb Food security is important. When Minnesotans have enough to eat, our communities are stronger. Families are healthier, folks can go to work, and kids do better in school.pic.twitter.com/X8uvRD0Pkj Today at @2harvest I met w/ #SNAP participants, food bank and food shelf leaders, and experts on health and nutrition to discuss the impact of proposed funding cuts to #FarmBill nutrition programs. There’s clear consensus that these programs are critical to fighting hunger in MN.pic.twitter.com/TB7jBZVkM4 On some reservations, Native women are murdered at a rate of 10 times the national average. This is horrific & completely unacceptable. Today—on Nat’l Day of Awareness for Missing & Murdered Indigenous Women & Girls—we recommit ourselves to fighting this violence. #NotInvisible If you have any questions about my Veterans Listening Tour, or if you’re a Minnesota veteran who needs help accessing benefits, feel free to call my St. Paul office at (651) 221-1016. I want to help as many folks as possible. I want to make sure veterans across the state know that they can reach out to me when they hit roadblocks in accessing the benefits they earned. I recently dispatched my team to meet w/ folks in Aitkin, Detroit Lakes, & Fergus Falls to discuss VA health care, housing, & jobs.pic.twitter.com/2MhxCrymXN I’m horrified and heartbroken by this senseless act. An attack on any member our community is an attack on all of us. We need to bring about real change to prevent tragedies like this from repeating.  … On Wednesday there was a devastating act of violence in our community. While we’re still learning details of what happened, we know that two suspects opened fire outside Minneapolis' Little Earth housing complex. … Her story is inspiring, but it is not unique. It’s one example of the many ways in which Minnesota's immigrant communities contribute to our state. Their story is not theirs alone—it is the story of our nation, and it is the story of our state. This ceremony was especially meaningful to me because a member of my staff was among them. I’m so proud of Saran, whose own life experiences have led her to work toward a peaceful and more just society. This fall she will begin studying conflict resolution at Harvard.pic.twitter.com/gaAkvI4ZlE It was a honor to help recognize 40 people who became American citizens today at a naturalization ceremony in St. Paul. Ours is a state of immigrants—from the Scandinavians who made MN their home so many years ago to the Hmong & Somali families who came here more recently.pic.twitter.com/qYt4GSc27T The CREAATE Act would help provide our country’s ag community with new export opportunities and create jobs, and I’m going to fight to see it through. MAP and FMDP have displayed a return of $28.30 for every dollar invested between 1977 and 2014. Despite these successes, MAP and FDMP funding has not increased since the 2002 Farm Bill, even as competitors increase their efforts. That’s why I’m backing the CREAATE Act, which would help expand foreign markets for #mnag by strengthening already successful @USDA export programs, like the Market Access Program (MAP) and the Foreign Market Development Program (FMDP) I’m traveling across MN to learn about ag priorities bc I want to advocate for our farmers, ranchers & agribusinesses. I recently hosted #FarmBill mtgs in Austin, Granite Falls, Hutchinson, Lake Crystal, Melrose, Morris & Wabasha. And one issue that came up was access to markets. #TBT to enjoying a warm spring day with our sons, Sam and Mason, who look like they are ready to leap back into the game. They’re now grown men (amazingly, I’m still the same age!); I remember this like it was yesterday.pic.twitter.com/egXw2skNLI I can’t wait to take the ideas I got from passionate Minnesotans back with me to Washington D.C. to continue Minnesota’s legacy as a leader in mental health care. Today I met w/ parents, community leaders, mental health advocates, & school mental health providers at Washington Technology Magnet High School (@washingtontech) in St. Paul to hear how we can increase early intervention of mental health issues to support MN children & families.pic.twitter.com/AmXNR6EOTR That’s why I’m working to expand access to mental health services for young people. I’ve introduced a bipartisan bill to help communities across the country bolster their mental health treatment options for children—but that’s just the start. Kids struggle with mental health every bit as much as adults, but young people frequently have a hard time accessing mental health care. I firmly believe that @SecretaryCarson should reconsider this proposal and instead work to improve access to affordable, stable housing for low-income people.  … If enacted, this proposal would leave even more low income people without stable homes, including seniors, people with disabilities, veterans, and children. It would affect 72,400 households in Minnesota, and 4.1 million households nationally. I’m urging Secretary of Housing and Urban Development @SecretaryCarson to scrap his proposal to raise rents by imposing new strict requirements on households across the country.pic.twitter.com/1vFZYojcYk This bill took an important step towards becoming law after passing out of the Senate Health Committee, and I’m going to urge my colleagues to support this bill in the coming weeks.  … I’m proud of what these students have accomplished. Part of helping students succeed means providing greater access to mental health services. That's why I recently intro'd a bipartisan bill w/ @lisamurkowski to expand access to mental health services in schools & communities.pic.twitter.com/6nzrchZjes While I wasn’t able to be there in person, I’m glad I got to virtually connect with the impressive students at REACH’s conference in Hutchinson. REACH is a program in 30+ schools that helps provide students with the support they need to attain academic and personal success.pic.twitter.com/lWNtMffCgH Being a fierce advocate for Minnesotans is my top priority. That’s why my office is traveling across the state to explain how I can help Minnesotans cut through red tape when they need help with a federal agency. College graduates in MN leave school with an average of approx. 31k in debt. The student debt crisis is a serious issue that needs to be addressed. My office met with @mnprivcolleges to discuss how we can improve college affordability and increase access to higher education.pic.twitter.com/egomnMkKqV Meet Quinn, a 7th grade student from @112CMSE and a #NetNeutrality advocate. Thanks for attending last week’s discussion on the importance of protecting a free and open internet, and for sharing your Net Neutrality school project with me.pic.twitter.com/NFFHmC4gJQ Supporting our family farmers and ranchers, who make great contributions to our economy and help feed the country, shouldn’t be partisan, and I’m going to be fighting to get this bill signed into law.  … That’s why I’m backing @SenatorHeitkamp and @SenatorCollins’ bipartisan bill to support new and beginning farmers and ranchers enter and remain in the ag industry.pic.twitter.com/pJFwMvsbPq The average age of a farmer in Minnesota is 56. As our farming workforce continues to age and we look to the future, it’s important that we help build the next generation of farmers, ranchers, and ag businesses. Afterschool programs keep kids safe & improve students' work in the classroom. Pres Trump proposed doing away w/ the 21st Century Community Learning Centers funding, but I'm glad that 37 of my colleagues agree with me: families and kids rely on afterschool and we need to keep it.pic.twitter.com/f2JmBpcSeO 21st Century Learning Centers (known as 21st CCLCs) support afterschool programs in 100+ MN communities. When I stopped by a 21st CCLC in Mpls earlier this year (@BeaconsMPLS), I said that I'd fight for these programs bc I've seen how important they are to students and families. Interested in learning more about what I’m working on in Washington? Read this month’s newsletter:  …pic.twitter.com/Wk3cKetusk Congrats, @RochPubLibrary, on receiving @US_IMLS's 2018 National Medal for Museum & Library Service! Between your early literacy efforts, innovative programming, & mobile library—The Bookmobile—there’s no doubt that you deserve this award. Glad my staff was on hand to celebrate.pic.twitter.com/SMz7TBsiG6 Proud of @SenateDems for fighting for #NetNeutrality—the principle that what we read, view, and watch on the internet is free and open to everyone—and glad to sign your petition, @SenMarkey. We just need #OneMoreVote to help restore a free and open internet.pic.twitter.com/Lhxi6STV1R I want to help continue this renewable energy growth. That’s why I’ve introduced a legislative roadmap for the energy section of the #FarmBill, which would help individuals invest in renewable energy and energy-efficiency projects.  …pic.twitter.com/CDxWeqIexf Great to see Minneapolis joining two other MN cities—Rochester and St. Louis Park—in committing to work towards running entirely on renewable energy.  In MN, we know that homegrown, clean, and affordable energy means more jobs and is good for the planet. … I want to personally thank all of the firefighters and public safety officials who responded to the massive explosion and fire at Husky Energy in Superior. Your hard work prevented what could have been an even bigger disaster. I am proud of your service and dedication. Thank you. I believe that all workers have the right to a safe workplace. As we honor workers who have been killed or injured on the job, including those in Superior, WI, I believe we must continue to fight for advancing worker safety.  #WorkersMemorialDay The Trump Administration has proposed closing the lab in Morris, and I’m fighting back against these efforts because research is so important to Minnesota agriculture. Yesterday I continued my #FarmBill listening tour at North Central Soil Conservation Research Lab in Morris to gather input from locals on their priorities & needs. Thanks for insightful conversation on the importance of conservation efforts & nutrition programs in the Farm Bill.pic.twitter.com/SUHWAdvdlb The #FarmBill needs to have strong farm programs—crop insurance, safety net programs, conservation—and good nutrition programs. We also need to make rural development a priority. That’s what I told @JoeKASMRadio I’ll be focusing on when we start to work on the bill in the Senate.pic.twitter.com/na0UN4ojBX I look forward to continuing this conversation in Washington, where we only need #OneMoreVote to help restore #NetNeutrality protections that millions of Americans fought to establish. Minnesota—and the country—are counting on it. .@SenMarkey showed us a fast food commercial that explains why #NetNeutrality matters. In it, burgers were served slower than chicken sandwiches unless customers paid a premium. Consumers were outraged. Without net neutrality, this same thing could happen to internet service.pic.twitter.com/HrLPser12i Today I heard from local businesses, educators, and technology experts about how important a free and open internet is to the future of MN’s economy, and to our nation’s future prosperity. Thanks to @SenMarkey of Massachusetts for joining @AmyKlobuchar and me at this roundtable.pic.twitter.com/PlWmGlXnNb The @FCC’s move to scrap #NetNeutrality protections earlier this year means that giant corporations can pick how families, schools, and communities use the internet. That’s unacceptable. I’m backing the effort to restore protections for #NetNeutrality—the important principle that what we read, view, and watch on the internet is free and open to everyone. Watching the developing situation at the Husky Refinery in Superior. Hope everyone is staying safe. Good thoughts to the public safety officials who are on the scene. Look at Mr. Pompeo’s record. The things he’s said. His actions. Anti-Muslim, anti-LGBTQ, pro-torture. I registered a strong no vote against him in the Senate today. An awful choice for Secretary of State. Mike Pompeo should have never been considered for this job, and I’m gravely concerned with how he will now handle the serious responsibility of being our nation’s top diplomat. Thank you, @CUREriver, for sharing your perspective on #FarmBill priorities today. … Thank you, @MNFarmersUnion, for hosting my listening session on Minnesota’s #FarmBill energy priorities. It’s important that I gather input from as many folks as possible. … Thanks to everyone who participated in today’s discussion. Your input will help me be a fierce advocate for Minnesota during the #FarmBill debate. I introduced a legislative roadmap for the energy section of the next #FarmBill, which would strengthen energy programs that have already seen success, like REAP, to help more farmers, ranchers, and rural businesses invest in renewable energy and energy-efficiency projects. Energy is an important part of the #FarmBill currently moving through Congress. Today, my staff met with farmers and energy experts at Minnesota Farmers Union in St. Paul to discuss our state’s energy priorities as we debate this important bill.pic.twitter.com/KggO2AA1aA She's right. Climate change is one of the biggest threats to our planet—something virtually every scientist in the country agrees on. As a member of the Senate Environment Committee, I’m fighting day in and day out to protect our planet.  … Jessie is also a climate activist, connecting her experience with winter sports to the effects of climate change. She wants to prevent climate change so winters stay cold and future generations of winter sports enthusiasts have the opportunity to ski, skate, snowshoe, & more.pic.twitter.com/zILs2Fur4M Yesterday I got to sit down with Minnesota skiing legend @jessdiggs, who, as you may recall, made history with her teammate Kikkan Randall by winning the first Olympic gold—ever—for the United States in cross-country skiing at the 2018 winter games.pic.twitter.com/3HsireY3ES If Republican leadership refuses to bring this bill to a full Senate vote—like @SenateMajLdr has signaled—it sends a terrible message. Russia attempted to undermine the very fundamentals of our democratic process, and the American public deserves to know why. Special counsels must be allowed to conduct investigations without fear of political retribution or interference. Glad to see a bill I’m supporting to help protect Robert Mueller’s investigation into Trump-Russia has cleared @SenJudiciary. … This week I helped the bill pass the Senate Health Committee and get one step closer to becoming law. It’s great to see my colleagues supporting this commonsense measure to help some of our country's bravest and most selfless Americans. I’m proud to back @SenatorMenendez and @LisaMurkowski’s bipartisan bill to help monitor and study cancer among firefighters. This much-needed bill would bolster prevention and treatment of several major cancers that disproportionately hit firefighters. Minnesota’s firefighters put their lives on the line every day to keep our communities safe. The very least we should do in return is do everything in our power to keep them healthy. Sam - I give you the esteemed honor of hotdish judge and this is the picture you go with? I’m having second thoughts. … Thanks to our judges: Olympic gold-medal winning @CoachPhill of @TeamShuster, Farm Dir. @JoeKASMRadio, Noobstaa Philip Vang of @foodhini, which serves food made by immigrant and refugee chefs, & @AARPMN Voluneer State Pres. Kate Schaefers. Thanks @sambrodey for being the emcee.pic.twitter.com/sktzESkvlQ We had some innovative and tasty hotdishes this year. Take a look at our recipe book to see for yourself! My hotdish—10,000 Island Cheesburger Surprise Hotdish—was inspired by a meal that my mom served me as a kid.  …pic.twitter.com/E0hKvAW9RB I want to thank all of my colleagues for joining the spirited but friendly competition today. A big congratulations to @RepTomEmmer for winning this year with his “Hotdish of Champions”.pic.twitter.com/CLK8tHd0tg I’ve often said that serving as Lieutenant Governor was like being invited into Minnesotan’s living rooms. Now, as Senator, I am proud to continue this tradition today because it’s like bringing the Minnesota kitchen—and the tradition of great hotdish—to Washington.pic.twitter.com/bwwY3wzvS9 Today I took up the helm of Sen. Franken’s Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish—a chance to put politics to the side and bring people together over some delicious food.pic.twitter.com/IXc7BkVrDi Congrats to @RepTomEmmer on being the 1st Republican to win the MN cook Off. Even if it was in a tiebreaker! I admit supported my home district congressman @USRepRickNolan who lost the tie breaker! I really enjoyed being a judge of this great bipartisan event! #tatortothotdishpic.twitter.com/ZKjs1pR3et Thanks, @amyklobuchar, for making your “Gold Medal Curling Hotdish” for the competition! It was delicious. … And thank you, @keithellison, for cooking your “Minnesota Miracle(whip) Hotdish”, and for sporting some fun hotdish fashion! … Congratulations, @RepTomEmmer, on winning this year’s Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish Competition with your “Hotdish of Champions” (pictured here)! Video of awards ceremony—and more—coming shortly.pic.twitter.com/xMmIL9GEkE The annual bipartisan Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish Competition always brings out smiles!pic.twitter.com/gMLwL3PnlX Looking forward to this event this morning! @SenTinaSmithpic.twitter.com/HzfYa5riHV – bei Dirksen Senate Office Building South Cafeteria Buffet Earlier this year, I successfully secured funding for the Open Textbooks Pilot—which allows professors, students, & researchers to freely access otherwise costly materials. Now, I’m urging @BetsyDevosED to make sure @usedgov implements it.  …pic.twitter.com/Qnns1QXB4I College graduates in Minnesota leave school with an average of approx. $31k in debt. And an often forgotten expense is the cost of textbooks. During the 2017-2018 school year, the average student at a 4-year college spent more than $1,000 on books and supplies. HOTDISH UPDATE: Officially less than 24 hours until the 8th Annual MN Congressional Delegation Hotdish Competition. Other states might say hotdish is just a casserole, but they’d be wrong. We’ll be live streaming the event on my official Facebook page:   Thank you, @SecretarySonny for your response to my letter, which says that you will have your agencies do more tribal outreach, & I’m glad we could further discuss this today. We need to make sure the @USDA reflects the needs & concerns of Native American producers & growers.pic.twitter.com/XSy4xEjENg That’s why earlier this month, I sent a letter to @SecretarySonny to urge him to include tribal representatives in discussions about trade and export markets. Tribes and tribal producers are often not included, and this is a missed opportunity. … Btwn 2014 & 2016, the American Indian Foods Int’l Export Program generated nearly $62 million in sales of native products in overseas markets, incl. wild rice, bison jerky, & teas. This commercial success shows potential for growing export markets for Native American products. Today I invited @SecretarySonny to visit Minnesota to learn more about this program because I believe it’s a model for the nation, and would help the @USDA as it works to implement a rural #broadband loan and grant pilot program.pic.twitter.com/6kPEQrPpFQ MN's Border-to-Border grant program has helped deploy services to nearly 34,000 households, over 5,000 businesses, and 300 community institutions. There’s a lot of work to be done to expand access to #broadband, but this program is doing a lot to reach the hardest-to-serve areas. It’s always great to see Minnesota friends in Washington. Thanks, @R_T_Rybak, for stopping by my office to talk about strengthening Minnesota’s non-profits.pic.twitter.com/SrYJ22uPI6 Thanks, American Association of Nurse Anesthetists (@aanawebupdates), for stopping by to discuss your work to protect access to care in rural areas. Rural communities face unique challenges when it comes to accessing health care, and your efforts are making a real difference.pic.twitter.com/vOMToMHflB Nutrition programs are integral to the health and well-being of countless Minnesotans, and I’m going to fight to make sure they’re included in the 2018 #FarmBill. Nutrition programs are an important resource for people who don’t have enough to eat. I’m deeply troubled by the President’s proposed changes and cuts to these programs, and I’ll soon be visiting @2harvest Heartland to discuss the impact of proposed funding cuts on Minnesota. A strong #FarmBill should not only support our country’s farmers, ranchers, and agribusinesses, but families in need, too. I’m glad you agree, @StribOpinion. … Very cool to be in @SenTinaSmith office waiting to talk to her about increasing charitable giving while she pushes Sec Perdue to do more on rural affordable housingpic.twitter.com/aEIyH1waci I’ve written a bipartisan measure w/ @lisamurkowski (R-AK) to expand access to mental health services in schools & local communities, which will be voted on today as part of a larger bipartisan bill to address the opioid crisis.  … I believe we need to boost access to mental health services, strip away the stigma of mental illness, and make sure that our young people can get the treatment they need as early as possible in their lives. It’s going to take an all hands on deck effort if we really want to tackle this crisis. And part of that plan should—and, in fact, must—include mental health treatment. The opioid epidemic is a scourge affecting every part of our state and it has no boundaries—young, old, rich, low-income, suburban, rural. Whether you’re from the smallest township or the biggest metro area, opioids are stealing lives and tearing families apart. I’m working on legislation right now to help protect children whose families are swept up in immigration enforcement, and I’ll be revealing the bill in the coming weeks.  … I was shocked to learn that, according to a New York Times’ report, hundreds of immigrant children have been separated from their parents over the past year. Whether this happens at the border or during immigration raids, separating kids from their parents is cruel. No child should have to face the terror and confusion of being ripped away from their family. But young kids—including infants and toddlers—are often put in that very situation when their parents are caught up in immigration enforcement, detention, and removal actions. Welcome to the Senate Floor, Maile! Great to have you back for the vote, @SenDuckworth! … I’m calling on the Dept. of Health and Human Services to immediately negotiate the price of easy to administer naloxone combination products so more people can access them. Communities in every corner of our state—and across the country—are counting on it.  … These soaring prices are great for drug companies’ wallets, but they hurt families who are counting on this medication. Local fire, police, health departments, and everyday Minnesotans are unable to afford the drug that could save their life or the life of someone they know. The price of naloxone—the life-saving overdose reversal drug—has increased dramatically during the opioid epidemic. Take Evzio, a hand-held auto-injector: it’s increased in price from $690 in 2014 to more than $4,000 today for a two pack. 42,249. That’s how many American lives the opioid epidemic claimed in 2016. Drug overdoses are now the leading cause of death for Americans under 50. "The most important thing is that this investigation is not interfered with."   – @SenTinaSmith says on her support for legislation protecting the Mueller probe.    Minnesota is home to the Mississippi headwaters, 10,000+ lakes, incredible forests, and countless parks (like Tettegouche State Park—where this photo was taken). I want to help make sure Minnesota’s environment—and the world’s—is preserved. #EarthDay  …pic.twitter.com/cbrDO9cC0n The 35W Bridge and the Lowry Avenue Bridge will both be lit purple this weekend in his honor. And if you’re a fan of Prince, check this out: Prince’s version of “Nothing Compares 2 U”—recorded in 1984—was recently released. … Today we've been remembering Prince: a legendary artist (and proud Minnesotan) whose music, dancing, and style continues to inspire folks in Minnesota and across the world. … Hey @JoeKASMRadio, looking forward to having you judge the hotdish competition, but you don’t have to bring your own spoon. What kind of host do you think I am? … Thank you to everyone who attended. I look forward to hosting more of these meetings. I want to help as many Minnesota veterans—and their families—as possible. l launched my Veterans Listening Tour to hear about challenges veterans face in securing earned benefits, and explain how I can advocate on their behalf. This week in Montevideo, folks discussed issues including affordable housing and health care. … "The most important thing is that this investigation is not interfered with… We know that there was interference in our election in 2016 & the purpose of this investigation is to get to the bottom of that. What happened? How did it happen?"  … This morning I was on MSNBC’s Morning Joe talking about the latest in Washington, including the bipartisan bill to protect special counsel Robert Mueller.pic.twitter.com/haEMUQISnC In a few minutes I’ll be on @MSNBC’s @Morning_Joe to discuss the latest in Washington. Hope you’ll tune in. Tomorrow morning at approx. 6:30 am CT I’ll be talking about the latest in Washington on @MSNBC’s @Morning_Joe. Hope you’ll tune in. Happy to stop by your hometown, @Kohlsbeef! I launched my #FarmBill Working Group meetings because I want to gather input on the Farm Bill from Minnesotans who live in every corner of our state. … .@SenTinaSmith will be holding staff-led listening sessions on the 2018 #FarmBill next week. Find one in your area and make your priorities known:  Thank you, @TCVFarmer, for hosting today's #FarmBill listening session! … In the summer we say ‘make hay when the sun shines’ but with April weather in Minnesota we can also say ‘make ice when the snow flies.’ Water at today’s #FarmBill meeting was certainly chilled!pic.twitter.com/oacqlx80rC Today my staff traveled to Granite Falls to continue our #FarmBill Listening Tour. We’re working hard to make sure we gather input from Minnesotans in every corner of our state because the Farm Bill affects everyone. Thanks to everyone who attended.pic.twitter.com/T5OhpD9nd0 The future of Minnesota’s workforce is bright with so many women, like all of you, studying #STEM! Thanks again for attending my roundtable discussion on women in the workforce, @FIRSTteam1816, and good luck at your robotics competition. … 8th Annual MN Congressional Delegation Hotdish-Off judges: Olympic gold-medal winning @CoachPhill of hometown heroes @TeamShuster, Farm Dir. @JoeKASMRadio, Noobstaa Philip Vang of @foodhini which serves food crafted by immigrant & refugee chefs, @AARPMN State Pres. Kate Schaefers I plan to push Minnesota #FarmBill priorities after hearing from as many Minnesotans as possible. If you’d like to share your Minnesota perspective on the Farm Bill, I’d love to hear from you. Give my team a call at 202-224-5641 or email ag@smith.senate.gov.pic.twitter.com/gJ4sCLkG8M Food, #mnag, and technology: that’s what I recently discussed with @LandOLakesInc board members and farmers. Thanks for sharing your #FarmBill priorities, and for highlighting the important role #broadband plays in supporting rural farmers and agribusinesses.pic.twitter.com/k2koPFrBOW #TBT to skiing as a 13-year-old in Alaska, where I lived for a few years. I’ve had an affinity for winter—and the snow—since I was a kid. It’s no wonder that I made my way to Minnesota, raised my family here, and have called it home for 34 years.pic.twitter.com/5mgTlR0Jnt Moms need to work, Senators need to vote, and babies need to eat. Every workplace should be family-friendly, incl. US Senate. I’m glad we passed a (long overdue) measure so @SenDuckworth can bring baby Maile Pearl onto the Senate floor. It’s the 21st century, for goodness' sake. … Today’s vote could discourage the @CFPB from taking action to #ProtectConsumers—and could set a precedent for repealing other key guidance. I’m speaking out because now is not the time to roll back protections against discrimination. I hope you’ll join me in speaking out. .@CFPB issued guidance that warned auto dealers that certain lending practices—particularly the practice of “dealer markup”—can give cover to discrimination & force ppl of color to pay more for a car than white consumers, which is prohibited under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act I believe that no one should have to pay a higher interest rate because of their race, ethnicity, or any other protected characteristic. I join many of my colleagues, civil rights groups, and consumer rights groups in feeling disappointed by today’s Senate vote that rolls back a critical protection that helps prevent auto lending discrimination. The head of the EPA should be someone who can effectively—and ethically—enforce the laws that protect the air we breathe, the water we drink, and lands we share. Pruitt has abused the public trust, and must step down immediately. And today, I helped introduce a resolution with 38 of my Senate colleagues calling for Pruitt’s immediate resignation—the most senators ever to sign on a resolution formally calling for a cabinet official’s resignation. And 130 House members joined us.  … Earlier this month—after reports that raised serious questions about Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Scott Pruitt’s ethical judgment—I called on him to resign from office. Thanks, @MNLifeCollege, for stopping by to say hello! I really enjoyed hearing about your visit to Washington, your students’ jobs, and learning about your school’s innovative programs for young adults.pic.twitter.com/ibKvEN4yOW I’m looking forward to discussing with my colleagues—on both sides of the aisle—how we can fix this problem at today’s bipartisan select committee on the pension crisis meeting. Securing pensions for the countless # of Americans in retirement limbo shouldn’t be partisan. I’ve been meeting with Minnesotans impacted by our country’s pensions crisis since becoming Senator because their stories and input are critical to finding solutions to this problem. Most recently, I met with labor leaders and retirees in Moorhead.pic.twitter.com/SViVgmcO77 The effect of a pension plan failure goes far beyond retirees. The ripple effect can take down businesses and hurt communities, too. At least 22k Minnesotans are at risk of losing their pensions. I think it’s outrageous and it’s unfair to lose a pension you’ve been promised after years of hard work. I’m on a bipartisan committee to find a solution, and we’d like to hear from you. … Started the morning off in one of my favorite ways: great conversation with Minnesotans over a cup of coffee. Thanks to everyone who attended #CoffeeWithTina, including Red Lake High School students visiting Washington with @CloseUp_DC. Enjoy your visit to our nation’s capital!pic.twitter.com/GFf1PM1i0Z Barbara Bush was a strong woman who spoke her mind. And was a class act. Peace be with the Bush family. I’m exploring legislative fixes to prevent another Sun Country Airlines debacle from happening. It should be simple: when somebody buys a plane ticket, they should trust that the airline is going to get them home.  … I’m hoping for some inventive dishes this year, and as always I’m looking forward to doing what I love most—bringing people together. Check out more details here:  … I’m proud to take the helm of Sen. Franken’s annual bipartisan—& highly competitive—cook off to determine which MN member of Congress makes the best hotdish. For non-locals wondering what hotdish is (eyeroll)—it’s similar to what other folks call casserole but indisputably better Alert the presses: it’s hotdish time! Right here, right now, I’m announcing that the 8th annual Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish Competition is officially scheduled for April 25. To my colleagues, break out your oven mitts, aprons, and tater tots.pic.twitter.com/tKDCuHBiHO So today, I'm making a second push. I asked the CEO of Sun Country to explain what happened—I want to hear directly from the airline. And so do the families who were stranded in a foreign country and left to fend for themselves to get home.  …pic.twitter.com/Itxfe8MF1z I led the charge pressing @USDOT to make sure that our airline cancellation policies prevent this from happening again. But Sun Country stranded its customers, and they have to make things right.pic.twitter.com/f67xlx2Lum Over the weekend, Sun Country Airlines effectively abandoned hundreds of travelers who were trying to fly back to MN—some of whom are still stranded. They’ve had to rebook themselves & spend hundreds, or even thousands, to get home. Immediately, I took a stand for these families. LIVE NOW: I’m joining Senate Democrats to talk about how the Republican tax law was rigged to benefit big corporate executives and Wall Street. Tune in to hear me speak.  … I had the chance to work with Paul Thissen for many years, and deeply respect his intellect and commitment to justice. I know he will do an outstanding job serving on the Minnesota Supreme Court. I open my office every Wed at 9 a.m. when the Senate’s in session to talk with Minnesotans over a cup of coffee from a Minnesota roaster or shop. Tomorrow’s coffee is from Moxie Java in Moorhead. If you’re in town, I hope you’ll join me. RSVP:  …pic.twitter.com/Zk6vbYfspE As Lt. Governor, I’d say the job was like being invited into Minnesota's living room. My office might not be as cozy as a living room, but I still like to make sure that Minnesotans get a big welcome when visiting our nation’s capital.pic.twitter.com/hN3eH74Xh0 Thank you to everyone who attended these meetings and for sharing your stories and input with my staff. If you have any questions about my Veterans Listening Tour, feel free to call my St. Paul office at (651) 221-1016.pic.twitter.com/glpqdoGZLh I want to help ensure that Minnesota veterans—and their families—receive the benefits they’ve earned. Yesterday my staff met with veterans in Montevideo and Willmar to hear about challenges they face in securing benefits, and to discuss how we can advocate on their behalf.pic.twitter.com/Bc6OqUQHK6 You're the definition of strength and resiliency, @SenJohnMcCain. Archie and I wish you the very best during your recovery. … I want to hear from our federal transportation officials about what can be done to prevent it from happening again. I’m asking @USDOT to work with airlines to ensure cancellation policies adequately protect consumers.  …pic.twitter.com/sPobm4lfVZ At a time when consumers are already financially squeezed by the airline industry, it is troublesome to see a local airline basically give up on getting its customers home. Over the weekend, Eagan-based Sun Country Airlines stranded hundreds of travelers in Mexico because of the bad weather, leaving them to rebook on their own and deal with insufficient refunds. Sounds like a cruel joke, but it actually happened. … Barbara Bush is a woman of great strength. Archie and I wish her—and her entire family—comfort and peace during this difficult time. … Congratulations, @mnwild, on the big win over the Jets in game 3 of the #StanleyCup playoffs. #StateOfHockey … #AllEyesNorth: Wishing best of luck to the @Timberwolves, who will play in their first #NBAPlayoffs game in 14 years tonight. Stay safe out there in the snow, and I'll be rescheduling my @2harvest visit because I'm committed to working with leaders to protect these important nutrition programs. I planned on heading to Second Harvest Heartland in St. Paul today to talk about how important nutrition programs are to Minnesotans, but like many of you I'm still working to clear out the snow and I don't want to make folks venture out. Thanks to all working to clear the roads! Read my statement on US airstrikes on Syria here:  … And I’ll have to let Local 49 Training Center know when I’m back in Hinckley because I want to work the excavator again.pic.twitter.com/Z0Ljo414TI Loved the tour of Local 49 Training Center, so thanks again Jason. We need to expand apprenticeship programs like Local 49 in Hinckley across Minnesota and our nation. … When we talk about trade and export markets, we need to make sure we’re including tribal representatives too. I've reached out to @SecretarySonny w/ @SenJohnHoeven, @SenatorTomUdall & @SteveDaines bc @USDA needs to support the work of tribes & producers in the global marketplace.pic.twitter.com/d0KgGsWkUx So here we are in Cloquet on our way to Mountain Iron. What Minnesota staple did I have to get while passing through?pic.twitter.com/ekBb3gp33l I think it’s a great model for what we should be doing more of nationally. I mean, check this out: students get to work on real world tech projects w/ Best Buy’s Geek Squad, study topography w/ augmented reality sandboxes, & earn culinary certifications.  … I recently visited @BurnsvilleHS's Pathways Program, an innovative program that helps students explore career opportunities in all kinds of different areas, and partners with businesses to make this happen.  … Job-training partnerships between schools and local businesses are an example of how we can help Minnesota businesses find workers with the skills they need, and help students land good paying jobs without a 4-year degree. And next week, my staff will be doing more of the same in Montevideo and Willmar, because we want to help as many Minnesota veterans as possible. If you have any questions about my Veterans Listening Tour, feel free to call my St. Paul office at (651) 221-1016. Yesterday my staff was in Preston, where they met with area veterans and local leaders to talk about how we can connect veterans in the region with services, and advocate on their behalf when they encounter barriers to receiving their benefits.pic.twitter.com/MyCbH38hqv That’s why my staff and I are traveling around Minnesota to hear about the challenges veterans face when trying to secure the health care, education, housing, or job placement benefits they’ve earned. When men and women who have honorably served our nation in uniform return home, we need to make sure they receive the benefits and care they were promised. Mike Pompeo is an advocate for blowing up the Iran Deal, a torture supporter, has expressed Islamaphobic views, and has an anti-LGBTQ record. He’s a disastrous choice to be our nation’s top diplomat. And you can bet I’ll be voting against his nomination to be Secretary of State.pic.twitter.com/Q6lk39iNG7 Rod Carew, Kirby Puckett, and now, Joe Mauer. Congratulations to our hometown hero on joining the 2,000-hit club with the @MNTwins—the third #MNTwins player in history to reach this milestone. … I don't. … Thank you, @SenPatRoberts and @SenStabenow, for committing to a bipartisan #FarmBill. I'm looking forward to working with you on this, and getting it passed into law. Our nation's farmers, ranchers, agribusinesses, and rural communities are counting on it. … That’s why I’m proud to be a cosponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would help put a stop to this inequity. I’m going to continue fighting to get that important measure passed in the Senate. But I want to be clear: to the millions of women in this country who should be taking home more than they do right now, the pay gap is a huge problem. When I wrote about Equal Pay Day earlier this week, I said the 80 cents/$1 stat applies to men and women doing the same job. That last part—comparing particular job categories—wasn’t quite right. And I’m glad @PolitiFact reached out to me for clarification. Tuesday marked Equal Pay Day in the United States—a day I sure wish we didn’t have to recognize each year. On average, women in our country earn 80 cents to the dollar compared to men. And that pay gap is even wider for many women of color. Minnesotan. WNBA @MinnesotaLynx All-star. Olympian. Congrats to @Lindsay_13 on being able to add Head Coach to that list. @Gophersports and @GopherWBB fans: this is exciting news! … I have a new bill that builds out broadband to rural communities and modernizes internet speeds—just one of many things we need to be doing to address this issue. Check it out:  … And if we’re going to build an economy that works for everyone, we need to seriously prioritize high-speed internet. Just like we did with rural electrification and the interstate highway system. #Broadband is the infrastructure of the 21st Century—it isn’t just nice to have, it’s necessary. With more than 3,000 pig farms in MN, it’s important that I stay up to date on #mnpork priorities. Glad I got to sit down w/ @MinnesotaPork producers—& two student ambassadors—to discuss #FarmBill priorities & to tell them I’m advocating for Minnesotans affected by recent tariffspic.twitter.com/xNQJuvSXjX Today, on Yom HaShoah, we honor the 6 million innocent lives stolen during the Holocaust, and recommit ourselves to never forgetting the horrors of this atrocity, and standing up against all forms of intolerance and hate. #HolocaustRemembranceDay Which is why I met with @GrowthEnergy to tell them they have a champion of biofuels in Washington.pic.twitter.com/7F6INNn6gZ The Renewable Fuel Standard (#RFS) helps make sure our country keeps making clean, homegrown biofuels produced in states like Minnesota. They are better than fossil fuels for our environment. But they are under assault from the Trump admin. What a game, @Timberwolves! Big congrats on earning a spot in the #NBAPlayoffs for the first time since 2004. #AllEyesNorth … This disturbing level of coordination between Russia and the people in the President of the United States’ own inner circle—and possibly even the president himself—must be investigated fully and fairly, without risk of political interference.  … Russia is a hostile foreign govt that interfered in the’16 presidential election w/ the goal of undermining our democracy. No serious person disputes that fact. On top of that, members of the Trump campaign & Trump admin knew abt Russia’s meddling & welcomed offers of assistance. I support the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act—a newly unveiled bipartisan bill to protect special counsels like Robert Mueller from being fired without good cause—because they should be allowed to conduct investigations without fear of political retribution. The Secretary of State should be a person who can use diplomacy to build consensus. They need to be able to represent American values to the world. It’s abundantly clear that Mike Pompeo is not that person. Today I announced that I plan to vote against Mike Pompeo’s nomination for Secretary of State. Pompeo is a man who has a record of anti-Muslim statements, some of which he’s read from the House floor. He’s a man who referred to waterboarders not as torturers but as “patriots.”pic.twitter.com/G7sgm0G1VW We must protect freedom of the press. If you haven’t already seen this, you should watch it. It’s what systematic news distortion looks like: … I’ve joined my colleagues to call on the @FCC— which is responsible for ensuring that broadcast licenses serve the public interest—to investigate Sinclair’s behavior, & determine if it’s fit to acquire even more broadcast licenses through the proposed merger w/ Tribune Media Co.pic.twitter.com/8kY9kYafgo 