Tonight I will debate Corey Stewart.  I’m not sure what questions will be thrown our way or what kinds of things my opponent will say - but I do know that from my side of the stage, you’ll hear a vision of unity, positivity, and compassion.  Follow @TeamKaine for live highlights. I am so humbled by these words of support by my friend and a public service role model, former Sen. John Warner.  For 30 years as our Republican senator, John didn’t put party first. It was country first. It was Virginia first. I try every day to live up to that example.pic.twitter.com/h6QRyMNUqa Hey, friends in Virginia!   There's an annual competition with high schools in your state to see which schools can register at least 65% of the eligible Seniors.  For more info and to sign up go here:      … if you don't vote in this November's elections, @timkaine won't be mad. he'll just be disappointed.  today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay - the perfect day to visit   and update or begin your registration >>> I agree. … What Republicans shouldn't rush: a Supreme Court confirmation when serious charges of sexual assault are on the table.  What Republicans *should* rush: a vote on legislation to protect the Mueller investigation - given that, by week's end, the man overseeing it could be fired. There are endless reasons a survivor of sexual assault wouldn’t file a report right away, not least of which is the fear of retribution, doubt, and character attacks—a fear which Trump and many members of the GOP are instilling anew in millions of women and girls. Shame on them.pic.twitter.com/5hjIIdrVLL In times of crisis, four presidents became great leaders. @timkaine reviews @DorisKGoodwin's "LEADERSHIP: In Turbulent Times"  It’s my father-in-law’s 95th birthday. In a challenging political time, when Americans seek unselfish leaders who will do what’s right and endeavor to bring people together, Linwood Holton—a Republican—is a model example for us to look to. … Tonight at @LibertyU's #VASEN forum, my message was clear—and it couldn't have been any more different than my opponent's. We need to listen to Virginians and hear their concerns, find solutions that give folks good jobs and fair wages, and fight for equality for ALL.pic.twitter.com/boho1RJyKe Virginia Senate Town Hall Debate with @timkaine & @coreystewartva – LIVE at 7pm ET on C-SPAN   #VASenpic.twitter.com/hE87QIY51v To all observing Yom Kippur in Virginia and around the world — I want to wish you a meaningful day of reflection and an easy fast. The FBI background investigation into Judge Kavanaugh should be reopened in light of the serious charges against him. 99-1.  That was the final vote of the Opioid Crisis Response Act tonight in the Senate. Because we worked together, we’ve made progress toward preventing tens of thousands of deaths from this horrible epidemic each year. … Please take precautions and stay tuned to local news alerts—a tornado watch is still in effect for many parts of the Commonwealth until 10PM and we are still on alert for flooding. … Tim Kaine comments on the courage of Dr. Ford for speaking out and calls on Senate Judiciary to delay the vote on Kavanaugh until there's been a full investigationpic.twitter.com/vJPPqFhzab We in the Senate owe it to Dr. Christine Blasey Ford to consider her serious charge as we dutifully examine Judge Kavanaugh. The Judiciary Committee should not vote on his nomination until this allegation is fully investigated. Hurricane Florence is likely to bring heavy rain to the Roanoke Valley and Southwest Virginia over the coming weekend. The time to prepare for this is now. Here's an email I just sent to folks in Southwest with information about how you can be prepared. … In 2012, @TyroneGayle was one of my closest campaign aides. We drove all over Virginia together. A former Clemson track star, he hasn't run much since his cancer diagnosis. Now his friends run for him and have set up this cool fundraiser. Give if you can!  Sen. @timkaine urged Virginians to obey evacuation orders, as parts of the already flooded state anticipates significant rain from #HurricaneFlorence.  pic.twitter.com/fvD9JtQXqS  VIRGINIANS:  Please take all precautions as Hurricane Florence approaches.  FOLLOW: @VDEM for emergency updates.  VISIT:   for more information.  A federal emergency declaration has been made, and efforts are underway to prepare for this dangerous storm. Today we laid a wreath in Arlington with brave law enforcement officers and first responders in memory of those we lost 17 yrs ago on 9/11. With each passing year, it becomes more important to commemorate these lives and that day so future generations #NeverForget what happened.pic.twitter.com/sV3Hueu5Dp It's important to prepare your family, home and business before a storm arrives. Visit   and make sure you #KnowYourZone. #Florencepic.twitter.com/DhNRB4lg7Z Roger Stone just coined one of the best band names ever - "Playing bluegrass with reckless abandon, please welcome The Insubordinate Hillbillies!" … To all those in Virginia and around the world celebrating the new year tonight, L’Shanah Tovah! I hope your year ahead is filled with peace, health, joy, and light. Fired up group of volunteers ready to knock doors in Vienna for me @JenniferWexton and @timkaine . Thanks for going out in the rain today to keep Virginia bluepic.twitter.com/Q3LHHgriy2 Fighting for a Virginia that works for all!  Thank you @mallardforva for a fantastic start to our Weekend of Action for #KaineAndElaine! Time to lace up our shoes and knock those doors.   It is always a #ShoreThing with you all at our side!pic.twitter.com/o4m76kcr46 You know it's serious when you're skipping college football Saturday to go canvassing. Out here working to WINchester for @timkaine and @JenniferWexton! @WinchesterIndiv @WincYoungDemspic.twitter.com/2ZeVX9fnFs When you can take a break from knocking doors, follow @timkaine on instagram to get live updates from our September Weekend of Action … After ransoming a Supreme Court seat for 9 months prior to 2016's election, the GOP wants to force a rushed vote on this nomination—revealing a desire to hide aspects of Kavanaugh's record. This appointment is for life. The stakes are so high. This nomination should be stopped. Kavanaugh failed to show respect for Supreme Court precedent. Documents from his past reveal he thinks Roe can be overturned. By stating the Court can always overrule “settled law,” we’re left to wonder what all he'd “unsettle” - from the ACA to marriage equality to so much more. Kavanaugh failed to show he'll be an independent check against unlawful action by a President. He would not say whether a President must comply with subpoenas. He would not say whether a President could pardon himself. He would not decry scorched-earth attacks on law enforcement. After meeting with him, reviewing his record, and watching his hearing, Judge Kavanaugh has clearly failed to show he would be an independent check against executive power. He would threaten Supreme Court precedent on women's health, marriage equality, and more.  I will vote no. No, not knowing who the good guys are and who the bad guys are at a neo-Nazi rally is the "biggest ____ing mistake." … My colleagues on the Judiciary Committee are right: Senators have been denied thousands upon thousand of documents to help understand more about Brett Kavanaugh's record and beliefs. Jamming this hearing through with so much unanswered is wrong. I had a great start to Labor Day by speaking to the Kingsmill Democrats on the importance of re-electing @timkaine.  Only 64 days until Election Day!pic.twitter.com/TLGOdl9tR6 Proud to spend the day crisscrossing Virginia to support great Dem candidates like my friend Senator @timkaine. First stop @alexvadems Annual Labor Day BBQ!pic.twitter.com/75sfFF1gIu On #LaborDay, remember why we have this day “off” and what we’re celebrating.  Unions are essential to protecting workers’ rights—and when workers are strong, the economy is strong. Now more than ever, we need to focus on raising wages and ensuring opportunity for ALL. How many millions did the deficit-busting Trump tax cut put into his own pockets? But it’s federal employees who are hurting our fiscal situation?  … I wrote to the International Trade Commission to oppose these tariffs, which would’ve placed yet another burden on local newspapers. We’ve seen enough cutbacks to the news Americans need most in recent years, so I’m glad these got stopped. … Looking through my phone, I just came across this photo with John McCain in 2015 at the Western Wall in Jerusalem. One of many great memories traveling this wide world with John. A true internationalist, he understood we are strong at home when we are moral leaders globally.pic.twitter.com/zQiaCuhIz0 Today, retired @NASA_Langley mathematician Katherine Johnson makes her 100th trip around the Sun as she celebrates her birthday! Send her birthday wishes using #Happy100Katherine & learn about her calculations that launched @NASA_Astronauts to space :  …pic.twitter.com/DVvVYnrupe I wrote a tribute to my friend and committee chairman for @TIME Magazine, if you’d like to read it.   “What John McCain Taught Me About Governing, Losing and Life”   …pic.twitter.com/b7BLzF6M3r I already miss my friend John McCain. A maverick. A model of strength in Vietnam. A champion of servicemembers, campaign finance reform and many other causes. His voice loomed large, was almost always desperately needed, and will be sorely absent in the times to come. Rest easy. One of Virginia’s longtime reporters, @DaveRess1, tragically suffered a heart attack Sunday. He’s fighting now—and the Dave I know will keep digging til he gets a full recovery. His @Daily_Press colleagues have set up a page for support. Give if you can! … They just don't make 'em like John McCain anymore. For 60 years, he has served our country. As a man in uniform. As a maverick leader always seeking common ground. As a committee chairman dedicating his work to serving our troops and veterans. We love you, John. We're with you. A new @USChamber report says Virginia will see “extremely significant damage” from Trump’s trade war, to the tune of $993 million.  Included is more than $100 million of coal exports.  What’s that about a “war on coal,” Mr. President?   pic.twitter.com/DlCG7UxVoP We in Congress wrote a law to fund improvements to academics, schools, and digital literacy. That’s what this money should go toward. Not some dangerous scheme to arm teachers with guns—especially when too often we fail to even arm them with pencils, books, and adequate salaries. … The past 24 hours is as grave a reminder as any that the American people deserve a proper check and balance on President Trump.  In about 75 days, we have the opportunity to elect a Democratic majority who can begin to hold this administration accountable. With the Cohen and Manafort news today, it’s more important than ever that Congress act immediately to protect the Mueller investigation. Scott Pruitt may be gone but Trump’s EPA continues to push a dangerous agenda. Today, *their own plan* admits it’ll lead to as many as 1,400 premature deaths a year. That’s scary.  Coal country needs real investments to improve modern economies, not this.  Eid Mubarak! Wishing the Muslim community in Virginia and across the world peace, prosperity, and joy. Virginians deserve representatives who listen to their concerns. Last week I joined four of our congressional challengers for important discussions on safety, security, and economic development. These women will deliver for Virginians and I can’t wait to have them as colleagues.pic.twitter.com/nZcG8q5g79 So proud of Richmond’s @ConstanceWu! @AnneHolton and I used to see her in the community theatre scene here as she started to pursue her dreams. Such a testament to the strength and benefit of RVA Arts! … Danville isn’t “sad,” as some have claimed – it’s an economically vibrant place. That's clear if you actually listen to the local leaders who are working together to improve their neighbors' lives. Grateful to be welcomed back for a tour and thoughtful discussion today.pic.twitter.com/DIhSpn1kC2 You made us feel  You made us feel  You made us feel so very special with your beautiful voice, your soul, and the way you changed American life forever.  Rest in peace, Queen of Soul. … pic.twitter.com/Rlyy28lDFb .@timkaine at Todos Supermarket discussing critical issues - from economic development to creating safe communities - with members of the Latino community in Woodbridge tonight.pic.twitter.com/9AVn5Wekiq – bei Todos Supermarket I joined @timkaine, law enforcement, & community leaders in Manassas for a discussion on community & gang violence. As a former prosecutor and attorney for abused & neglected kids, I know it’s important that we focus on prevention, education & rehabilitation for our youth. #VA10pic.twitter.com/KxfMZ7w9Kg .@timkaine and @JenniferWexton in Manassas this morning discussing gang prevention and how to better support at risk youth with Prince William County community leaders and law enforcement.pic.twitter.com/BOuMWYMxmw Huge turnout for an 8:15 office opening! Great to welcome Sen. Tim Kaine to Herndon and show him we're ready to get him re-elected and get Sen. Wexton elected. #bluewave #va10 #teamwexton #TK4VApic.twitter.com/0zy5FpFyeS Happy International #LeftHandersDay! @AnneHolton and I have a family that is 4/5 southpaw - but we worked really hard to make sure our son Nat never felt ... left out. How immensely small this President is. … By signing this bill, President Trump has enacted into law my legislation to help military spouses get good jobs. With their unemployment rate 3-5 times the national average, I'm really proud of this law. It will do a lot of good for these patriotic families. … Standing room only at our Henrico Panel Discussion on National Security and Safety with @timkaine, @nedprice, and @kareninva. #VA07pic.twitter.com/ur1Jch83xH In #VA02, national security is a top priority. That’s why I’m glad to join @timkaine & security experts to discuss ensuring military readiness, enhancing cybersecurity, and strengthening our diplomatic ties.pic.twitter.com/L6WXiBru3O On this somber anniversary, we remember Heather Heyer, Jay Cullen, and Berke Bates.  And we recommit ourselves to speaking out against hate and embracing true equality.  #Charlottesvillepic.twitter.com/fssF0jYh7B As the one-year anniversary of the deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville approaches, @timkaine & I are *still* pressing the Trump Administration for action to combat hate violence.pic.twitter.com/FwI8nVJhcm Levar can’t match my style. … Take your protein pills and put your helmet on. … Thank you, Senator @TimKaine, for visiting our Williamsburg brewery to meet our colleagues and learn more about the great beers we’re brewing right here in Virginia. We’ve called Williamsburg home since 1972, and we look forward to many more years to come #BrewDemocracypic.twitter.com/vRTkGSa3dC Today is #BlackWomensEqualPayDay and this still rings true. … ‘To those who tried to turn us back last year, I just say we stand united against you.’ — Sen. Tim Kaine will not back down in the face of hatred one year after Charlottesvillepic.twitter.com/S0trrAhW4W Today marks the signing of the Voting Rights Act, a seminal moment in our nation's history. 53 years later, we still have work to do in protecting the right to vote from suppression and subversion so that every American is guaranteed their voice in our democracy. … In 92 days, we go to the polls to determine what Congress will look like in January 2019.  Will we choose an agenda that:  Takes insurance away from 20+ million Guts protections for pre-existing conditions  Or will we reject that plan once and for all?  That's the choice. … Our economy works best when everyone has a skill. That’s why I’ve passed laws to expand job training - so our future workforce can get good jobs, with good pay. My campaign is about building an economy that works for all. Watch our first ad - and join us:  pic.twitter.com/f2OLg1NuOq .@timkaine starting off a swing in Hampton Roads w/ @ElaineLuriaVA at the VBEA in Virginia Beach for a discussion on investing in public schools, CTE, and school safety. #Va4Allpic.twitter.com/y3vNJJG1Sr This morning I’m with @VBEA4Kids, @timkaine, teachers, and school board members to discuss prioritizing public edu & school safety. Our children & educators deserve to feel safe in their classrooms & have the tools they need to succeed.pic.twitter.com/Wb9km0A7P2 My motto in the Senate these days: advance anywhere we can, protect everything we must.  Today the president signed into law my legislation to improve career and technical education for America's students. Even in this environment, if we work hard, we can make some progress. … Elementary logic:  “Collusion is not a crime.”  Collusion = Non-crime  “There was no collusion.”  There was no non-crime.  Q.E.D. There was a crime. … President Shutdown is at it again - how many times will he threaten to shut down the government—putting Virginia’s and our nation’s economy at risk, as well as the livelihoods of thousands of federal workers—before he realizes this is not a game? … We adopted Gina from @RichmondSPCA the day after the Governor’s race in 05. She passed on yesterday and Anne and I buried her this morning. An amazing pet—so many good memories, including this pic from last Christmas. Warm fire, Hokie blanket & the biggest stocking on the mantle!pic.twitter.com/v4i8hcp4lr Our beloved family dog Gina passed away yesterday at 16 years. Tim and I buried her this morning. She came into our lives on Wednesday, November 9, 2005. We had told our kids we would get a dog “after Election Day”—which to them meant the next morning, so off to the SPCA we went. The President alone should not be allowed to jeopardize Americans' safety by ending our international alliances. We need this new, bipartisan law because NATO is more important than ever - as President Trump calls our allies "foes" while cozying up to adversaries like Russia. … I just told Secretary Pompeo that it's really alarming to see Russian media reporting on Trump's agreements with Putin - while Congress and even much of the administration itself remain in the dark.  We need answers on what Trump gave away to Putin in private in Helsinki. Let’s be clear: This is another warning sign that Trump is blundering toward war with Iran. And that should alarm us all. … Virginia young voter surge! Still time to register for pivotal 2018 elections. Go here to do it - and find out out how to build the #BlueWave:  … … Today, I debated my opponent for the first time. He promised to "kick Tim Kaine's teeth in" -- but instead, he put his foot in his own mouth. … I’ve debated a lot in my life—from my time in the courtroom as a civil rights lawyer to my time as Governor—each time, my focus has been on helping people and making things fairer. Today won’t be any different. Catch highlights at @TeamKaine or watch live:  #MoscowMidterms … The fish rots from the head. … This is simply false. Directly contradicted by DNI Coats, who just sounded the alarm about Russia's "ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy."   I'll take Dan Coats' word over Putin's any day. … And he can backtrack later: “I meant that there WASN’T no collusion.” … I keep hoping that maybe, just maybe, we will all find out soon that the Helsinki summit was actually just a Sacha Baron Cohen episode. 200,000 people—mostly health professionals—rely on this database each month, yet Trump’s administration is eliminating it, citing budget cuts.  So they “care” about deficits when it helps sabotage health care, but not when tax cuts for big corporations add $1.5 trillion in debt? … Just yesterday, a Russian tied to the NRA was arrested for conspiracy to influence our politics - another reminder that this fight to protect Americans is ongoing.  Trump's comments today are so alarming because he's dismissing it all while future elections remain at risk. What we saw today from President Trump isn't just disgraceful; it makes Americans less safe. By siding with a hostile foreign power over American law enforcement, he is jeopardizing our future national security and emboldening our enemies. This is a sad, shameful moment for our great nation.  We will reclaim our values and reassert our global leadership. We'll turn the page on this dark chapter. But it won't happen on its own. We all must stand up—to side with U.S. law enforcement and to protect all Americans. "Watching this administration tear up a diplomatic deal with Iran, use increasingly belligerent rhetoric about that nation, and assert that it can wage war without coming to Congress leads me to sound an alarm," warns @timkaine:  More indictments prove, yet again, that hostile Russian actors targeted Americans with sophisticated crimes in 2016. This investigation must continue—unobstructed—to keep protecting Americans, safeguarding future elections, and holding criminals responsible for their actions. This was a lot of fun, and we covered a lot - from my musical coming of age (thanks @TheWho), to my old folk band "The Tennessee Valley Authority," to Virginia's amazing place in the music scene (from @lucydacus to @MissyElliott), to @stabenow's college band! … Projecting much? … Here's what I'm wondering about the #SCOTUSpick:  Will Judge Kavanaugh respect rulings to uphold the ACA? Will he safeguard ALL Americans' civil rights? Will he protect women's freedom to make their own reproductive health care decisions? Will he be independent of this President? A shocking example of this Administration weakening America’s global reputation. … This nominee also must be scrutinized for whether they will be a sufficiently independent Justice. Someone too loyal to a President who says he has the power to pardon himself and whose extreme actions may very well crowd the Supreme Court docket would be a major warning sign. We need to know:  Will you uphold the ACA, as prior rulings have? Pre-existing conditions may land on the docket.  Do you respect precedent on a woman’s constitutional freedom to make her own reproductive health decisions?  Will you respect equality protections for all Americans? I will meet with the #SCOTUS nominee to ask them important questions... The most important nomination the Senate considers is to the Supreme Court. The appointment is for life, and the Court’s decisions are hard to change and very consequential. A nominee should have a sufficient record to enable the public to know what kind of Justice they will be. Some thoughts on #SCOTUS ahead of President Trump’s expected naming of a nominee: When you mock John McCain... And George H.W. Bush... And Senator Tester... And Senator Warren... And the #MeToo movement... And NATO... And your own Justice Department...  But then say “Putin’s fine”  I can’t help but ask: President Trump, are you okay? … Joined @LeslieCockburn, @JenniferForVA and @flacc4congress out on the trail today - I’ve now campaigned with 10/11 Dems running for Congress in VA this week. (Sorry @DonBeyerVA!)  From SWVA to Lynchburg to Cville, we are ready to win in Nov as a team!  #VA05 #VA06 #VA09pic.twitter.com/z0w3VioEin And Kim Jong Un sends back a copy of Green Day’s “American Idiot.” … Good piece about Trump's stupid trade war. His steel & aluminum tariffs will likely add 30k jobs in certain industries over the next 3 years but cost 430,000 American jobs in others.  Who is the war against? American farmers and workers. … What a day campaigning with The Jennifers - our amazing congressional candidates in #VA10 @JenniferWexton and #VA06 @JenniferForVA. From Winchester to Harrisonburg to Roanoke, Dems are united—with hundreds showing up ready to make Virginia the front of the Blue Wave in November!pic.twitter.com/5kXbSnawtU Does the EPA fine people for unauthorized draining of swamps? … What an incredible start to the day out in Winchester with a packed coffee shop of supporters! So proud to be sharing a ticket with @timkaine and I look forward to the work we will do to help all Virginians in Congress. #VA10pic.twitter.com/3USvsbT2Fl On Independence Day, I can’t help but think about the founding values of our country - the ones we pass along to our kids. All of us are created equal, with a right to liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That’s the North Star we chase.  #FourthofJuly2018pic.twitter.com/s19nIidJpG Team Kaine (and @AnneHolton and I) is hitting the Fairfax and Dale City parades today to celebrate #July4th   Here’s a sneak preview:   … Team Kaine stopping for lunch at Pierce’s Pitt BBQ in Williamsburg today. For once, I got to be the one taking the picture!pic.twitter.com/JU0fFZeJNM Hey EPA director—how about protecting the environment rather than your bank account? … As we approach the 4th of July, I wanted to share this article from the smartest Holton (my history professor brother, @woodyholtonusc) on a very important topic.  …? Great to be back at @CROCSVaBeach and to join @timkaine, @LRNow, & @MothersOutFront to discuss how important protecting our environment is to the families, economy, and future of #VA02pic.twitter.com/tDmdYkOdqe I’ve been having a great time campaigning with our amazing congressional candidates across Virginia the past few days.  @ElaineLuriaVA, @SpanbergerVA07, @Vangie4Congress and of course @BobbyScott are such strong voices for an inclusive Virginia and dynamic economy!  Ready to win!pic.twitter.com/9VRdg9JjZ0 Today I rallied with hundreds of Virginians in Richmond to voice a simple message: #FamiliesBelongTogether.  The Trump administration needs to answer for why 2,000+ kids remain separated from their parents thanks to their cruel policy.pic.twitter.com/ARafLl5dFQ We have massive inequities in our criminal justice system and we’ve over-incarcerated too many Americans – especially in communities of color – for low-level drug offenses. We have to do something about that. This bill is a good place to start. … An American newsroom should never feel "like a war zone." This is awful. My heart breaks for Virginia's neighbors in Maryland, as more senselessly die from another act of gun violence. Grateful for first responders' actions at the scene. … The Constitution is clear: With SCOTUS, both the President and Senate have roles in this process.   The GOP was clear: In an election year, the people also get a voice in this process.  So the people need to choose their Senate in November before we give consent to any nominee. Thank you @GiffordsCourage for your support -- I am proud to stand with you in the fight against gun violence. Your advocacy and voice are critical to us finally taking action to prevent more senseless deaths. … Big day - we unanimously (and finally) updated #PerkinsCTE. I've called for this action for years, and today's legislation, backed by Ds & Rs, includes pieces of 3 of my bills to improve quality and access to career and tech education. Will help prepare students for good jobs! … Disappointed by SCOTUS. Trump's intentions were clear: stoke fear and perpetuate stereotypes. Discrimination based on religion or national origin doesn't make us safer; it undermines our values.  Congress must pass legislation to revoke this ban. … My opponent shares his views on an issue he is bizarrely obsessed with—saying that the Civil War wasn’t about slavery! My campaign is about jobs, health care and education for today’s Virginians. Is it 1861 or 2018? … The Trump tariffs are killing U.S. jobs. A trade war with our closest allies continues to make no sense. … .@TimKaine and I are demanding answers about what’s going on at this facility in Staunton. … Trump's order leaves us with more questions than answers:  How to ensure kids are safely returned to parents? When? Where are they being held? In what conditions? What care are they getting?  We'll keep asking because, lord knows, we can't trust this administration on its face. Deeply troubled by this report. We need answers on what happened at this facility, and my staff and I are going to demand them. … President Trump's "action" today did not end this administration's heartlessness when it comes to families at the border.   If they're not going to lift a finger to reunite these kids with their parents, then we -- all of us -- will stay outraged until they do.pic.twitter.com/rVdHKazeH0 My thoughts on the situation at the border...  I've been to neighborhoods where gangs prey on children and seen parents' anguish. To them, their kids' lives are worth the dangerous trek to America, where they seek peace.  Now, they're ending up in cages. … .@TimKaine and I are demanding answers about the Trump Administration’s #FamilySeparation policy. We’ve signed on to legislation to end this cruel practice, and we’re not going to let up until this ends. #KeepFamiliesTogetherpic.twitter.com/gdZ2b9QPFj The Old Testament instructs the faithful: “When a foreigner resides among you in your land, do not mistreat them... Love them as yourself, for you were foreigners.” A lesson for us all on this #WorldRefugeeDay.  How we treat those fleeing violence and poverty shows our values. What we’re seeing at the border is cruel and goes against our values.  If you’re looking for a way to stop it, consider giving to one of the groups doing important work right now to help kids and families on the border.  Retweet to spread the word. … Today in 1865 our nation took a tremendous step towards becoming a more perfect union. Celebrating #Juneteenth reminds us of how far we’ve come and inspires us to continue to strive for true equality and justice. … The administration’s current family separation policy is an affront to the decency of the American people, and contrary to principles and values upon which our nation was founded. The administration has the power to rescind this policy. It should do so now. The real Trump Hotel.pic.twitter.com/PP6nIbzNQR A great #FathersDay.  Church this AM with Anne, my Marine son Nat coming home to Richmond for lunch, calling my Dad, my other 2 kids Woody and Annella checking in long distance, then finishing with @U2 in DC on Songs of Innocence and Experience Tour. I love U2 and William Blake!pic.twitter.com/TL0oqTRTvA On this #FathersDay, put your dad in your mind’s eye. Or your son or daughter.  Now imagine them being ripped away from you.  Families seeking refuge in America—right now—are being torn apart by this administration. Is this who we are?  #KeepFamiliesTogether … My week: Trump tweets that I am a “total stiff.” But he called Kim Jong Un a “very talented man.” I’ll take it!  Happy (almost) Father's Day to all the dads and dad jokers out there. Even if your jokes aren't appreciated, you certainly are!pic.twitter.com/KTeY8FgE5V Honored to be a part of this day of joy and celebration for the Muslim community. As you end your Ramadan month of fasting, reflection and extra charity - Eid Mubarak!pic.twitter.com/y2ggD3HqXG A heartfelt piece about 2 people who met working for me in 2005. I have officiated at 14 weddings of staffers and former staffers. Great to bring people together! … New low: AG cites the Bible to support ripping kids away from their parents.  Wrong on Scripture—“suffer little children to come unto me.”  Wrong on the law—NOTHING requires this separation. … For those wanting to know about my Senate opponent, take a look at his latest bit of wisdom.   An empty bucket rattles the loudest. I’ll skip the teeth-kicking and keep serving Virginians.pic.twitter.com/AyxZwxWXru Well, I have an opponent.  He has stoked the fires of bigotry in Virginia. He's underfunded public schools and health care. He vows to run a "vicious" campaign against me.  That's not what we need. It's not who we are.  Take a stand with me:  It’s time for #BlueWave2018.  @TimKaine& @VangieWilliams& @ElaineLuriaVA& @BobbyScott4VA3& @Donald_McEachin& @LeslieCockburn& @JenniferForVA& @SpanbergerVA07& @DonBeyerVA& @flacc4Congress& @JenniferWexton& @GerryConnolly  Join this team and make it happen:  pic.twitter.com/HTu6FGUlyH Help!! Who knows how to photoshop a burger into this??pic.twitter.com/7LQJNK12MK So the administration is now suggesting the CANADIAN LEADER, one of our closest allies, should be condemned to the worst form of eternal damnation?? Talk about thin skinned. These paper tigers like to dish it but just can’t take it. … A sad day—we’ve lost a magnificent musician. “Bare Trees” is one of the best LPs ever and Danny Kirwan’s soulful playing was remarkable. … To all the Virginians (and everyone) participating in #Pride this weekend, thank you for sharing your voice and celebrating equality. Equality has always been America’s North Star. We’ve fallen short in our pursuit of it at times. But together let’s keep chasing it. Happy #Pride … Letting Russia into the G-7 would be like inviting Gallagher to join you at the farmer’s market.pic.twitter.com/BVeMrMsBr3 Are the Caps the best team in the NHL? OVIously!pic.twitter.com/7F0JUBZAPm This story shows how this Administration is betraying American values with its shocking treatment of children seeking refuge from violence. … I've long said we should eliminate superdelegates – so ahead of a big DNC meeting Friday, I'm glad to see support gathering (including from @TomPerez) for this proposal that makes our nominating process more fair and democratic. … So many Virginians will now get access to health care. This is what happens when Democrats win, and when people committed to doing the right thing come together to help their constituents. We need more of that these days! … I am so proud to work for @timkaine, a leader who believes deeply in treating every person equally and embracing the strength of our diversity. His campaign website is now available in 4 languages: English, Spanish, Korean and Vietnamese! #TK4VA #MyFirstTweetpic.twitter.com/rPl9g7hg0W Thank you, @NRDC_AF! … Sen. Tim Kaine is an environmental champion who fights for healthy families & a safe environment. He is a tireless advocate for Virginians, and all Americans, who are harmed by pollution & rising sea levels, and we're proud to endorse him for re-election.  …pic.twitter.com/pPrGVJJwFa "Some 400,000 jobs will be lost, with 16 losses for every job created" by President Trump's tariffs – it's not enough that his tariffs could raise prices – but they may cost Americans jobs too: … Freedom to Rise: June 5, 1798.  Exactly 220 years ago today, Simon Fairfax was freed from slavery in Virginia.  Today, his great-great-great grandson is Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.  #WeRiseTogether #SpiritualWealth #FreedomToRisepic.twitter.com/RIDzB6eIxw After last night’s win, here’s my prediction for Thursday:pic.twitter.com/QLp9iZK12P This might surprise some people but I think this is the most polite White House in history. They’re always saying “pardon me.” I REALLY HOPE THE CAPS WIN TONIGHT. (Is that how this #ALLCAPS thing works?) Virginia voters showed up big time in 2017 and now we are able to expand Medicaid to 400,000 more people. Good turnout in 2018 can lead to similar gains in jobs, health care and education. We've shown we can resist - now let's also show we can ADVANCE! … Upwards of 400,000 Virginians will have access to health care after this momentous week in Virginia. I am so proud of @RalphNortham.pic.twitter.com/EF8lOCNc8V There’s only one way to greet a Governor the first time you see him after he expanded Medicaid!!pic.twitter.com/yj9M3G6vk0 Thank you @LCVoters! … We #WearOrange because far too many can’t today - their lives were taken by gun violence. In our schools and streets. Across all communities, in all states. We show our support for addressing this problem to send the gun lobby and their allies a message: ENOUGH is ENOUGH. From the team that brought you Celebrity Apprentice....  It’s Celebrity Cronyism! … The #spellingbee finals are tonight, so here’s a #tbt to 2013 when I had some fun at a bee myself (and somehow won). From hyperbole to anachronism to radicchio, they came at me with words these @ScrippsBee kids would breeze through. Can’t wait to see tonight’s winning word!pic.twitter.com/IleDdjKUbQ “Wait—what do you believe? What I said at the time or what I am tweeting now a year later after waking up in a cold sweat?” … I don’t know about you, but occasionally I like to crack open a cold one on a hot day. President Trump’s aluminum tariffs may raise the price of beer, just as we head into summer—costing you more at the store, and hurting the U.S. economy. … Big Democratic turnout in 2017 = health insurance for 400,000 more Virginians.   Can we do it again in 2018? To the 23 Senators who voted yes: thank you. You are doing right by your constituents and the Commonwealth. Now, we can finally expand coverage to hundreds of thousands of Virginians who need it. … BIG NEWS: The Virginia Senate just voted to move forward on Medicaid expansion! The bipartisan vote is a long-overdue step towards giving hundreds of thousands of Virginians access to health care. Now, let's get it done! Roll Tide, Doug! … Medicaid expansion is a no-brainer - it gives millions access to care, grows the economy and creates jobs, and states that don't do it leave funding on the table.  Opposition has rapidly become a sign of rigid ideologues telling their constituents: "Don't come to me for help." … Getting off a plane today, a flight attendant put a small white bag in my hand and simply said “thanks.” I was intrigued! When I took a look later, I found this sweet note and an energy snack kit inside! The kindness of strangers... #BeGoodToOneAnotherpic.twitter.com/RN7mVRs1zU President Trump's immigration policies tear families apart, leaving innocent children hurt and alone. It's heartless and we shouldn't tolerate it - that's why I'm sponsoring legislation to protect kids separated from their parents by immigration authorities. I love parades. Happy Memorial Day from Portsmouth, Virginia!! pic.twitter.com/CoDpjnJBQI On this #MemorialDay, as many of us enjoy precious time with friends and family, let’s all remember those who gave the ultimate sacrifice so we may be free. To the families of those we’ve lost: we are eternally grateful for your sacrifice and the service of your loved ones.  As I worshipped in Hampton Roads this morning, I couldn’t help but consider how Scripture commands compassionate treatment of migrants and refugees. Yet this administration is separating kids from their parents and unable to account for 1,500 lost children! Shame. … Great to be out on the trail in Hampton Roads this weekend!! … Federal workers will not be made the scapegoats for this administration’s incompetence and mismanagement. These are civil servants trying to serve their country and help others. Attacking them is a cheap political stunt. … Sign of the times - school shootings are so normalized that *this* is what a parent of kids at the MIDDLE school in Indiana had to say about the shooting there: “This happens in high school, not here.”  It shouldn’t happen in ANY school!   …pic.twitter.com/XN8NS5Tu82 Twitter world: I am proud to introduce you to the newest Virginia municipality - “Capitalsville.”  Its primary exports are enthusiastic cheer and rabid hockey fandom that (I believe) will deliver a forthcoming Stanley Cup.  VIRGINIA IS #ALLCAPS! … At home this evening and this picture caught my eye. Hard to believe it’s been 35 years since @AnneHolton and I graduated @Harvard_Law - what a wild ride it’s been!pic.twitter.com/MSaEBHQSEL This year, I'm especially proud that some of the proposals I've pushed for were included in #FY19NDAA, like addressing military spouse unemployment, increasing support for shipbuilding (much of which is based in Virginia), and giving our servicemembers a pay raise. Every now and then, the Senate can work like it's supposed to. The bipartisan passage of the #FY19NDAA in the Armed Services Committee, on which I sit, exemplifies how we can work together to make our country stronger and move us forward. Thank you, @MineWorkers! I am proud to fight for you, your health care and pensions, and for economic development and investment in your communities. … With the sad news about Philip Roth’s passing, I suggest reading American Pastoral, The Human Stain, The Plot Against America, Nemesis. Beautiful, expansive, complex books about who we are. Find out if you can renew your #DACA TODAY! United We Dream has put a list of resources for you to figure out if you qualify to renew. #HereToStay Visit  pic.twitter.com/905UOMyFej Not only is this rank corruption but it threatens U.S. foreign policy.  We're in dangerous territory when a country can buy its way into the Oval Office. … Last night's election results showed Dems are energized, sure. But they also proved we're elevating needed voices into leadership. The first black woman nominated for Governor in America. The first Latina for Texas Governor. Women veterans. LGBTQ women.  Proud to be a Democrat. Senator Kaine vows to fight for military veterans, spouses  pic.twitter.com/EayPjxA76N I am so proud of @SindyBenavides! An amazing Latina leader who started her public service path on Team Kaine. Venceremos! … A victory for equality. … Meetings. Did some interviews with Virginia media. Some Armed Services and HELP committee work.  The usual.  You?  … Too real. … Thank you @SierraClub and @VASierraClub! I will never stop fighting to protect our environment and standing up against the climate deniers seeking to undo all our progress. … This is heartbreaking - no child should face bullying or cruelty like this just for speaking up.  To all the kids out there who feel voiceless and alone: don’t. Plenty of us gun owners and 2A supporters are with you in demanding action on gun violence.   …pic.twitter.com/WIQepQHCmV Thank you, @kelly_clarkson. The NRA doesn’t just want a “moment of silence,” they want decades of silence and a nation of silence. But our children deserve ACTION to reduce gun violence. … As a lawyer, I sued to stop discrimination and hold companies accountable.  As a senator, I'm appalled that SCOTUS just made it easier for companies to allow discrimination toward workers.  Another reminder that we must take back the Senate. … Dream job: bandleader on @BarackObama's late night show.  I'd be his @paulshaffer any day. … You’re right on one front, @OliverLNorth: these kids aren’t the problem.  They’re the solution.  To problems sown by the NRA and its allies.  And what they’d really like to make “go away” are your desperate and shameful attempts to blame gun violence on everything but guns. … We have to do more to help those suffering from addiction. Powerful conversation yesterday at the Chesterfield jail. Their heroin addiction recovery program is innovative—but these folks shouldn’t have to go to jail to get help. I’ll keep fighting to increase access to treatment.pic.twitter.com/0Vc5JzycvK 22 school shootings in 2018.  3 in the last week.  How many times must our hearts break hearing news like this - this time in Texas, at #SantaFeHighSchool?   This has to stop. These partisan attacks on Planned Parenthood—which provides basic health care to more than 8,000 people a day—are dangerous. Women (and men, frankly) will get less care if this happens. We have to fight back to protect Americans’ access to health care. … Glad @timkaine and @markwarner are pushing for action to address the double-digit health insurance rate increases Virginians are anticipating. We know premiums are 7% lower in states that have already expanded Medicaid, and Virginia should join them. … We Democrats should also be proud of the way @TomPerez has led this thorough reform effort - earnestly bringing together people from every corner of our party to make us stronger. We have such a bright future ahead! I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: we Democrats should get rid of superdelegates once and for all. Let’s have our party live up to its name. … We just voted to keep the internet FREE and OPEN! Big win for #NetNeutrality in the Senate, thanks to you raising your voices.  Now, let's turn the pressure on the House! Given the NRA's ubiquitous presence in U.S. elections, it should alarm every American that the bipartisan Senate Intelligence Committee has concluded that "the Kremlin used the National Rifle Association" to influence the 2016 election. … From @washingtonpost Ed Board: “Compassionate & realistic” health care proposals exist. One of them is #MedicareX, my plan w/ @timkaine to create a public option that provides quality & affordable insurance with the ultimate goal of universal coverage. … As #Ramadan begins tonight, I want to wish all who observe a blessed and peaceful month. Ramadan Mubarak! Richmond’s own Tom Wolfe was a staggering talent. I met him once and never will forget it. Sorry to hear today’s news of his passing. … Everyone in Northern Virginia: please take every precaution and be safe as extreme weather covers the region tonight! Follow your local news and weather for updates. … Cancer: prepare to meet the same fate as those young men Harry TKO'd as an amateur boxer. He's a fighter, and you don't know who you're messing with.  Praying for you, Harry! … We over-incarcerate in America—exploding the prison population, and undermining faith in our criminal justice system. We can protect communities while ensuring mandatory minimums don't unfairly punish people. I'm proud to cosponsor the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act. Here's a little Mother's Day Monday Morning Moment of Zen -- from a walk with @AnneHolton in New York yesterday, while we were visiting our daughter there!pic.twitter.com/wjHIcprYAH Some of the best advice my mom Kathy ever gave me is: "If you want to be right, be a pessimist. If you want to do right, be an optimist." Let that be a lesson for us all to live by!  #HappyMothersDay everybody!pic.twitter.com/PmzP7l1Y1o Can't wait to rock out with @tommy_stinson, founder of @bashnpop, at this great benefit for Little League tonight!  As they sing, "I might change my life, might change my hair, might change my clothes—anything could happen."pic.twitter.com/Wq5lX5YypJ Military spouses make sacrifices every day to support our troops. We’ve got to do all that we can to support them—like passing the bills I’ve introduced to reduce military spouse unemployment. Let’s show them how grateful we are for their service.  #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay Gina Haspel's role in the CIA's use of torture was neither minor nor incidental. For example, she personally wrote a cable ordering the destruction of videotape evidence of CIA torture despite knowing administration officials hadn't approved such an act. That's disturbing. Among the many casualties of the war on terror was the moral judgment of those in government complicit in the use of torture. Gina Haspel was one of them. Like @SenJohnMcCain, I am gravely concerned by her failure to condemn torture as immoral. I will be opposing her nomination. Sen.@timkaine's provisions to "America's Water Infrastructure Act" may be the first step in saving Tangier Island and coastal communities. … When my dad ran for governor in 1969, 16-year-old Joann in Grayson County created a scrapbook of his campaign for a high school project (and by the way, she got an A+). This week, she sent it to us - what an amazing artifact! So many memories!pic.twitter.com/lzoWAX3D0Y "There are a variety of factors feeding the rising costs... The most immediate is that the administration under President Donald Trump cut cost-sharing reduction payments..."  Make no mistake: these harmful efforts to undo the ACA will jack up costs for countless families. … We like to say thanks when elected officials do things that help veterans. Today, we thank @MarkWarner & @timkaine for securing $61 million for new state veteran homes in Vint Hills and Virginia Beach. Great job! … attn news-seekers on twitter: @timkaine’s instagram is where you find the inside scoop on extremely important meetings. exhibit a pictured below. you can’t afford not to follow:  pic.twitter.com/UJLswAZjyb Good question. I actually have new, bipartisan legislation to prevent the president from unilaterally starting a war against another country like Iran. I hope we get a vote on it soon. … Hang on.  1) The Iran deal *explicitly* precluded Iran from developing a nuke.  2) Trump unilaterally just blew up that deal.  3) Now he’s threatening what I assume is military action if they do what he just gave them an easier ability to do?  Is he cheerleading a war? … Sen. @timkaine addresses #MOAA members during the 34th annual #Virginia Congressional Delegation Luncheon. MOAA members hold the luncheon to thank their congressional leaders for their support of the #military, retirees & #familiespic.twitter.com/WII4OgwHmH Today we’re filing a petition to force a vote to save #NetNeutrality. Every Dem Senator + @SenatorCollins supports it.  If your GOP senator is NOT named Susan Collins, call the Senate switchboard (202) 224-3121, ask for 'em & tell 'em to support it too! We only need #OneMoreVote! The Iran deal states that “under no circumstances will Iran ever seek, develop, or acquire any nuclear weapons.” Why would President Trump blow up this deal and free Iran of that obligation? What is he thinking? … .@CSGV is proud to endorse our friend and ally @timkaine for reelection to the US Senate.   Kaine has repeatedly beaten @NRA in their own backyard.  His strong stance against the gun lobby’s toxic agenda make him the champion that #Virginia deserves.   …pic.twitter.com/ybPq2WGqjn Students continue to lead the conversation on gun violence prevention - today, they offered their thoughts at a roundtable that @pwcdanica and I co-hosted. It’s on us to listen to what they say, and take action.pic.twitter.com/g1oRhVzMS3 – bei Manassas Park High School Flashback to my teaching days - this morning I got to co-teach a government class at @ForestParkHSVA with their fantastic teacher, Shannon. A great way to kick off Teacher Appreciation Week! #ThankATeacherVApic.twitter.com/v5yUVvN9Ji We can be critical of the government of Iran or any nation and take steps - like sanctions - to punish dangerous leaders.  But the U.S. has no right to change the regime of any country! … I gave the commencement address at Radford University yesterday - but the story of the day was 62 year-old graduate Robert Pringle. Semper Fi Robert! … Our country opened its arms to these Hondurans seeking refuge and they’ve made endless contributions to our culture and economy. Now, they’re being forced to leave and return to dangerous conditions in Honduras. Another inhumane immigration decision from this Administration. I'll take "Tough Choices" for $1000, Alex. … We can't let up in our efforts to stop widespread sexual harassment. Thank you to @campaign_purple for spreading the word with #CAANow. Check out their tool to speak out on this issue - the time is now: … VP showing comedic chops. Speaker at next year’s WHCD? … To the White House Correspondents Association: if you’re looking for a new kind of “Standup” Comedy for next year’s dinner, I may know a guy... We can see if he’s cut out for it. Entirely possible he folds under the pressure.pic.twitter.com/sgt23xtBOA Op-ed from Sen. Tim Kaine: Congress must take away Trump’s unlimited authority to wage war  I'm heartened to see the progress between South Korea and North Korea today. Dialogue and robust diplomacy are key, as I wrote for @CNN in January. I hope it continues. … I voted against an anti-science person to head a science agency.  I voted against an anti-education person to head an education agency.  And I voted against an anti-diplomacy person to be chief diplomat.  Concerned by this confirmation but hope he learns diplomacy's value. Quick. … I was so impressed by the career and technical education program at @HenricoSchools. This is the auto class! Sen. @TimKaine introduced a bill to attract more #CTE teachers. MORE:  pic.twitter.com/KmF9BLjzYN Senator McConnell: this came out of committee with a bipartisan, two-thirds majority vote. Democrats and Republicans agree: we need to protect the rule of law and ensure Mueller can see this investigation through.  Why block this? … All these court rulings on DACA can be confusing. Here’s what you need to know:  If you already have DACA status, you CAN renew it. No NEW applications can be accepted yet. None of this will be permanently fixed until Congress acts - we need to pass a #DreamActNow! Mandela’s words ring true: “A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones.” … As I listen to French President Macron address Congress, I'm struck that it's the same day that the Supreme Court will hear the Muslim travel ban case. The French people recognized the U.S. as a nation of immigrants when they gifted us the Statue of Liberty. Today I introduced my bipartisan Creating Quality Technical Educators Act w/@TimKaine @SenCapito & @SenatorBaldwin. Career and technical education is a vital part of our education system and this bill will address the CTE teacher shortage in #schools   I have serious concerns about the situation along the Mountain Valley Pipeline route. Many are rallying to #StandWithRed, frustrated about having their land seized. We need to reform FERC’s flawed process on projects like these and give communities a real say in these decisions.pic.twitter.com/21JYIJKxiC Proud to celebrate the first ever Barbara Johns Day today in Virginia. She was a pioneer and a patriot who wouldn’t take no for an answer when it came to a proper education for herself and her classmates. ‘And a little child shall lead them.’ … Special election TOMORROW in #AZ08 - Democrat @hiral4congress is neck-and-neck in a district Trump won by 20+! She’s a mom, a physician, and a longtime health care advocate.  Let’s send her all the support she needs to get out the vote!  DONATE:  …pic.twitter.com/sOdtvzGRGR I spent my Saturday in Louisa, Manassas, Fairfax and Arlington and I can tell you this: Dems are fired up and ready to deliver big wins across Virginia in November!  pic.twitter.com/s6CRVNmMTP April is Jazz Appreciation Month. Celebrate by listening to Sonny Rollins’ Blue 7.   Great way to start your Friday!  I am asking President Trump to provide his legal rationale for striking Syria.  Without congressional approval, it seems clear that these strikes were illegal. Congress has the constitutional power to authorize war, not the executive.   Trump owes us an explanation.pic.twitter.com/haiY2NKHAv 39 senators. That’s the most ever—in all of American history—to formally call for the resignation of a Cabinet-level official.  That’s how bad Scott Pruitt is — for the EPA, for taxpayers, for our country.  It’s time to #BootPruitt, President Trump. … We reduced the veterans' unemployment rate because there was a patriotic desire to confront it. We need the same patriotic mentality about military spouses, who too often struggle to find work.  Watch the full @CBSThisMorning segment here:  …pic.twitter.com/wVSljeXlYb Barbara Bush’s wit, wisdom, and devotion to her family and our country earned her the admiration of millions, and her literacy efforts improved countless lives and will continue to do so for generations. @AnneHolton and I offer our condolences to the Bush family tonight. Why do we require Congress rather than the Executive to start war?  “[M]onarchs will often make war when their nations are to get nothing by it, but for the purposes and objects merely personal, such as ... revenge for personal affronts.” —Federalist No. 4 For too long, Congress has given Presidents a blank check to wage war. It’s time for that to stop.  We’ve introduced a new plan—Democrats and Republicans—to reassert Congress’ authority to authorize where, when, and with who we are at war.  Read it here:  … Liviu Librescu survived the Holocaust as a young boy.   Decades later, he lost his life to senseless gun violence as a professor at Virginia Tech.   Sen. Tim Kaine is telling his story through tears because it must be told.pic.twitter.com/NphYeh0mUS 11 years ago today was the worst day of my life, when we lost 32 innocent lives at Virginia Tech in what was then the worst mass shooting in U.S. history.  So many “worst mass shootings” have happened since, but the same forces keep blocking meaningful action. Enough is enough.pic.twitter.com/1iGAsmjiRc As Mr. Fogerty sang, doo doo doo, lookin’ out my back door. Happy Sunday - and Spring!pic.twitter.com/z17ZnKm854 In case you ever wondered... Here’s what I see when I appear on @FaceTheNation from the @wcve studio in Richmond’s General Assembly building.  TV, so glamorous.pic.twitter.com/bLocxzOZfi Now more than ever, we need a Secretary of State who will stand strong for vigorous diplomacy, not exacerbate President Trump’s proclivity towards conflict. Unfortunately, Mike Pompeo has often demonstrated a similar disposition against diplomacy, so I will oppose his nomination. If President Trump really cared about Syria’s humanitarian crisis..... … Of course citizen Trump said President Obama couldn’t strike Syria without congressional approval—but now President Trump doesn’t think he needs Congress.  “I just can’t wait to be king!”pic.twitter.com/7JignYnE4G Trump’s decision to launch airstrikes against Syria without Congress’s approval is illegal. We need to stop giving presidents a blank check to wage war. Today it’s Syria, but what’s going to stop him from bombing Iran or North Korea next? He helped found our nation and a small school in Charlottesville. Happy 275th birthday to Thomas Jefferson - Virginian, noted vanilla ice cream fan, and inventor of the swivel chair, among other things. On today's @AM2DM: We're talking to Senator Tim Kaine and Sally Kohn  … President Trump resurrects long forgotten case—set to pardon former WH aide convicted of obstructing justice. Seems like he’s sending a message to current WH staff worried about investigation of Trump obstruction: “Scratch my back and I’ll scratch yours.” … I wouldn’t challenge him to a snowball fight but I’m glad to welcome him to Virginia! Thanks for coming out to Alexandria tonight to support my campaign, @CoryBooker! (And thanks for taking the selfie. You are the pro, after all.)pic.twitter.com/zf0Uc2GGmA The message is clear: there’s growing consensus that we need to act to #ProtectMueller — and we need to do it now. This isn’t partisan. Democrats and Republicans know that Mueller should be allowed to finish his investigation without obstruction. … Instead of sabotaging our health care system because you couldn’t pass repeal, if you want to help Americans get more choices for lower costs, why not start with passing a real public option to give everyone access to an insurance plan? Seems like a no-brainer. … Happy 50th birthday to the #FairHousingAct. As a civil rights attorney, I know the FHA is every bit as important now as it was the day it passed in 1968. 15 months in, and the Trump administration has no Syria strategy. Threats, tweets, one off strikes are not a strategy. Baiting Russia is not a strategy. This is why Congress needs to reassert control over war powers. … We need to pass legislation to #ProtectMueller right away. … Assad should face consequences for his atrocities, but Trump is a president, not a king - he needs to come to Congress if he wants to initiate military action. If he strikes Syria without our approval, what’s to stop him from bombing North Korea or Iran? … On #EqualPayDay today, remember these dates. The pay gap is far wider for women of color as compared to White, non-Hispanic men and moms as compared to dads. #EqualPay  pic.twitter.com/NLXSENB33N So we’re asking thousands of troops to leave home and deploy to the border so they can ... clear brush? … President Trump won’t call out Russia for attacking the U.S. election but calls a warranted search of his lawyer’s office an “attack on our country.” What country is he referring to? … It's long past time for Scott Pruitt to go. I opposed his nomination because I knew he'd gut environmental protections from the very agency tasked with executing them. But his ethical lapses and misuse of taxpayer resources are the last straw. Americans deserve better. How do you close out a 23-city, 6-day, nonstop campaign launch? By calling in an order to Fat Dragon, my favorite Chinese spot in Richmond: Ginger salad, firecracker shrimp, chili dumplings, and green bean stir fry. #TreatYourself   See you Monday, Eastern Shore! When you get a crowd of this size in Harrisonburg on a rainy Saturday, it tells you two things.  1) Virginians are unified behind a progressive message of building a state and a country that works for all.  2) Virginians are ready for @timkaine.pic.twitter.com/Yk5W0cArlE Pour me one! See you soon, Harrisonburg.  #NationalBeerDay … I continue to grow more and more impressed by @timkaine.  I was one of those 425+ people there at this campaign kickoff and I fully support his vision for a Virginia for all! … Wow what a way to start Day 6 of our campaign kickoff tour across Virginia - 425+ Northern Virginians at a rally in Alexandria. I’m so humbled to see all these friends come out in support of my vision of a Virginia For All!pic.twitter.com/r2ZkfbM3Y6 Need a hip or knee replacement? What about birth control or a vaccine? How about a filling for a cavity? If so, Trump’s tariffs may jack up prices for each. We’re only just beginning to see how far-reaching the harmful consequences of this policy are.  Day 5 of my campaign kickoff in the books - from Loudoun to Fairfax, Prince William, and the Northern Neck. Virginia has grown because we’ve embraced the future: education, infrastructure, immigration, inclusion, innovation. We could use more of all that these days.pic.twitter.com/BqcQQi0nko It was a pleasure to join our incredible Senator @timkaine for important discussions on good jobs, healthcare, education, and equality for ALL Virginians.pic.twitter.com/kBpiL40C3L if you’re not following @timkaine on instagram, you’re truly missing out - bitmojis, harmonica, polls, selfies, boomerangs - once you pop, the fun don’t stop   pic.twitter.com/M1VZUHjLQK Just toured IKEA’s Danville manufacturing plant. Asked if the tariffs worry them. They’re ok for now, but because they import a lot of raw materials, they’re concerned about what’s to come. We have to stop this rash policy before it hurts even more U.S. businesses and workers.pic.twitter.com/f5fNO67ky1 Who’s gonna get slammed by the Trump tariffs? Virginia farmers! Agriculture is our largest private industry: we produce some of the best soybeans, pork, apples and wine and sell them across the world. Our economy and so many jobs at risk because of this. … “People living with disabilities, serious illness, and the frailty of old age are bracing to lose caregivers” due to Trump’s harsh anti-immigrant agenda. Yet another way this administration is ripping apart families and communities. … Back home in Richmond to hit the hay but we closed out our 16-hour day really strong: with a rally in my wife Anne’s native Roanoke. I laid out my vision for a Virginia that works for all, with no region left out or behind.  Next up: Southside & Lynchburg!  pic.twitter.com/uafFpjFtZF A huge thank you to everyone who came out to today’s gun violence policy discussion with @timkaine and a fantastic panel. Conversations like these are crucial to moving the needle on gun reform.pic.twitter.com/7Sz4tf0Sgu Packed house of 400 in Blacksburg for @timkaine event on gun violence, just steps away from Virginia Tech’s campus, where 11 yrs ago April 16 we saw what was then the worst mass shooting in US history. “We need universal background checks and to ban assault weapons,” Kaine says.pic.twitter.com/Z8xjd3ldrD We can improve health care in Southwest Virginia by:   Expanding Medicaid  Passing my public option plan “Medicare X” so all can have access to insurance  Making VA addiction-free by 2030  Talking with health care experts in Abingdon as my campaign launch rolls on.pic.twitter.com/cyuwYjCtpa I was only 10, but I vividly remember the day we lost Martin Luther King Jr and the heartbreak we felt as a nation. 50 years later, his teachings still endure: We must care for the 'least of these,' there is no justice without equality, and love is greater than hate. #MLK50 Had a blast introducing dear friend Senator @timkaine at a high-energy Kaine 2018 rally in Newport News!  Let’s re-elect this great public servant in November!  #VA4ALL #TK4VA #WeRiseTogetherpic.twitter.com/20mb56gorW First it was a military parade to entertain himself, now it’s deploying troops to the border to intimidate immigrants? This is a Commander in Chief whose first impulse always seems to be to use the military as his own personal political prop. … I'm on the road this morning, heading southwest to start Day 3 of our tour with breakfast in Big Stone Gap - and I might even be headed to your town next! Check out our schedule and get signed up to join me at  pic.twitter.com/TscIlY7zcF Today only got better—met 100+ @_HamptonU students for a Q&A and closed out with a Newport News rally with @FairfaxJustin & some fired-up Virginians! Day 2 of our Virginia For All launch tour in the books.  Next up: Big Stone Gap, Abingdon, Bristol, Blacksburg & Roanoke tomorrow!pic.twitter.com/E8MC8cDKjQ Day 2 of @timkaine epic re-election launch. Norfolk with @BobbyScott @RalphNortham Portsmouth with @SenLouiseLucas Hampton with @_HamptonU students and Newport News with @FairfaxJustin @PriceForDel95 @MayorPriceForNN @SenatorLocke @Joni721. #VA4allpic.twitter.com/5UdnVoll6h I support the US Senate candidate that supports:  Jobs for ALL Healthcare for ALL Education for ALL Security for ALL Equality for ALL  I support @timkaine because he believes in a Virginia that works for ALL   …pic.twitter.com/lPHvYj9O0Z There's no one better for Virginia than my friend @timkaine. Good to be with him in Norfolk as he kicks off his campaign! #TK4VApic.twitter.com/EUenYcTozJ Great day so far in Virginia Beach and Norfolk—roundtable conversation with veterans and military families, then a rally with so many friends. It’s great to be barnstorming Virginia again. Next up: Portsmouth, Hampton U, and Newport News!pic.twitter.com/bkl8CUB88G Tim Kaine kicks off reelection campaign with stops in Hampton Roads  big news from team kaine this AM: not only is he launching his 2018 campaign in 20+ towns this week, he's also launching a gorgeous new 2018 website! find events, find tim's favorite songs, find a donation page - the world is your (VA-sourced) oyster at  pic.twitter.com/GXUnWui2yv I never changed my message of traffic, jobs, schools, health care & equality from the primary to general. With @timkaine, it’s the same. You know as a council member, mayor, LG, governor and senator, he knows more about VA’s economy than just about anyone. … Amazing to kick things off with a hometown rally tonight, surrounded by friends both old and new, sharing my message that we need a Virginia for all—jobs for all, education for all, health care for all, equality for all. Together, we can make it happen! Next stop, Virginia Beach.pic.twitter.com/gmMjurJcIO About to launch my 2018 campaign in Richmond. Proud to walk out with Ashley, a mom with a pre-existing condition able to get health insurance thanks to the ACA. She and her kids are who I fight for every day in the Senate—and who I’ll continue to fight for should I win this race.pic.twitter.com/AdLmNsIeq8 In next 120 hours, @timkaine will be in:  Richmond VA Beach Norfolk Portsmouth Hampton Newport News Big Stone Gap Abingdon Bristol Blacksburg Salem Roanoke Powhatan Danville Martinsville Lynchburg Loudoun Fairfax Prince William Northern Neck Alexandria Harrisonburg Cville  #VASen Hey Officer Moore - thanks for your bravery and service! Our pets can mean the world to us, and I know we're all grateful for folks like you who go above and beyond the call of duty to keep our family members, both human and animal, safe.  … Such a great Easter Sunday with family. Anne and I went to Easter service this morning then brunch with her parents, Lin and Jinks Holton. Hope you’re enjoying time with loved ones too!pic.twitter.com/uBQqRnt2NH This weekend is a time of celebration, reflection and family for so many—I’m signing off soon to spend the evening with Anne and look forward to relaxing a little bit. I hope you’re able to wind down with those you care about and enjoy your holidays, if you’re celebrating. Had the joy of meeting @UVACoachBoyle and her daughter Ngoty. I saw firsthand how this loving family has made Charlottesville their home, and I've asked @USCIS to grant them approval quickly so Joanne and Ngoty don't have to say goodbye to the community they love. … People often forget that we *already had* an assault weapons ban. For a decade! So don't let the gun lobby cry "unconstitutional!" It wasn't.  We are pushing to *reinstate* this law so we can reduce mass shootings. Pretty straightforward. Wow, 75% of Americans support a public option (like my Medicare X plan), including 74% of Independents and 64% of Republicans.  Let folks keep their current coverage if they want, but give them a choice of a plan similar to Medicare. It's a no-brainer!   …pic.twitter.com/DwGSAkyK18 To the 22 women Senators I work beside every day: I stand with you.   To the countless women experiencing workplace harassment and discrimination around the country: We need to do better, and that starts with fixing our own system here in Congress. … The bravery Linda Brown displayed at such a young age made our nation a more perfect union. Her life showed us that a child’s voice speaking out for equality can change the course of history. … We're excited to announce that we just endorsed Senator @timkaine for re-election! Senator Kaine is a critical leader in the fight to pass gun safety measures, and we’re proud to endorse him for re-election to ensure that his voice and votes are heard in the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/g53tx5tEiW When Bolton was at State, there were questions about whether he was "distorting" intelligence "to conform to—and confirm—his views." Read this story about why he didn't get Senate confirmation 13 yrs ago. Will this guy really get full security clearance? … Can John Bolton even get a security clearance? Ties to Russian allies of Vladimir Putin? … Maybe I jinxed it. … Last week, I trash talked my parents' team, K-State, and said Virginia would knock them out of #MarchMadness. Lesson: Don't cross your folks! Tonight, K-State plays in South Regional Final. Go Cats!  #KSt8 “My name is Naomi and I’m 11 years old ... I represent the African American women who are victims of gun violence, who are simply statistics instead of vibrant beautiful girls full of potential.”  Naomi: you also represent the best of Virginia and of America.  #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/ep4ZbRuZ05 POWERFUL 11-year-old Naomi Wadler of Alexandria, Va: “I’m here today to represent the African-American girls [killed by gun violence] who don’t always make the front pages of the newspapers.” #MarchForOurLives #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/b1vXG9LpQI WATCH LIVE: Naomi Wilder, an 11-year-old from Alexandria, Virginia speaks at the #MarchForOurLives in DC:   pic.twitter.com/yh9weiqoH6 "I have learned to duck from bullets before I learned how to read," Los Angeles student Edna Chavez says at #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/YqshSjJFtW "Either represent the people or get out ... Stand for us or beware: The voters are coming," Parkland student Cameron Kasky says to lawmakerspic.twitter.com/be2U0tw27E I’m grateful to all of the people who will be marching against gun violence today, and I’m also grateful for all of the people who have been fighting against gun violence in their communities for decades even when no one was paying attention. The view of the #MarchForOurLives from the top of the #Newseum pic.twitter.com/V0HuIJwn1t Made it onto rooftop! Look at this massive crowd #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/uCJVVYANyM Marching in Chicago for long overdue gun control today, and for my friend, former scene partner and “Bill and Ted” jokester Ross Alameddine, who was killed in the shooting at Virginia Tech on April 16, 2007 #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/o9efX00nBD My face is over exposed.  But we are representing #virginiatech #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/x912UtXxhN I was Governor when it happened, and as strange a thing it is to say about your own state, I hoped it would be the worst mass shooting America would ever have. Sadly, every “worst shooting” has happened since. #Enough … Melissa and Ann from Vienna, VA at #MarchForOurLives . Their kids go to Virginia Tech and a neighbor lost her daughter in the 2007 shooting. "We're here because we have to be."pic.twitter.com/rqYIyjYhW1 Protesting in style...gotta love Richmond #MarchForOurLives #MarchForOurLivesRVA #LIVEpic.twitter.com/jqg4t5nnGB This is how many people are marching today in Richmond. More are still coming. #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/eBetGi9sJy This is who I march for.  For our littlest kids.  The ones who have not yet stepped foot into a classroom. They deserve to grow up in an America where school shootings just don’t happen.  #MarchForOurLivespic.twitter.com/Q9bBMKEj5n Local Richmonders en route to the capital for #marchforourlivespic.twitter.com/61xSz321tN .@timkaine to marchers at Richmond #MarchForOurLives: "We need you so badly. I had grown somewhat despondent... But when I saw the students of this country standing up, now I have more hope because of you." Adds that we need universal background checks + assault weapons ban.pic.twitter.com/j9QgmoCBRP I’ve been Superintendent of @RPS_Schools for 53 days. In that time, 6 of our students have been shot, 2 of whom have died. If that’s not the definition of a crisis, I don’t know what is. Enough is enough.pic.twitter.com/LzqxvhXGSC happening now: @timkaine is speaking to thousands of students at RVA’s #MarchForOurLives about how he stands with them on gun safety - from the top of a bus.pic.twitter.com/mwT9q6NhoJ Good morning from Richmond’s #MarchForOurLives  I march for the 32 lives lost in 2007 at Virginia Tech - and the kids we’ve lost to gun violence every day since. Enough.   Who do you march for?pic.twitter.com/EyiRKf06IT My kid's a Marine.  My state has the closest ties to the military in the country, between active duty and veterans.  Give me a break. We care. We are the ones pushing a long-term defense spending plan. This is so beneath the office, but I guess not beneath Donald Trump. … Going live on MSNBC now with @mitchellreports to talk about "the Art of the Deal-Wrecker" (what we saw from President Trump this AM) -- tune in! Seriously though, Rip Van Winkle, did you just awake from a long slumber? We gave you a deal last month that offered all the border funding you wanted AND a path to citizenship for Dreamers. YOU (or your minions) tanked it and turned us down. Art of the Deal-Wrecker! … I’ve truly lost track of how many times now President Trump has threatened or cheerled a government shutdown. … America should be grateful to General McMaster. After a long military career, he accepted the NSA job to protect the country and speak truth to power. And he was sadly pushed out for doing just that. Just 22 days ago, John Bolton wrote a @WSJ op-ed: “The Legal Case for Striking North Korea First.” “Eliminate” them, he said.  Make no mistake: this is a war cheerleader, who’s being welcomed into the WH with open arms. So dangerous. … This is the new National Security Advisor? Disqualified by horrible judgment and dangerous for America and the world. … Cory, didn’t you play @StanfordFball ?? First-class athlete beaten by a Snowflake , AZ, cattle rancher.   Kids, don’t let anyone tell you your dreams aren’t possible. … Courage is sadly lacking in Washington these days, but my friend @DougJones has it. I hope we all heed his words, listen to one another, and take meaningful action to curb gun violence in our communities. … What has happened these past few weeks in Austin is terror. Several bombs appear to have targeted people of color—with two African American men dead and a 75-year-old Hispanic woman critically injured, among others. This kind of violence has no place in America.  #AustinBombings Sure, Trump staff wrote “DO NOT CONGRATULATE” on Putin call briefing, but they forgot to scrawl “I HEAR YOU” onto the pre-briefing notecard. So here we are. … An American president does not lead the Free World by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections. And by doing so with Vladimir Putin, President Trump insulted every Russian citizen who was denied the right to vote in a free and fair election.  … #6MonthsAfterMaria, tens of thousands in Puerto Rico remain without power. Millions of our fellow Americans there are suffering or struggling to rebuild. Many are still dying. This should not be happening in America. … Shootings and violence should not be an accepted part of daily life in America’s schools. When will we be shaken from our complacency and take meaningful action?? … That’s exactly right. We need to assert Congress’s constitutional authority to vote on war. After pressing both the Obama and Trump administrations on this for years, the momentum is clearly on our side! More important than ever. … Millions in Yemen may starve and 10,000-plus are dead because of a war with no end in sight, that the U.S. has stumbled into. Proud to support this proposal to direct the removal of U.S. armed forces. … Robert Mueller must be allowed to see this investigation through to its conclusion. Period. Full stop.  We in Congress will not stand idle if he is fired, and threats like this need to stop. … Overheard in the Oval Office  POTUS: “Then we’re putting a tariff on brussels sprouts!”  Chief of Staff: “Um.... We grow them here, sir.” … Kids shouldn’t have to shoulder the burden of demanding adults do their jobs when it comes to addressing gun violence. They should be worried about math tests or prom. Yet here we are...  Was inspired today by Wakefield HS students calling for action. It’s time we listen to them.pic.twitter.com/Q51CB90fA2 Seven years into a devastating war in Syria, more innocent civilians are dying each day. Where is the Trump administration’s strategy?  It’s time to end the horrific suffering. #7WordsForSyria My heart breaks for these service members’ families—and the entire NAS Oceana family in Virginia Beach. … My Final Four: UVA, Purdue, Xavier and Kansas.  I predict Houston & the Bonnies will go on sneaky runs. I’ll apologize in advance to my die-hard K-State fan parents, who will have their hearts broken by the eventual national champs: @UVAMensHoops.  #MarchMadnesspic.twitter.com/cuh1P0r8FV In #PA18, a district President Trump won by 20 (!), the next congressman will be a Democrat.  From deep red Alabama to longtime GOP legislative seats across Virginia, voters are sending a message that we’re on the wrong track. Let’s bring a big wave in 2018!  … .@timkaine to Virginia students at #NationalWalkoutDay: “Keep the pressure on! Keep asking adults to shoulder the responsibility of adults! ... You are giving me hope that FINALLY we’ll be able to do something.”pic.twitter.com/ml9oaKJ6dd The spirit of #NationalWalkoutDay is familiar: 55 years ago, thousands of children skipped school to protest segregation in the streets of Birmingham—a moment that forever changed the Civil Rights Movement.  Let us remember which side was consigned to the dustbin of history.pic.twitter.com/TTU9hMlSzj Virginia is for (basketball) lovers!  Congrats @RadfordMBB on your first-ever NCAA tournament win.  Sorry, Nova, but spoiler alert: David beats Goliath. Secretaries of State should always seek diplomacy over war, but as a member of Congress, here's how Mike Pompeo talked about Iran: "It is under 2,000 sorties to destroy the Iranian nuclear capacity. This is not an insurmountable task for the coalition forces." Dangerous! Why would President Trump fire his Secretary of State at such a grave moment? He's about to meet with North Korea, the Russian threat continues to pervade the globe, and key ambassadorships go empty. Chaos at the top may make for good reality TV but it's dangerous foreign policy. Ten rounds.  That's the magazine limit allowed in Kentucky while hunting deer.  Yet when we call for similar limits on assault weapons used in mass shootings, we're told it violates the 2nd Amendment.  Why are we valuing deer lives more than human life? 12 days ago, President Trump said that, when it comes to legislation on gun violence, we should “come down on the strong side.”  His plan today doesn’t support a universal background checks bill, or raise age limits, or ban assault weapons.  Sounds like the weak side to me. Stunning ignorance about our public schools from the Cabinet secretary in charge of them. … Putin suggests Jews are to blame for Russian election interference. Why does our President still cover for this anti-Semitic dictator? … GO HOOS!!! We Democrats need to do away with superdelegates once and for all. They are given undue influence and make the presidential nominating process less democratic. Glad to see the DNC giving this a real look. … Powerful thread from the woman I love, admire, respect and seek to emulate every day - my wife Anne.   … It's #InternationalWomensDay, and I can't help but think about a woman who has done as much to advance women's rights on the world stage as anyone in the modern era: @HillaryClinton. A trailblazer, ceiling-breaker, and role model for us all. … "There are places and moments in America where this nation's destiny has been decided... Selma is such a place."  53 years after #BloodySunday, give this @BarackObama speech another listen—and consider the current moment. What destiny will we choose now? … #OTD in 1857, in one of its worst decisions ever, SCOTUS ruled that Dred Scott, born into slavery in Virginia, wasn't a citizen and therefore couldn't sue for his freedom. Let today remind us that the arc of morality is long but ultimately bends towards justice. Had a great time stopping by @SugarShackDMV today; I even tried my hand as a donut fryer. Think I’ll keep my day job, but happy to see this Virginia-based small business growing, hiring, and giving back to the community. It’s sweet. pic.twitter.com/Oa433ugd3M Finding a permanent solution to #ProtectDreamers is as urgent a task as ever. President Trump created this crisis, and he should stop tanking bipartisan congressional efforts to solve it. We owe it to these kids to keep them in the only country they’ve ever known as home. I’ve visited at least one school in every city and county in Virginia, and my favorite part of each and every one of those visits is always story time. Happy #ReadAcrossAmericaDay.pic.twitter.com/H8FutTRnls Enjoyed breakfast in Norfolk today with @BobbyScott and faith leaders from around Hampton Roads - in moments when things can feel divided, our faith has the power bring us together, and I’m grateful to have spent this morning being reminded of that.pic.twitter.com/idMr3D1Fn8 Thanks to my friend @RepMcEachin for introducing our military spouse employment legislation in the House. Military families sacrifice so much for the country and we owe them our full support. … The Second Amendment is the only part of the Constitution with the words "well regulated" spelled out explicitly. I support the right to bear arms, but we are failing if we refuse even the simplest measures to keep our communities safer. Why on earth is this a priority? Military families should not be targeted like this. It’s unconscionable. … Ellie, Kelsey, and Kay are helping mobilize students at their school to push for action on gun violence. They asked me, “Will anything really happen?” We owe it to these passionate kids to make sure the answer is “Yes!”pic.twitter.com/3qg14g3PLL If President Trump would come out in support of universal background checks, it would pass. Easily. Today he's indicating support of the Manchin-Toomey bill. So let's put it up for a vote! Less talk, more action! Billy Graham inspired millions to lives of faith. His admonition that we pray for one another, and for wisdom, rings true today, as we seek unity and peace in challenging times. If a foreign adversary attacked a U.S. military or diplomatic outpost around the world, our response would be swift and strong.  Yet when Russia attacks us online, our Commander-in-Chief sits on his hands, refusing to act to protect us. … Proud to fight for a clean environment and commonsense solutions to combat climate change in the Senate. Thanks for your continued advocacy to protect our planet! … By repealing ███ neutrality protections, tweets could look like ████ in the future if ISPs like ███████ want you to pay more to see the content.  We need #onemorevote in the Senate to reverse the FCC’s #NetNeutrality decision. Help us at  . Congratulations to my former staffer, @SindyBenavides, who has been named the new COO of @LULAC. She has long been a passionate advocate for empowering Latino communities in Virginia and across America, and I know she will continue to do great things in this new role! When your wife gives you this for a 60th birthday present, you know she really gets you. Comic dig at my age plus timeless mountain music! The perfect gift. Love you, Anne!pic.twitter.com/ySjUJkif7F Just left a powerful conversation with @MomsDemand in Richmond. We can no longer stand by and do nothing. The courage of #Parkland students should spur us all to act.  Finally.  #NeverAgainpic.twitter.com/8UczN1JPbf Rising singer-songwriter @lucydacus writes with the beckoning brevity of a skilled short-story writer. (Senator @timkaine is a fan, too.)  @lindsayzoladz:  I still make/buy a mean quiche!  Thanks for the shoutout, @lucydacus! … You’re welcome, America. … 55 years ago, the Birmingham Children's Crusade awakened a complacent nation to the horrors of discrimination and segregation. Today, courageous students have taken up the mantle to stand up against gun violence. “And a little child shall lead them...” Was also overwhelmed by how many friends and supporters showed up for my birthday celebration at @WinchesterBrew, a fantastic women-owned Virginia microbrewery. Good beer. Kicking off 60 isn’t so bad, after all!pic.twitter.com/8WY6leEO34 Thanks @oldbustheadbrew for having me out yesterday to celebrate my birthday with some friends in Warrenton. They even made me my own brewer’s work shirt! Great time.pic.twitter.com/2C8YeWj8pv I lived through the 60s. Was a little younger than you are now, though I certainly wasn’t on your level of courageous engagement. We began to overcome some trying obstacles that decade—thanks in large part to students. You and your friends are going to help us do the same. … “We all knew that this game was much bigger than just a game.”  Their fight for equality culminates with a #Gold for #TeamUSA. I’m not sure anyone has ever deserved it more than these inspiring women.  #Olympics … .@AjitPaiFCC officially published the rules that kill #NetNeutrality today. That means we now have just 60 legislative days to find #OneMoreVote in the Senate so we can pass my CRA to #SaveTheInternet.   Time is running out. Now is the time to make your voices heard!pic.twitter.com/uhXiv6Oork Today marks Asian American Women’s Equal Pay Day, the symbolic date when Asian American women’s earnings on average “catch up” to non-Hispanic white men’s earnings from the previous year. #AAPIEqualPay When it comes to military operations in Syria, President Trump seems to be acting like a king by trying to unilaterally start a war. That’s unacceptable. As I also said with the Obama administration, any use of force like this demands a vote of Congress. … We can’t keep going on like this. Too many in elected office ignore cries for action—from parents who lost a child, students who lost a friend. These voices speaking truth to power should be the ones we wake up every day to represent. If we don’t, we are failing. #StudentsStandUp I hope President Trump takes to heart the moving stories he heard today, and we finally act to meaningfully curb gun violence. These powerful voices should spur us to put politics aside and enact new gun safety measures that make our kids, schools and communities safer. There are many in public office who could learn a thing or two from the courage of these kids, who are standing up today to say "enough is enough." Their peers and classmates are dying because we can't act on gun violence. We owe them better.pic.twitter.com/CyH3Wc7KNQ this november, dems can take back a senate majority. we can push meaningful change for families and fight against extremism. but we have to keep the seats we've got! be a part of it by becoming a fellow on @timkaine's re-election campaign    #americasdad In awe of Parkland students like Emma Gonzalez who are speaking out in the wake of the horrific tragedy they experienced. These kids shouldn’t have to be the voices of reason in our country right now, but they are - and we should listen.  Emma - thank you. I stand with you. … For all who have challenged whether curling is a sport—if participants are doping, it must be a sport. Case closed! … Sitting in on “Old Joe Clark” with my old friend Stevie Barr at @primland’s Stables Saloon. Everything’s better on @The_CrookedRoad!pic.twitter.com/c1hRL04dNb Virginia is for hikers! @AnneHolton and I got out on the trails early this morning near Meadows of Dan.pic.twitter.com/hgYjDfsH6g What is the Trump administration doing to protect the 2018 elections?   Likely nothing.   Congress, courts, states, cities, counties, NGOs and citizens need to safeguard the integrity of our democracy since the president won’t. … Loved celebrating the #LunarNewYear with families at GMU earlier this week - may the year of the dog bring us all joy and light. Happy new year!pic.twitter.com/HW1qzDfFgc "The NRA has slowly become an organization that marches to the beat of gun manufacturers, not it's members."  Sen. @timkaine tells fellow members of Congress not to be afraid of the NRA. Watch.  54 > 39.  Our bipartisan plan to protect Dreamers from deportation got *15* more votes than the Trump plan. This was a sensible plan to solve the problem. President Trump chose to tank it to push a much more cruel and restrictive plan—and it failed. Bigly. Despite President Trump’s actions, I refuse to give up on protecting Dreamers from deportation. La lucha sigue — the fight continues. President Trump created a crisis when he unilaterally ended DACA. He asked Congress to clean up his mess, so we did—with a bipartisan plan to protect Dreamers and fund border security. But Trump refused to take yes for an answer and tanked the deal. The past few weeks, we’ve tried every approach to getting permanent protection for Dreamers. It’s been my primary focus in the immigration negotiations. I firmly believe the bipartisan deal today is our best chance to pass a bill to shield them from deportation. You can read more about our plan here: … BREAKING: After weeks of working together to find a solution, tonight we are announcing a bipartisan plan to permanently protect Dreamers from deportation. This is our best chance to get this important work done, and I hope my colleagues join me in supporting it. April 16, 2007, was the worst day of my life—when 32 people were shot and killed at Virginia Tech. Nearly 11 years later, there are far too many "worst days" in America. The people of Parkland, Florida, are facing one of them today. I am heartbroken and grieve with them. And my valentine has chosen today to join Twitter! Give her a follow at @AnneHolton if you’re interested in smart commentary on the world (especially education), updates from our life and travels around Virginia, and the occasional joke at my expense. … Happy #ValentinesDay, Anne. Our companionship and partnership these past 35 years have been the joy of my life. I love you.pic.twitter.com/qz9xEriy3F Last year, @TimKaine and I wrote to @POTUS to request the legal justification for the strike in Syria in April 2017. He never responded.  Now we’ve learned there’s a memo explaining legal basis. The Congress and American people deserve to see it. … When it comes to being "America's Dad," I think @chloekimsnow's dad takes the cake. His story, and Chloe's, is only possible in America.   …pic.twitter.com/yeeXMdwLtO Donald Trump, May 2015: “There will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid.”  Donald Trump, today: My budget makes $554 billion in Medicare cuts. … Crowd audibly gasps at senior living community in Ashburn, Va., as @timkaine tells nearly 200 in attendance that the budget Trump just proposed today makes $266 billion in Medicare cuts. Kaine affirms commitment to protect, not weaken, Medicare.pic.twitter.com/wjkuMBohIA Military spouses are an untapped asset, writes Kathy Roth-Douquet — but @timkaine is doing something about that. … President Trump's infrastructure proposal just doesn't cut it. It skimps on real federal investments while kicking the costs to local governments and private interests. We need to fix our bridges, roads, and critical infrastructure—not stick families with more taxes and tolls. Speaking of portraits...  Left: My official portrait as Governor.  Right: My official “Pancake Portrait,” which one of my staffers ordered off @Etsy.  I’m certainly partial to one of these over the other...pic.twitter.com/1j9yf3j1BG If you haven’t caught the #WinterOlympics bug yet, check out this great profile of Virginia’s own @BineyMaame - it will make you smile. I’m loving cheering on Maame and all of Team USA. … What's "sad" is having a complete moral vacuum in the Oval Office. Domestic violence is evil, and there aren't "both sides" on this issue. Real leaders stand with survivors, not perpetrators. Sen. Tim Kaine is demanding the release of a secret memo outlining President Trump’s interpretation of his legal authority to wage war.  Happy birthday to @williamandmary, founded on this day in 1693. You may be 325, but you should be proud that you aren't showing your age. (And you’re still a youngster compared to that codger @Harvard!) #wm325 We have to make it easier for people who want a job to get hired. That's why we introduced the Community College to Career Fund Act today. It helps businesses connect with community colleges, so fewer jobs go unfilled, while making skills training and education more affordable. Proud to join @SenTinaSmith, @SenFeinstein & Senator Kaine in introducing the #CC2C Act—a bill to make education more affordable for students & help close the achievement gappic.twitter.com/UJ37KxCg6v Always great to join @timkaine and @MarkWarner for the Commonwealth Coffee. This month we celebrated #BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/tf8GhR9zkH The Senate must pass this budget deal in short order, then we will immediately move to immigration legislation. I will continue pushing for a bill that permanently protects Dreamers and does not needlessly restrict legal immigration to rip families apart. That would be a mistake. Virginia and our nation will benefit from today's long-term budget deal, which forges bipartisan agreement on key priorities like supporting the military, investing in infrastructure and veterans hospitals, providing disaster relief, and fighting drug addiction. Why is President Trump *constantly* rooting for a government shutdown?  Look, if you don’t wanna work, just take some extra “executive time” — don’t threaten the economy or thousands of federal workers. OK?pic.twitter.com/VhW5NigJYT Today I introduced a bill to reduce military spouse unemployment, which is at least 3x the national average.  My bill takes a holistic approach to the problem, addressing:   Child care  Education and training  Transition assistance  Hiring  Entrepreneurship We're LIVE on Facebook, taking your questions. Tune in and ask away!  … I clapped in his general direction. … Tonight at 8pm, I'll be taking questions live on Facebook over at  . If you can't make it live, feel free to reply and tweet your questions at me now. I'll answer some of them during the stream!pic.twitter.com/sAvR75ohJi 25 years ago today, the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) became law. To this day, it remains the only real federal reform to workplace leave for new parents, illness, or caring for a relative. That's not okay. We have to do more to make work work for modern families. #FMLA25 Some military spouses have a hard time finding jobs. Sen. Tim Kaine has a bill to help.   #vapol #vapoliticspic.twitter.com/uo8E2SCuit A lot of folks are criticizing @jtimberlake’s halftime outfit, and I agree... It definitely needed a jean jacket. #SuperBowl At @rvasymphony for Remembering 1968: A Tribute to MLK. Powerful works, including Beethoven’s Choral Fantasy and Scenes from the Life of a Martyr by local legend Undine Smith Moore. Also a reminder of all the work that remains to pursue equality!pic.twitter.com/Hj3TU4dXWO Hampton Black Women packed the room for @timkaine. #BlackGirlMagic #BlackHistoryMonthpic.twitter.com/BASEtNd60a Law enforcement opposes this.  The intelligence community opposes this.  Even many Republicans oppose this.  This is dangerous territory, it disrespects law enforcement, and it's an alarming partisan attack on efforts to investigate hostile foreign interference in our democracy. … It seems shocking, but somewhere between 12-25% of military spouses are unemployed—a fact that causes countless military families serious financial insecurity. We can't ignore this problem. That's why today I'm announcing legislation to help reduce military spouse unemployment. These dogs have had a ruff year—many are from areas hit hard by natural disasters, from Houston to Puerto Rico. So I’m glad to see #PuppyBowl showcasing adoptable rescues! I hear the Wide Retriever is the favorite for MVP, but mark my words: the Quarterbark is a sleeper pick.pic.twitter.com/eqW4WasV4C I’m so proud of my former staffer @allycollsteele. She helped me get elected to the Senate, now I’m urging us all to help her and @campaign_purple as they work to end the systemic problem of workplace harassment. Ally is a leader to watch! … Trump’s on a tweet rampage against FBI/DOJ for being too helpful to Dems. But there’s a problem with that theory:  Comey? Republican. Wray? Republican. Mueller? Republican. Sessions? Republican. Rosenstein? Republican.  I guess, to him, upholding the Constitution is pro-Democrat. Great grassroots turnout in Prince William County for a community conversation with @timkaine to kick off #BlackHistoryMonth with @pwc_naacp. Started with a Langston Hughes reading, we’re feeling pic.twitter.com/SkmF2Bs9GR Thx so much to Senator @timkaine for visiting us to learn more about how we create employment opportunities & choices for #PWD! We appreciate the commitment he shares w @ECHOLeesburg, @SourceAmericaUS, & @AbilityOne75 to empowering people w disabilities! @EveryCitizen06pic.twitter.com/53CrwzRccV What it's like to be @timkaine guest at the State of the Union  … via @military1click #SOTU We are in a sad state when the last senior career diplomat at the State Department calls it quits. This is a grave loss for our country, and the Trump administration's consistent assault on diplomacy will have long-lasting negative ramifications for our national security. … Happy birthday to my good-timing, smart, beautiful wife and partner of going-on 35 years, Anne. A juvenile court judge and longtime public education advocate, she's the best public servant in our family. What a journey we've had—and continue to have—together. I love you.pic.twitter.com/Uqgpy516eR Had a great conversation today with Korean-American community leaders in Annandale. Concerns ranged from tensions on the Korean peninsula to how we can protect immigrant families from being divided. These voices animate my work in the Senate—work that’s as important as ever.pic.twitter.com/aQASJcVIrN I want to thank the Republican congressmen—several of whom are doctors—and senators, including my friends @JeffFlake and @BillCassidy, who as I understand it helped tend to the wounded and assist first responders at today’s chaotic crash scene in Virginia. Goodness on display. That was a good day, made even brighter by the Queen’s awesome hat. Thanks for the memory! … Visiting with Vietnamese-Americans in Falls Church, I’m reminded—yet again—of just how much we are strengthened when immigrant families are welcome to enrich our communities. Harsh crackdowns on family migration would divide and erode the fabric of our society and economy.pic.twitter.com/pyyBmJNRBJ – bei Eden Center Praying for everyone involved in the accident in Crozet. Thankful for the first responders and those on the scene helping the injured. … If President Trump is serious about finally getting things done, I have an idea of where he could start: Step 1. Stop using offensive rhetoric to tout a plan that would divide families. Step 2. Start supporting the bipartisan work we’re doing in the Senate to protect Dreamers. It is outrageous that, after one year, there's still no Ambassador in South Korea. As we head into the #SOTU, the Trump administration's folly of undercutting diplomacy is yet again on full display. … We've learned by now that President Trump will say anything. So when it comes to tonight's #SOTU, what matters isn't what he says or whether he seems "presidential" — it's what he does when the speech is over. Let's hold him accountable for that. Kimberly-Clark, the major corporation that makes Kleenex, will fire thousands of workers and close 10 factories, and you know how they're planning to pay for it?  With their Trump tax cut. … Estoy muy orgulloso que nuestra delegada de Virginia, @guzman4delegate, estará respondiendo al discurso sobre el Estado de la Union, en español. Ella estará luchando por nuestros valores—y sera una fuerte defensora por las comunidades mas vulnerables y contra el odio y division. These tribes have waited far too long for the recognition they deserve. So proud that the president has signed our bill into law. … The Trump administration wants to drill offshore all across America, but they refuse to hold even ONE hearing in our coastal communities in Virginia to see how local residents feel about it. Pathetic. … The Senate votes tonight on a proposed 20-week abortion ban. I believe this bill violates a woman's protected constitutional rights, and I will vote no. "This country was built by dreamers for dreamers chasing the American dream. I’m here on this stage tonight because just like the dreamers my parents brought me to this country with nothing in their pockets but hope," singer Camila Cabello said in support of #DREAMers at #Grammyspic.twitter.com/DZt8fvdzvT The Liberal Women of Chesterfield County gathered a great crowd of 200+ to hear @timkaine in Chesterfield County this afternoon. Historically-red county went blue in 2017 for the first time in 50+ years. Ready to do it again in 2018.pic.twitter.com/dnBTGblSGS On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we think of the millions of lives that were lost—including those of six million Jews—to hatred and cruelty, and we recommit in their honor to standing strong against anti-semitism and all intolerance. We all have a part to play in ending workplace sexual harassment - grateful for orgs like the Purple Campaign that are leading the way … Throughout her career, @CecileRichards has helped build an incredible movement of women who are empowered to fight for freedom and equality. She's an inspiration to all of us, and I can't wait to see what comes next.pic.twitter.com/pyTSlIA8PA Hey @_HamptonU, y’all need a harmonica player? … We don't make America first by making America less welcoming. … As the vote on Brownback is stuck at 49-49, watch this video of @timkaine pressing him on LGBT rights:  This footage is disturbing. The FBI needs to further investigate this shooting and provide more details promptly. My office has met with his family, and they deserve to have their questions answered. … Senator Tim Kaine On DACA: ‘The Consequences To Young People Are Serious’  pic.twitter.com/uHBinXt94j It should never take 150 voices for us to hear the truth. Larry Nassar's actions are those of a monster. I am in awe of the courage of the women who testified against him. When women speak up about sexual abuse, we need to listen. A man I've known and admired for many years, Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker, passed away today. A graduate of Virginia Union University, he was part of a long Virginia tradition of Baptists fighting for justice, serving as an early SCLC leader and MLK's chief of staff. RIP.pic.twitter.com/QNafQard3G I’m introducing a bipartisan resolution to condemn ethnic cleansing against Rohingya & call for safe, dignified, voluntary & sustainable return of refugees who've been displaced by this violence. Thx @SenToddYoung @timkaine @SenJohnMcCain & more for helping to carry this impt msgpic.twitter.com/i1Msq64CQb The Trump administration's determination to destroy the Affordable Care Act through executive action has destabilized our health care system and threatened coverage for millions. As HHS Secretary, I fear Alex Azar could make things even worse, so I will oppose his nomination. Despite total absence from negotiations all weekend, President Trump now says—again—that he “wants” resolution for Dreamers. We have a 3-week window. Let’s hold him to it. … I'm heartened by the bipartisan work of the Senate this weekend to end this senseless shutdown and move toward real, long-term solutions on priorities important to Virginia and our country. We also now have fully funded CHIP for six years, an important priority for so many families in Virginia and across the country left in crisis and limbo because of the months of GOP obstruction in allowing a vote. We now have a commitment to vote on legislation to protect Dreamers within the next 3 weeks, and it will take all our efforts to ensure that vote passes. It makes no sense that Rs insisted on keeping the government shut down this weekend while nearly 30 bipartisan senators, myself included, continued negotiations. But they did. Glad today their senseless shutdown is coming to an end. The Republicans just blocked my effort to reopen the government today. This makes no sense. Why are they insisting on keeping the government shut down? Today on the Senate floor, I will introduce a bill to reopen the government for three days while we finalize a bipartisan deal. I hope Republicans will not block this commonsense step to end the shutdown before the work week begins. Watch the moment Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) tried to pass a bill guaranteeing military pay and death benefits during the gov’t shutdown — and GOP leader Mitch McConnell blocked itpic.twitter.com/RNIdMvvfLx Instead of working with us to reopen the government and finalize a long-term bipartisan budget deal, President Trump is spending his day crassly heckling women on Twitter. … The future leaders we are fighting for!#WomensMarchDCpic.twitter.com/TMu2MbeZAM Feeling inspired and re-energized by the people I got to talk to at #WomensMarch2018 this afternoon. Now, time to get back to the Senate to make their government work for them!pic.twitter.com/VFCgC1asCL .@timkaine is visibly energized by #WomensMarch2018 as he tells the crowd: “Women are stepping up to lead the nation to a great awakening, the energy and strength of women is clear, and let me say that it’s WORKING” A change is coming. We won’t tire and we won’t rest. Standing at the #WomensMarch2018 we claim the equality of ALL women as our north star and pledge our efforts to making our union more perfect by elevating women in every corner of this country. One year ago, millions of women—and the men and children who have their backs—marched around the world to deliver this message: Women deserve to be heard. Women deserve to be respected. Women deserve to lead. The one year anniversary of Trump’s inauguration is a shutdown—being here at the women’s march is a more hopeful anniversary.pic.twitter.com/IdZBXtbDOx My colleague @clairecmc also introduced a measure to keep our military paid during a shutdown. It was blocked by the Republican leader. The only reason I can imagine for this is that Sen. McConnell wants to inflict maximum pain during this #SenselessShutdown. Last night, Senate Dems tried to pass a short, several-day bill to keep the government open as we concluded negotiations. Republicans blocked it. This is a #SenselessShutdown and if Rs would come to the table, we could end this impasse. This is the shutdown Donald Trump and Rs have been calling for, and Virginians will suffer. We put forward offer after offer tonight to prevent this and keep the gov't open, and Rs rejected every single one. We're still at the table. Rs should reopen the government and join us. Pitting one set of vulnerable kids against another in a political game of the Republicans' making is shameful and no way to govern. … This morning I say to Senator McConnell: Please do not shut the government down. Sit down with the Democrats and start negotiating a compromise agreement. It's time to stop this foolishness and pass a bipartisan, long-term budget deal. Kicking the can down the road is no longer an option. Why won't Republicans stay at work this weekend to get it done?pic.twitter.com/lb3xlTwBvm Pentagon agrees—stopgap CRs like what the House just passed are “wasteful and destructive.” The time to stop using them and do a full budget is now! … That’s not how it works. … Shutdown talk by President Trump & congressional Rs is foolish. If there's a shutdown, it's because Rs won't work weekends! We need to stay and finish budget negotiations to protect defense, education, health, Dreamers. We can do this in a matter of days. … If we get to work, and President Trump comes to the table, I believe we can finalize a long-term spending deal within a few days. Why won't Republican leadership even consider that? … President Trump would rather sabotage negotiations on a spending bill via Twitter than be the dealmaker he claimed to be. Apparently coming to the table to craft a compromise is harder than hiding in "Executive Time." President Trump is cheerleading a shutdown, and his statements continue to heighten our budgetary dysfunction. He has to decide whether he wants to be President or continue acting like a political talk show host loudly offering inane, offensive commentary from the sidelines. In December, I voted to give negotiators time to reach a bipartisan agreement to permanently protect Dreamers and now they have a deal. This must be part of the negotiations, and there should be a vote on the compromise–or a clean Dream Act–without further delay. The current CR ignores key priorities—community health centers, permanent protection for Dreamers, emergency relief for FL/TX/CA/PR/USVIs, opioid treatment, and more. These issues are not going away and need to be addressed immediately. Repeated one-month CRs hurt all spending priorities and create deep uncertainty. The pain is particularly acute in Virginia—home to hundreds of thousands of government employees, kids who rely on CHIP, military families, Dreamers and national security professionals. Budgetary dysfunction is hurting our country and my Commonwealth. I oppose the current CR, and Congress should remain in session with no recess until we work out a long-term bipartisan budget deal that addresses all issues. One week ago, SecDef pleaded for an end to short-term spending deals. Now, House Rs are proposing another one—ignoring his request. We're 4 months into the fiscal year. We need a comprehensive deal! Why won't the Rs even try to govern? … Whether he knows it or not, @POTUS’s attacks on the press are being closely watched by foreign leaders intent on shutting down scrutiny & silencing free speech. Read more in my @washingtonpost op-ed.  Here’s what total GOP control in DC looks like.  10/1, start of the fiscal year: no budget deal.  Punt to 12/8.  12/8: no budget deal.  Punt to 12/22.  12/22: no budget deal.  Punt to 1/19.  Clock ticking to 1/19: no budget deal.  And what’s their bright idea?  Punt to 2/16! Every day brings new distractions and controversies, but it should shock all our consciences that HALF of Puerto Rico remains without electricity, four months later. These Americans need additional disaster relief, and it’s way past time to get it done. … Kaine: Offshore drilling puts Hampton Roads at risk   via @reemadaminpic.twitter.com/ZSAZm79VP4 The President’s recent comments demonstrate—yet again—who he is. Now it is up to the rest of us to demonstrate who we are. Dr. King decried passivity above all else. Let 2018 be a year of action! Dr. King would not be surprised at the persistence of these attitudes, even at the highest level of government. But he would remind us that darkness cannot be vanquished by more darkness, nor hate by more hate. More light and more love is what we need. It’s a disturbing time. White supremacists descended on Charlottesville in August to bring bigotry and violence. Just last week, a President who so often emboldens voices of division made disgusting comments about people from nations in Central America, the Caribbean and Africa. Today we honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I am about to join a community service at First Baptist Church in Norfolk, VA where we will reflect on the meaning of his life to the challenges we face today. I’m grateful to hear that there have been no injuries reported but I am asking for more information from WMATA to find out how and why this happened. … Good news. Dreamers should apply for renewal while we work for permanent protection—this thread from @NILC_org has helpful information: … Introducing GOVERNOR @RalphNortham! Can’t wait to see all he accomplishes over the next four years.   P.S. @realDonaldTrump: Give him a call. He’d like to discuss offshore drilling in Virginia with you.pic.twitter.com/B8w7qPFZyg Thank you @TerryMcAuliffe for your four years of leadership for Virginia. Rights restored, jobs created, equality pursued. You have enriched our Commonwealth and we look forward to your service for years to come!pic.twitter.com/UZtlaYFBg0 Anne and I joining my political hero (and father-in-law) Gov. Linwood Holton and his wife Jinks in front of his portrait at the Virginia Capitol for @RalphNortham’s inauguration. A Republican, he fought segregation and advanced civil rights in VA. So proud of his legacy!pic.twitter.com/VLl8L2KUCb Today’s @virginianpilot editorial joins calls by @timkaine and chorus of local voices for the Trump admin to exempt Virginia from offshore drilling plan … Great conversation tonight with @FairfaxNAACP and progressive allies from across Northern Virginia. We’re seeing a lot of challenges but the energy and passion I see from the grassroots tells me that 2018 will be a very good year. Fills me with hope.pic.twitter.com/hVkmPUsRk2 Um, @TerryMcAuliffe has a phone. And starting Saturday, you can reach @RalphNortham. What gives, Mr. Secretary? … He said all Haitians have AIDS. He said Nigerians live in huts. He called Mexicans rapists. This is who Donald Trump is. There is a moral vacuum in the White House. … Mark and I have passionately worked on this for years, building on efforts by other Virginians including Sens. Webb and Allen. I am so proud these tribes will finally get the federal recognition they deserve. Long overdue. … Good question. … No. … It sure does. … Local voices in Virginia have also spoken up. This would hurt our coastal economies and threaten our naval operations in Norfolk. If it’s truly about “local voice”—not just protecting President Trump’s Mar-a-Lago—then make this same commitment for Virginia. … Virginia’s governor (and governor-elect) have made this same request, but we have not received the same commitment. Wonder why... … El senador demócrata de Virginia Tim Kaine anuncia su apoyo al proyecto de ley SECURE, que le permitiria a beneficiarios del TPS aplicar a la residencia / Virginia Democratic Senator Tim Kaine co-sponsors SECURE act which would allow TPS recipients to apply for residencypic.twitter.com/8FJbLl4cCS Our president and outgoing campaign chairwoman loved having lunch yesterday @MellowCville with @timkaine to talk about issues students are concerned about before the 2018 election!pic.twitter.com/ODpsJ67Gp3 Heartless. This would send countless people back to the life-threatening violence that plagues El Salvador and sends a message that refugees fleeing it—or the natural disasters that forced them from their homes—aren’t welcome in this safe harbor. … I’m overwhelmed by the turnout at our last event of the weekend - more than 200 in a standing-room only crowd at the Staunton library. I’ve been in public life for 20 years and I’ve never seen January election year crowds like this. 2018 is gonna be something.pic.twitter.com/ImpPZ7R9Zj The most important characteristic of any good cardboard cutout is that it’s very stable. All these years later, this one of @BarackObama is still standing strong. Whoever designed it must’ve been, like, really smart!pic.twitter.com/zfAoqf9MAu Anne and I had so much fun in Abingdon last night at the “Blue Jeans Ball” — the @VA9thCDDems celebration ahead of @RalphNortham’s inauguration next weekend and unofficial kickoff for 2018. These Dems are fired up for a big year!pic.twitter.com/ZZl6FaQzlR Special stop in Galax, the “World Capital of Old Time Mountain Music.” First time I played harmonica publicly was at Barr’s, and I sat in with the owner’s son’s band at my inauguration as gov. Some of the earliest country music was played within these walls. A Virginia treasure.pic.twitter.com/6ot4EOVr7m Let’s #GoDukes. Bring home another championship to Virginia! #BackToBack … Thanks to all the folks in Floyd who came out on this frozen morning for a thoughtful and enlightening conversation on issues ranging from the environment and pipelines to agriculture to infrastructure to US leadership and this divided political climate.pic.twitter.com/Y4nGE5KG4X It may be -10° here in Floyd but we are right back at it on the #VASen trail! #BombCycloneOrBustpic.twitter.com/ehniFUHNt5 I was fortunate to have Larry as a trusted and exceptional aide when I was Governor. He is one of the finest public servants I’ve known. Great choice, @FairfaxJustin! … Hit the 2018 trail hard on our first Friday of the new year - what I’m saying to these folks in Martinsville and Danville is the same thing they’re saying to me: we need a Virginia for all, with good jobs and healthcare for every Virginian. Plenty more stops to come this weekend!pic.twitter.com/0VsVhIpavd Just 79 days til @NASCAR returns to Martinsville for the #STP500 here. Who’s your favorite driver?pic.twitter.com/R1xtM2qPhy FERC made a very unusual split decision to approve two pipelines here in Virginia—when 2 of 5 commissioner slots were vacant. I’m calling on FERC to do the right thing and rehear these cases. … Loved seeing many old friends and some new faces today at lunch at @fishinpigVA in Farmville. Great food, though having a boar’s head on the wall while eating a pork sandwich is a bit morbid. Didn’t stop us though!pic.twitter.com/yMKLC5wRr1 .@CoryBooker, @sendavidperdue & @timkaine Introduce Bill to Strengthen and Improve HBCU Financing:   Anne and I are hitting the #VASen trail this weekend to visit communities across rural Virginia to talk health care, jobs, infrastructure, education and so much more. Stop 1: Farmville! And I’m staying warm thanks to this vintage jean jacket, a Christmas gift from Anne!pic.twitter.com/EH0N1cQwUw This is bad for our environment, bad for Virginia's coastal tourism economy, and bad for our Naval operations in Hampton Roads and elsewhere. It's also unnecessary as we see booming growth in renewable, clean energy. Boneheaded decision. … Parts of the country are experiencing record cold temperatures this weekend and there are more than 500,000 homeless Americans who may need assistance. Please spread the word: in DC, dial 311 for help and in VA, find shelters here:   President Trump's rash actions are making an accidental war with North Korea more likely. As a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees—and more importantly the father of a Marine—I have some thoughts on how we can avoid that disaster. … Message to President Trump: you can't Mean Tweet us into a blundering war. Wars require a vote of authorization by Congress, and we will stand up to you if your juvenile tweets carelessly put our country at risk. These childish attacks raise the risk of stumbling into an avoidable war. The President needs to cut it out and get serious about keeping America safe. … .@SenatorBaldwin @BillCassidy @timkaine @ChrisMurphyCT @SenSanders and others would like Senate hearings on Puerto Rico's schools. … @timkaine kicking off 2018 listening to Black Women share their ideas, issues and solutions #Kaine2018pic.twitter.com/mJFzZlbUJX Big step US could take to support democracy movement in Iran: Drop the Iranian travel ban. As 2017 ends, we see people asserting themselves around the globe, demanding human rights and equality. Hong Kong, Russia, Iran, Turkey, Venezuela, Honduras. Same energy in US—marches, citizen activism, strong electoral turnout. My wish for 2018: Resistance becomes Renewal! Anne and I spent some time today going through our books at home, deciding which ones we want to donate tomorrow to the Richmond Public Library. Support your local library!pic.twitter.com/rX8MB7HXP6 At the end of a long Christmas Day—family game night by the fire!pic.twitter.com/vS44Cbkwpu Merry Christmas! Today, I feel lucky — Anne and I are celebrating with our children, Anne's folks, and wonderful neighbors. We all have so much to be thankful for, and today is a great reminder of those blessings. Wishing everyone the very best this holiday season. Somebody is still excited for Santa at our house...   Just back from Christmas Eve mass - happy holidays to all!pic.twitter.com/hlRyzmzNk8 In a season marked by the birth of a poor child in a stable, the White House offers this holiday message... … Sexual harassment in workplaces across industry and geography cannot be ignored—and to fight back, Congress needs to start with our own workplace. I'm glad the Senate has taken an important first step by heeding calls to release this data.  … Anne and I are so happy to see Atif as the Commonwealth’s next education secretary. His experience and perspective will enrich students’ lives across Virginia—and it’s so great to have a classroom teacher in the job! … Republicans have held more self-congratulatory back-slapping publicity events for passing tax cuts for the top (2) than bipartisan votes to extend CHIP (0). What would a #GOPshutdown mean?  —Tens of thousands of Virginia federal workers could be furloughed, forced to stay home or work without pay. —In dead of winter, low-income heating assistance could be delayed. —Parks could shut down, crushing small biz revenues in nearby towns. Republicans have until midnight tomorrow not to shut down the government, and they can't seem to get their act together.  A shutdown would devastate Virginia's economy and threaten or delay vital services for millions of Americans. As Rs pop champagne over their Christmas gift to Trump (a giant tax cut for him/his pals), families are left to wonder if their kids will have CHIP, if Dreamers will be deported, oh and whether fed'l workers will be furloughed and our economy sucker-punched by a gov't shut down.pic.twitter.com/cNUSHBTRI6 “Nobody knows”???  The CBO knows. The Joint Committee on Taxation knows.  The Tax Policy Center knows.   Any analysis based in FACTS knows this tax plan will explode the deficit. Rs just burying their heads in the sand ignoring it. … The House had this data and released it.  The Senate has this data too.  It needs to release it now. … This secret, rushed, partisan tax bill in no way truly "reforms" the system. It makes the middle class foot the bill for a big tax cut for the top that explodes the deficit. What we need to "reform" is Congress—and that's what we'll do in the midterms. This isn't tax reform. It's highway robbery. Tax bill being rushed through after midnight. To quote the late Henry Howell: "Not everything moving around in the dark is Santa Claus." Voting on tax bill (again) after midnight. It’s like Rs don’t want Americans to see what’s in the bill. Hint: a big giveaway to the Trump family. Here’s @timkaine stumping with #HD94’s now DELEGATE-ELECT Shelly Simonds in October.  #CampaignEverywhere #ContestEverySeat #FlipTheHousepic.twitter.com/nSdu7Cv5Bv EVERY. VOTE. MATTERS.  Incredible win for @shelly_simonds, the next Delegate for #HD94. Determines control of the House. First time GOP hasn't won a majority since the 1990s. Virginia's progressive path continues! … In case you ever doubted that your vote matters! … Blanca was joined by Bertha, a Dreamer and mom to two US citizens. She came here as a minor in 1998. She was the vice president of her PTA, she coaches her kids’ soccer team, she volunteers all the time. This is her home. Why would we rip it away from her?  #DreamActNOWpic.twitter.com/Sxd53lhehX This is Ilse and her mom Blanca. Blanca brought Ilse to the US as a toddler for a better life, and now Ilse is a good student at VCU. She and her friends feel a lot of fear. Why would we force Ilse, whose future is so bright, into the shadows?  #DreamActNOW #ProtectDreamerspic.twitter.com/7qt346i9Gd The stories I heard yesterday from these Dreamers in Richmond were so powerful. Their aspirations and values make our country great. It’s why we absolutely must pass a #DreamActNOW.pic.twitter.com/5gga3AjJjA Very disappointing. If we truly want to fix the broken system on the Hill, we need to understand the scope of the problem. … Fighting for Dreamers this week. Reminded of a great lyric: "Live through the shadow, see through the shadow, live through the shadow, tear at the shadow." I believe we've entered a moment in which survivors no longer have to suffer in silence. That needs to be true not just among victims of the powerful but in every industry. If you work a shift and have seen abuse, you should be able to come forward. All workplaces should be safe.pic.twitter.com/RVPasHj10F I get the feeling that this entire GOP tax bill is just a giant #TrumpGiveaway. … Anne and I decorated at our house today. ‘Tis the season!  (...and yes that giant stocking is for our tiny terrier, Gina, the queen of the house.)pic.twitter.com/oAjl0m4xKS #GoDukes … I’m getting tired of having to say an action by this administration was terrible. So I’ll just say: Republicans and Dems in Virginia asked for an extension. He denied it anyway. President Trump never misses a chance to make health care worse in America. … Health care is your right and the deadline to #GetCovered is TODAY. Visit   to learn more and pick a plan, then share with your friends and family to make sure all your loved ones are covered in 2018. So on a day of reckoning for the GOP tax plan, as the bill remains imperiled by some dissension in the Republican ranks, President Trump goes on TV to trash the FBI and talk Flynn pardon—generating red chyron coverage. Coincidence?  Thank you, Donte, for running such a strong campaign and for offering yourself up yet again to serve others. Your future is very bright. … This is so dangerous.  Our commander-in-chief is ignoring a major threat to global stability and America's security because he has a complex about his election. … Thanks to  this vote  one day  it may   take  this long  for this  content  to  load  or you  may  never  get to  see it  at all.  Horrible step backwards for a free and open internet. … 5 years since #SandyHook and Congress hasn’t passed even one major commonsense gun safety measure, despite many of us trying. This is unconscionable. We owe it to these families—and countless others impacted by gun violence—to stop being bystanders. Senator-elect Doug Jones from deep-red Alabama said it best: "Take this opportunity, in light of this election, and go ahead and fund that CHIP program before I get up there."  cc: @SenateMajLdrpic.twitter.com/lBl829NSuY So instead of going to a real conference committee, Republicans hammered out a deal behind closed doors on their tax bill? The process of crafting this bill couldn't have been less transparent if it was encased in concrete. … No Moore Trump! Congratulations to my friend @GDouglasJones. He'll be a great colleague. President Trump went all in for Roy Moore, but proud Alabamians wisely repudiated their behavior. Happy Hanukkah to all those starting their celebration tonight in Virginia and across the world! During this holiday season, we are reminded to appreciate the miracles in our lives and these special days with family and friends. “Crooked” “Pocahontas” “Lightweight”  When strong women step up to challenge President Trump, all he does is lash out with insults. It’s low-life behavior.  Keep speaking out, @SenGillibrand, @SenWarren, @HillaryClinton & women across America. Your voices strengthen us all. … You cannot silence me or the millions of women who have gotten off the sidelines to speak out about the unfitness and shame you have brought to the Oval Office. … It's Election Day in Alabama. I've known @GDouglasJones for years, and he is a man of character and integrity who will make Alabamians proud.  Polls are open until 7pm Central, and you can find your polling place and more info at  . Go vote!pic.twitter.com/1femXOTwSY When it comes to dominating the paint, I'm more of a Ralph Sampson guy. But I'm definitely with Sir Charles when it comes to the Alabama Senate race tomorrow. Go Doug! … The fear and pain that comes with these letters for parents across Virginia is heartbreaking—and frankly it makes me angry, because all of this was preventable. There is a bipartisan CHIP reauthorization that would pass if @SenateMajLdr would just bring it up for a vote. … How **not** to rewrite the nation's tax code. … As a former mayor, I couldn’t agree more. This terrible bill would’ve been laughed out of a Richmond city council meeting. … Flying helo to a horseback ride? You can’t make this up! … My best to @kimschofield who just won a special election to the Georgia State House. Kim worked at my law firm many years ago and I supported her because she is an amazing health advocate. Go Kim! … Senator Franken made the right decision today, but the Senate has so much more work to do -- from releasing info on harassment claims and settlements, to fixing broken policies to foster safe work environments and ensure harassers are held accountable. Let's get to work. If we don’t have information on how many sexual harassment claims and settlements have occurred in the Senate—and how much money has been spent—it’ll be hard to take appropriate action to ensure accountability. I’m asking for this data so we can grasp the extent of the problem.pic.twitter.com/DtZR6JCojM Esta semana en @ElGabfest entrevistamos a @timkaine sobre #DACA, #Jerusalen , @alfranken y un posible juicio a Trump. No se pierdan este podcast de @Slate y @UniNoticias ! … In light of premium increases in Charlottesville and across Virginia, Rs and Ds in our delegation are asking the Trump Admin to extend open enrollment so consumers have more time to find a health insurance plan that works for their family.pic.twitter.com/g1kdBNY1xu To @SenateMajLdr:  We need to immediately reauthorize CHIP. Include it in the government funding bill. 128,000 Virginia kids are relying on us.  Signed, @MarkWarner and Ipic.twitter.com/ihW9tv19mg I'm very concerned that @realDonaldTrump's #Jerusalem announcement will further set back efforts to achieve a two-state solution—and the reaction we see across the world is troubling. This could have destabilizing consequences for a region already rife with tensions. Thank you Senator Tim Kaine for meeting with MMS 8th graders to answer questions!pic.twitter.com/9PTxxQKMje Country over Partypic.twitter.com/JZMTaEYdxQ Republicans would stop at nothing to discredit the facts about their tax bill — even attacking nonpartisan analysts they’ve historically praised. But we won’t be fooled: this plan will hurt the middle class and wreck our budget. … GOP Congressmen: "Why don't @timkaine and @MarkWarnerVA do something about CHIP?" @timkaine, @MarkWarnerVA: "You mean like this? Is this what you're talking about?" … New @Wonkblog analysis shows just how harmful the GOP tax bill is: "It's probably the most regressive tax cut in the past 50 years... It is hard to find a tax plan that has done less for the middle class." … For more information of Gloria's story and how you can take action to #protectDreamers, head to   #DreamActNow … El senador demócrata de Estados Unidos Tim Kaine, Exhorto a “a todos los funcionarios hondureños y líderes de partidos políticos a demostrar un compromiso con el proceso democrático y garantizar que se respetará la voluntad del pueblo hondureño".pic.twitter.com/ng3fh3Z8AA Given that recent reports suggest bots corrupted the FCC’s #NetNeutrality policymaking process, I am urging @AjitPaiFCC to delay action until an investigation can be completed.pic.twitter.com/qzT25OpnwF Today at the Capitol, I will join @FWD_us, @votolatino & @CAPAction to speak out for the protection of Dreamers and say clearly that we *must* shield them from deportation. WATCH here:  … This ought to be a big red flag for my Republican colleagues: if you won't listen to our pleas on the policy, at least listen to *your own voters* on the politics → "In a pro-Trump area, many voters are skeptical of GOP tax plan."   … The Trump administration’s Christmas message to the world? “There is no room at the inn.” … Proud of my D colleagues and Bob Corker for voting against tax bill even though most of them would benefit financially. Those voting for it—and the Trump family—will make out very well. Believe me! Late night votes in the Senate, but early morning train to NYC to see my daughter. Here’s a fun one... Thumbing through Amtrak’s magazine, I came across a cool story on the Missouri River. But can you spot the typo?pic.twitter.com/TjnjxXjgFu I proposed a fix to GOP tax bill that would have made middle-class tax relief permanent AND reduced deficit by nearly 1 trillion. 34 Ds voted yes—showing that we were willing to find bipartisan tax reform. But every R opposed because it was never about the middle class for them! Tax bill = swamp creature.   … 479 pages.  That’s how long the brand new Republican tax bill is, now that they’ve finally shared it with all its changes. On a Friday evening. Right before we're going to start voting on it. Enough to make you want to take action? Dial (202) 224-3121 to tell your Senators to vote NO, or visit … Who will be hurt by the GOP tax bills?  → Students  → Teachers  → Veterans  → Seniors  → Women  → Kids  → Workers  → Homeowners Terrible process. Terrible bill. … Grateful for her courage and all those she’s inspired in the fight for civil rights since that day—a fight that’s still not over. … Great teamwork to fix a bridge tens of thousands of people use every day that had fallen into disrepair. … BIG NEWS: We’ve secured full funding to rebuild Memorial Bridge. Huge win for NoVa commuters and DC visitors. Proud of the work our VA delegation did for years making the case for this critical project. Actually, President Trump, there’s no such thing as a "good” government shutdown. … At 9:10 a.m., Sen. @timkaine joins WTOP to discuss today's vote on taxes and the possibility of a government shutdown. Tune in:  Republicans have a simple choice: pass a tax bill they know would explode the deficit by $1.4 TRILLION, or abandon ship and work with Dems on a plan that actually helps the middle class. We'll find out tomorrow. … Anybody else experiencing deja vu? Incredibly irresponsible to be rewriting a major bill right before a vote that upends our economy (at the expense of the middle class). … Glad you asked, Jocelyn. Thanks to this tool from @IndivisibleTeam and many allies, you can make calls to folks in other states to talk about the bill and ask them to reach out to their own Senators:  … … Now you've read all this and you're as fired up as I am. Here's what to do:  1. For more info on what I've just shared, read @voxdotcom's explainer:  …   2. Pick up your phone, dial (202) 224-3121, and ask your Senator to vote NO on this tax bill.  9/9 This bill sends a message to the American people from the GOP: "We don't care."   It's bad for our future, it's bad for families across Virginia and the entire country, it's bad for workers, it's bad for women, it's bad for kids, it's bad for seniors. 8/ So we've got tax hikes for the middle class, health care at risk for millions. Next up? Workers: This bill does everything it can to make sure CEOs win and workers lose. Those are some backwards priorities if you ask me. 7/ Yes, you read that right. Because it repeals the ACA's individual mandate, the bill would wreak havoc on health care and cause premiums to rise. 6/ But let's just say, for argument's sake, that maybe the GOP doesn't care about anything I've listed so far (like the middle class or our future debt). How about this: The bill could result in 13 million fewer people having health insurance. 5/ This is all clearly wrong. But let's look past the obvious and see what else the tax bill would do. For starters, it would add at least $1.4 TRILLION to the deficit over 10 years—saddling our kids and grandkids with even more debt. 4/ And while middle-class families pay more, the top 1% would see an average of $32,510 in tax CUTS. Want to be even more appalled? The top 0.1%—making at least $5.1 *million* a year—would see an average tax cut of $208,060! 3/ First, and very importantly: This tax bill very clearly puts large corporations and the wealthiest among us ahead of middle-class families. Full stop. By 2027, we would see a substantial tax hike for the middle class. 2/ If you follow me on here, you probably already know that I think the GOP tax bill is bad news. But it's going to be voted on in the (very) near future, and I need you to speak out loud and clear against it. Here's why: 1/ Why does the GOP think it’s ok to pass a bill sticking higher taxes on our seniors, while giving a massive break to the very top? … To President Trump: We need unity, not division, from the leader of our country.  To Muslims across America: I stand with you and reject hatred and bigotry. … The tax bill doesn't just raise taxes on millions of middle-class families—it risks affordable health coverage too. Last time health care was at stake, you stepped up by calling Congress and not letting up. I'm doing what I can with a NO vote, but I need your help: (202) 224-3121 … Loved teaming up with the @RedCross today to sign holiday cards for our troops deployed overseas. Take the time to do something for others this holiday season—I promise, it will bring you as much joy as it brings them.pic.twitter.com/E5ius7tlUk .@timkaine: "Donald Trump is gonna sit at the end of Pennsylvania Avenue and tweet while we're gonna find a deal." #innerspic.twitter.com/6THYLeQwtu Even with the 280 character limit, there's not enough room in a tweet to share all the ways this bill would do real harm to Virginia families and small businesses. I'll just say: It's very, very bad. Click through for more: … Keep calling. (202) 224-3121. … #GivingTuesday is a great opportunity to support a cause you're passionate about. Gifts from supporters, no matter how small, make a huge difference to organizations that are fighting for what's right. Find a cause in Virginia by searching here:  … My tax reform op-ed with @TimKaine in @axios. Senator Kaine and myself, along with many of our colleagues, want to work with Senate leadership to boost our economy and help the middle class – but this process isn’t the way to do it. Read more: … And while he was busy focusing on political punchlines, he botched the opportunity to honor three military heroes. President Trump’s repeated use of Virginia’s Pocahontas—a beloved figure of national importance—as an “insult” to refer to @elizabethforma is shameful. More evidence that this bill will heavily benefit the wealthiest and large corporations by raising taxes on the poorest Americans. By 2027, most people making less than $75,000 a year would see a tax increase. … Republicans are trying to jam through a tax plan that would raise taxes on millions of middle-class Americans. Call your Senators and tell them you oppose this bill: (202) 224-3121 While home visiting my parents in KC I came across this superb editorial by Steve Rose, a “Bob Dole Republican,” on the GOP tax plan. A good warning for us all. … 33 years ago today I said “I do” to the love of my life and best friend, Anne. So happy to be celebrating our anniversary today surrounded by our family.pic.twitter.com/jA7p4g32qB Horrified to hear of this morning's devastating attack at a place of worship in Egypt’s Sinai peninsula. I am praying for all those affected. My thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the people of Egypt today. Visiting my folks in KC—and earning today’s meal by running the Hyde Park Pilgrim Run!pic.twitter.com/ZXVV54KGGu Happy Thanksgiving. Thankful to be celebrating surrounded by my children, nieces and nephews, and their friends! Also very grateful to the troops serving overseas who are spending the holiday away from loved ones to protect our freedom and democracy. This is awful news. Praying for the safe return of those still missing and thankful for the brave servicemembers taking part in search and rescue efforts. … Think about this. 60,000 flee a devastating earthquake, seeking safety. We welcome them into the US with open arms, as their nation struggles to recover.  Now, at the snap of a finger, the Trump administration revokes their status and plans to deport them. Such cruelty. If you’re reading this, you will be impacted by this FCC decision. Soon, internet providers could jack up your prices and even limit what content you can see. This is a horrible step away from a free and open internet.pic.twitter.com/cN9yw3dLck How can my Republican colleagues call this bill a "tax cut" when it's actually a tax INCREASE for *more than half* of American households?pic.twitter.com/RzRcfDSoTb When it comes to health care, Americans deserve more choices and lower costs. I’ve got a plan to help get us there. It’s called Medicare X, and you can read more about it here. … Let's go Hoos! I guess when they call this a “jobs bill” they mean that, once it passes, you’ll have to get a second one.pic.twitter.com/Ik4S4TyRNj It's 11:21pm. Most Americans are asleep. But the GOP members of the Senate Finance Committee just rammed through their tax bill on a partisan vote, under cover of darkness. This process is an embarrassment. My bill w/ @timkaine would help those who serve their communities get the student loan relief they deserve under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program.  … "It's not good for me. Believe me," Trump said of the GOP tax plan back in Sept.   In fact, he and his family could save more than $1B under House bill that just passed … NEW: Senate Republicans’ tax plan raises taxes on families earning less than $75,000 … We need Americans to speak out now more than ever. Senate Rs are still deliberating their plan, and they don’t yet have the votes. Call your senator TODAY to tell them NO tax plan that raises middle class taxes, attacks health care, and blows up the deficit. 202-224-3121. … This news will affect every single American and the entire U.S. economy. And not in a good way.  … Such behavior is unacceptable. Period. … Three former SecDefs tell Congress: If you care about our national defense, oppose the GOP tax plan.  I agree. This bill would jeopardize our efforts to fund the military. … The Democratic Party is stronger when we champion small-d democracy. That’s why I hope the DNC unity commission eliminates superdelegates. I am one, and I’ll happily give it up for a more democratic process.pic.twitter.com/eL31nzgwac While you were sleeping, the GOP made a big change to the tax bill. Individuals and small businesses will see big tax increases after 2025, while the breaks for big companies are permanent. Backwards priorities, under cover of darkness. … Earlier this year, during the repeated (and failed) GOP efforts to repeal the ACA, I said that I suspected my GOP colleagues would use efforts to gut health care to fund their tax cut proposal. I am sad to say that's exactly what they're doing now. Today, Senate Rs also confirmed their plan will repeal health care reform's individual mandate—a move that could lead to an estimated 13 million Americans losing insurance and further sabotage of our insurance markets. This prompted immediate opposition from @AARP, among others—and rightly so. … The nonpartisan CBO has announced that the GOP plan would cause $25 billion in cuts to Medicare. … Here are a few of the worst moves: Today has been a *big* day in the ongoing GOP effort to develop its tax plan. There's a lot swirling, so let me be very clear: the moves made today will hurt countless families, and they make this plan even worse. Thank you, @timkaine, for meeting with us today to have a conversation about the future of reproductive health and freedom in our state. Having you #StandWithPP helps ensure the future and safety of so many Virginians.pic.twitter.com/XkFQt4us15 Warner & Kaine: GOP Tax Plan Would Hurt Virginia Communities  pic.twitter.com/ExAESIT5ts President Trump should keep his promise to this Virginia island whose residents have put their faith in him. I’m ready to work together, but he has to follow through. … Placing the burden on women, and eroding their opportunity to excel on the Hill, is exactly the wrong approach. It’s up to men to not subject women to harassment or assault in the workplace—not on women to avoid it. … HBCUs are engines for many local economies—helping create jobs and expand opportunity, especially for minority communities. Great morning celebrating their successes on the Hill with @BobbyScott.pic.twitter.com/6l6pETRMN2 Under Senate tax plan, almost half of households earning less than $100K would pay more or be left out, according to official estimates. Average tax cut for millionaires = $48,680.pic.twitter.com/eyG46ooey5 President Trump made a promise to the people of Tangier Island. He’s got to follow through on that promise. @timkaine … Hollow promises and rearview-mirror sloganeering won’t do a thing to create jobs or make lives better in coal country. What’s needed are real investments in education, training and infrastructure—which this administration hasn’t made. … Photo of this morning's @OrbitalATK Antares launch from the Wallops team. Liftoff was 7:19 a.m. EST. Antares carried a Cygnus spacecraft into orbit, loaded with 7,400 pounds of cargo for @Space_Station.pic.twitter.com/8pBVUMLLDa Great to be back on campus at Lynchburg College today to talk about the big wins this past Tuesday and the major issues facing our Commonwealth—from creating more good jobs to expanding health care to all. Thanks @LynchburgDems for having me!pic.twitter.com/tCk35BlGy5 To all who have served in uniform, we owe you a lifetime of gratitude. Thank you — on this #VeteransDay and all days.  Wonderful to spend time with vets this morning in Lynchburg and to enjoy the parade.pic.twitter.com/QpGJ7EjHai Another birthday in the books for the @USMC. You don’t look a day older than 240.  To all the Marines out there, active duty or vets, thank you for your service. #SemperFi Even GOP leaders are finally beginning to acknowledge that this plan could raise taxes on many middle class families. Too bad it took them getting caught with their hand in the cookie jar... … Sexual assault and abuse is an epidemic. Grateful for your bravery in telling your story, @diananyad. It's a shame that it's taken so many women sharing these private, horrific stories in such public ways in order for us to begin to confront this.pic.twitter.com/o28hmVBOm8 How about the middle class? How about small businesses? How about homeowners? CEOs are doing just fine. … This is one of many important steps towards addressing and combating pervasive sexual harassment—I'm glad to see it implemented across offices, and hope other workplaces will follow suit. … I am also grateful for Leigh Corfman's courage and voice — all too often, our systemic biases against women's stories and perspectives make it too difficult for women to come forward. Today's revelations about Roy Moore are incredibly disturbing. We have to speak out against gross abuse like this. Moore should never be in the U.S. Senate. He should step aside—but if he won’t, the good people of Alabama must vote to defeat him. Support Doug Jones today:  … #ALSen Tim Kaine: Virginia voters rejected “divisiveness” by electing Ralph Northam   by @OKnoxpic.twitter.com/oDhJsH5wRb Women led the VA House of Delegates wave—11 Dems who won GOP-held seats were women. We’ve elected 2 Latinas @HalaAyala & @guzman4delegate, the 1st openly trans woman @pwcdanica, an African-American mom of 2 newborns @JCarrollFoy, 1st AAPI women @KathyKLTran & @VoteforFowler.  Classic reaction to last night’s big Dem wins in VA—“we should disenfranchise more people!” … Where we stand: 1) We've won 16 seats, that ties the chamber. 2) Six races, 3 we lead, 3 we trail, will have recounts. 3) There's a path to majority via the recounts. 4) Recounts are costly, we need to fund them: … Make no mistake: the next generation of progressive leaders is on its way to Richmond. Congratulations to the many, many House of Delegates candidates who won tonight. Your energy and supporters helped make these big wins possible. So proud to see @MarkHerringVA, a true fighter for justice, re-elected as our great Attorney General. His leadership has helped make VA a leader in protecting consumers, our communities, and our civil rights. Congratulations to @FairfaxJustin, our next Lieutenant Governor. Justin has the wisdom, energy and smarts to be an effective governing partner for @RalphNortham. Two very happy senators tonightpic.twitter.com/4GkJX32epW Congratulations to @RalphNortham, the healer we need in the governor's office during these challenging times. So proud of the campaign he ran and his commitment to serve all Virginians. He will make us proud. If you’re still in line to vote in Virginia, STAY IN LINE! ONE HOUR until polls close in Virginia, and here’s an easy way to make sure your friends in VA have voted today. Share:  … Thank you @timkaine for your support of #BOLDAlzheimersAct - benefiting thousands in Virginia.   #ENDALZpic.twitter.com/0yWbCIxd6L If I find out you skipped this election, I’ll send my Uncle Vito to...pay you a little visit. #VOTE If you're a Virginian who needs to find their polling place today, go to  . Go vote!  #GameOnVApic.twitter.com/P3dQazgK34 SYRIA just joined the Paris climate deal, leaving US as the *only* nation on Earth opposed.  So by "America first," they meant America last. Actually, @RalphNortham *is* a "GREAT VET." He understands service & sacrifice.  Need another reason to vote Ralph? This phony attack is it. … Raising taxes on middle class families isn't the right kind of "tax reform." We need to invest in economic growth—not hurt working families. TIME: "One-third of middle class families could end up paying more under the GOP tax plan, experts say." … Washington Post: "Some middle-class Americans would pay higher taxes under GOP bill, despite Trump's promise." … NYT: The GOP plan "would actually raise taxes on nearly 13 million tax filers who earn $100,000 a year or less." … Vox: The GOP plan "would actually result in a sizable tax increase" for the average U.S. household over time. … We hear a lot about how the GOP tax plan gives benefits to the top—but ya know what? It also could *raise* middle class taxes for millions. Sen. @timkaine wants you to make calls to elect @RalphNortham, @FairfaxJustin, @MarkHerringVA, and @KathyKLTran. Sign up and help the @GMUdems #KeepGMUBlue!   #GameOnVA #Flip42Bluepic.twitter.com/NPjmIS0MMo “Hey Dems: Get off your  and VOTE!” Great rolling billboard at @pwcdanica’s Manassas office where we launched a canvass tonight. Two days!pic.twitter.com/T7lUUg5qDT When will we stop this violence and evil? Praying for this community on this day of worship. It breaks my heart. … Ended a busy GOTV Sat in Fairfax at @KarrieKDelaney’s packed office then a rainy @FairfaxDems rally. No “enemies” here—just fired up voters!pic.twitter.com/rGcdzpwTPZ What a crowd in Harrisonburg today. I tell ya, Dems in Virginia sure are united and energized ahead of Tuesday’s critical elections here.pic.twitter.com/o1PMUEBNDf Standing room only packed house in Lexington ready to canvass for @vademocrats this GOTV wknd. Energy on the ground is palpable.  #GameOnVApic.twitter.com/xpMSI2DNlv Being on the trail always means seeing familiar faces, but this one was really special: my HS English teacher from KC, in the flesh in Lex!pic.twitter.com/yMXQoeXbyT Leaders like @timkaine are stepping up to address the issue our society has with sexual assault and harassment.  One more reason to vote in Virginia on Tuesday. Reject Trump/Gillespie anti-immigrant actions. Embrace an inclusive VA with @RalphNortham. … Wow - after 7 yrs dormant, the great Alleghany/Covington GOTV bfast kickoff is back with a packed house! @timkaine @CreighDeeds @DPVAChairpic.twitter.com/sI9ObR6rIm When it’s a Friday night at Tech, and this many students come out to a political event, there’s momentum on our side.  #GoHokies #BeatMiamipic.twitter.com/RHbnmGbREp Why won’t President Trump listen to his own scientists? … It’s a Back Porch Barnstorm™ for @timkaine and @ChrisHurstVA down in Radford and Blacksburg.pic.twitter.com/99E60OFe4X Great to spend time with @alicia4swva & @MineWorkers in Wise & Russell Counties. We’ve got to keep fighting to expand & protect health care.pic.twitter.com/9ZZ9cxGcUt These are the stakes in Tuesday’s elections in Virginia. … “He’s an Army veteran and physician who understands healthcare needs,” Kaine said of candidate Ralph Northam....   Started the day with a fantastic cup of joe at the new @Bloom_Bristol on State Street. Ready to hit the road for @vademocrats all weekend!pic.twitter.com/u3CM6meRqd This plan focuses on giving big breaks to very high earners, not helping middle class families and small businesses. Misplaced priorities. … "We must permanently end the culture where a woman who speaks out faces doubt or retribution." …  “Men need to step up and [combat] the sexism & harassment that stand in the way of true women’s equality." … Men aren’t doing enough to end the daily reality of sexism, harassment & abuse that women face. We need to step up. … .@timkaine on how Niger and Trump have stirred new anxieties about America’s Forever War  pic.twitter.com/PQvXuZPhJx Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to   and find a plan that meets your needs. … The act of terror in NY is a tragedy. Mourning for the lost. Praying for their families & those hurt. These acts of hate have no place here. The Virginia races next week will be close. Let's leave it all on the field to help @vademocrats win. Volunteer now:  pic.twitter.com/TGeefW2GQp Coming up on #AMR: @PeterAlexander @matthewamiller @McFaul @costareports @timkaine Jake Sullivan @BillKristol & more on @MSNBC. Tune in! Sen. Tim Kaine on new military authorization: Congress doesn't need the administration's permission  Senator Tim Kaine and others ask to have national park fee increase proposal withdrawn  … In no doubt the biggest news of the day ...   Our AUMF hearing with Secs. Mattis/Tillerson starts at 5p. Watch here:  … Just cast my in-person absentee ballot in Richmond! Tomorrow is the deadline for mail-in ballot requests. More info:  …pic.twitter.com/feE2kFXrnt I tell ya what, today I saw a fired-up #RoanokeForRalph. Canvass after canvass. Church all morning. And of course a quick pause for paws.pic.twitter.com/uhNV7fdSjM Any night I get to sit in with not 1 but 2 bands, cut a rug, AND stump for my friend @RalphNortham is a good night. Floyd, great to be back!pic.twitter.com/EmudVReN6M BREAKING: The @WashingtonPost endorses Ralph for governor!  When you head out on the road for two days with @RalphNortham, ya gotta stock up on provisions. #jerky #okra #jellybeanspic.twitter.com/ZSdFDgX1p8 You are now free to groove about the country. … "You're a hero when you run for office, you're a hero when you vote, when you march you are a hero...#BeTheHero." — @timkaine "The collective power of the American public is stronger than any individual." — @timkaine #TEDxMid "Superpowers are only superpowers when you use them"   "Be the hero" inspiring #TedTalk by @timkaine at#bethehero  @TEDxMidAtlanticpic.twitter.com/2389dQXPtP Speaking on the “superpowers” we all have as citizens at #TEDxMid in 6 mins. Tune in:  .pic.twitter.com/aXYQD5Q6J4 Virginia Sen. @timkaine believes military leaders will continue addressing climate change despite Trump's resistance  I'm with the @AmericanLegion. This bill doesn't help protect our servicemembers, their families, or consumers. Veto it, Mr. President! … Hey Virginia! If you can't make it to the polls on Election Day, you can vote absentee right now.  #GOTV  …pic.twitter.com/6hrz2Jobwl Gillespie’s ads are poisonous to Virginia and the nation … 