Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination is one of the most important votes I will take in the Senate – and after carefully studying his record (at least the part that is available) and judicial philosophy, I have decided that I will vote no on his confirmation. My full statement:pic.twitter.com/hURIXfcthp Today's @ProtectOurCare event was about protecting the millions of Americans who are at risk of being denied the medical care they need. It couldn’t come at a more important time – all of us who care about defending healthcare access need to speak up in defense of this ideal. Healthcare is not a privilege that can be revoked from those who are too poor or too sick – it is a prerequisite for Americans seeking to live happy, healthy and productive lives. This isn’t radical – it’s compassionate, and exactly what @ProtectOurCare stands for.pic.twitter.com/5prG6z8MrJ On #POWMIARecognitionDay, we take a moment to honor our prisoners of war and those who went missing in action; their sacrifices will never be forgotten. Read my full statement below:pic.twitter.com/9rCn8A04ib I’ll keep fighting to make sure all Maine people have affordable access to healthcare – no matter where they live or what job they have. Timely conversation in Damariscotta this morning, discussing the importance of the Affordable Care Act’s healthcare protections on Maine people – especially Maine people who work in the natural resource industries that drive our rural economy. (Farming, fishing, forestry, etc.)pic.twitter.com/6DfG5fmn7L Independent @SenAngusKing on why he opposed Brett Kavanaugh's nomination from the beginning: "We only have 10% of the data" from the judge's time in the White House. "If somebody ... said, 'I want a job, but you can only see 10% of my work product' ... you'd laugh at them"pic.twitter.com/0UIs4hcpkq That’s why I’ve introduce the Restore Our Parks Act with @senrobportman, @MarkWarner and @SenAlexander. Our bipartisan bill would drastically cut this backlog and make sure that we can fulfill our promise to leave behind these beautiful lands for future generations of Americans. Acadia has a maintenance backlog of $60 million, and it’s not alone – national parks across the country have fallen behind on maintenance to the tune of $12 billion nationwide. This is unacceptable. There’s never a bad time to be in @AcadiaNPS – especially not when you’re with the Acting Director of the @NatlParkService (by the way, a Maine native) to highlight the important maintenance work our state’s natural treasure needs to continue operating. … Nurse practitioners and physicians assistants are on the front lines of the opioid epidemic, and are ready, willing, and more than able to help; when we let them do their job, they save and change lives. I spoke in support of this provision yesterday. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/igZls9acTr This is only a first step, and I am hopeful that the conference committee’s final version will include an important provision that would allow nurse practitioners and physicians assistants to permanently prescribe medication-assisted treatment. Yesterday, the Senate passed an important bill that will help communities in Maine fight the opioid epidemic that is killing more than one person per day in our state. When facing serious problems, I’ve always found that the best way to find a solution is to bring a lot of smart people around a table and listen. An important conversation today in Portland, discussing ways to prevent veteran suicide with advocates and experts. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/7zdzozzluU Coming up tonight: @kasie is one-on-one with @SenAngusKing.  Don't miss it! 7-9pm on @MSNBCpic.twitter.com/Ye4RtB2t3j 17 years later, we still grieve. This morning, I joined Maine people at fire stations in Auburn and Lewiston to pay tribute to the lives lost on September 11th, as well as the first responders who rushed into action that fateful day. #NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/7E9KDeR5IW We need all hands on deck to end this scourge on our communities, help those struggling with addiction enter recovery, and finally stem this terrible pain that is being felt by families and communities throughout Maine; today shows how many people are working toward that goal. People with substance use disorders can recover and lead happy, healthy lives of service and productivity, if they have the proper support systems. That support system must include us – all of us – and that is why today’s event is so important. People across Maine are being devastated by the opioid epidemic, which kills more than one person per day in our state – but it’s important to remember that addiction is not a death sentence. Today, I was able to see examples of that firsthand at the Rally 4 Recovery in Portland.pic.twitter.com/GnfxeHGkFI TUNE IN: I’ll be on next with @Morning_Joe The heart of our democracy is fair, free elections – and the heart of those elections is accurate information. Today, I questioned @jack, CEO of @twitter, and Sheryl Sandberg, COO of Facebook, about how their companies are working to educate consumers about disinformation. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/0Nu2Rsmwci I’m at the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing featuring Jack Dorsey of Twitter and Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook, and will be questioning them shortly. WATCH LIVE:  … TUNE IN: I’ll be joining @NewDay shortly. Harley riders stick together, so I’m happy to join in celebrating @harleydavidson's 115th Anniversary Parade and commitment to giving back to @MDAnews as bikers ride across America as part of the #RideForStrength … The great tower of the Washington National Cathedral, just before John McCain's funeral Saturday morning. The service was amazing - a fitting tribute to a life of honor and character.   And, by the way, the sun was coming out as we quietly left the church.  …pic.twitter.com/OM4tHpYuvh Our public schools have real, concrete needs: textbooks, supplies, and more. This policy would take money away from these important priorities, and make our schools less safe in the process – it’s a lose-lose, and we shouldn’t do it. Secretary DeVos’s plan to use federal funds to arm teachers is stunningly misguided: it won’t make our schools safer, and it won’t help America’s students get a better education. I joined with 44 of my Senate colleagues to urge Secretary DeVos to abandon this terrible idea.pic.twitter.com/5Sgq6di3FO A victory for not only newspapers, but also for citizens and communities throughout Maine and across the country. This thoughtful decision ensures that local newspapers will not face added obstacles in their continued efforts to inform the American people. … Proud to support Maine’s musicians, songwriters, and artists, who are ‘instrumental’ to our state’s culture and traditions!  #mepolitics … TUNE IN: I’ll be on with @NewDay next. John McCain was an American hero. It was my privilege to serve with him, learn from him, and call him my friend. This evening, I got to pay tribute to his life's work on @AC360 with @JohnBerman.pic.twitter.com/ljKd0WaG4w I’ll be joining @AC360 next to honor the life and legacy of my friend, Senator John McCain. I hope you can watch. These people are the folks I think about – and who I work for – when I am in the Senate: Maine families, who are simply looking to ensure that they are not priced out of the medical care they need to keep their children healthy. I’ll keep fighting on their behalf. #mepolitics We shouldn’t even have to be here, discussing whether children – all children, including those with pre-existing conditions – ought to have access health care; it’s simply a question of common sense. Powerful meeting at Mercy Hospital today, hearing from young people who live with chronic conditions and their parents. The administration has refused to defend ACA protections for those with pre-existing conditions (asthma, diabetes, etc), threatening their access to vital care.pic.twitter.com/SzvWo1gs3S Saddened by the loss of my friend John McCain – my full statement on his passing:pic.twitter.com/NN3YrtNPBB Sad day for John McCain, his family, and the country. Wishing him peace and comfort. “What this plan is doing essentially is extending the life of dirty, polluting plants and shortening the life of real people.”   We need to defend the Clean Power Plan and the health of all Americans. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/SzueL1EFVq “A #CleanPowerPlan should improve our environment and the air we breathe, not make them worse. The word “clean” doesn’t belong in this #DirtyPowerPlan." - @SenAngusKing #ProtectCPPpic.twitter.com/aEZ8Ay9hxk We can and must respond more forcefully to climate change, which is why I’m speaking LIVE on the Senate floor to defend the Clean Power Plan. WATCH:  … The Clean Power Plan sought to ensure that we leave our children with a planet that allows them to have a bright, prosperous and healthy future – but the administration’s new proposal would roll back so much of the CPP’s vital work to address climate change. The @bangordailynews has it right: “It would be better if the administration simply followed the EPA’s guidance and scrapped rules that will unnecessarily sicken and kill Americans.” … Climate change is a serious challenge facing Maine people, and we must meet it head-on. The Clean Power Plan was an important step in the right direction, and any alternative that undoes its work to restrict emissions is a major mistake; the CPP should remain in place. Thank you @SenAngusKing for your support + leadership on the VA Medicinal Cannabis Research Act (S. 2796/H.R. 5520) which would allow VA to conduct research into cannabis as a treatment option for vets with conditions such as #PTSD and chronic pain. #Big6 … President Ferrini-Mundy’s focus on preparing students for the 21st century workforce is the type of leadership that UMaine, and the state of Maine as a whole, needs. Everywhere I go, I hear that businesses need workers – our students can be the answer. … Our nation’s journalists are a vital part of our political system, and they deserve our respect. My thanks to the folks at the @bangordailynews, @pressherald, and dozens of other Maine news outlets for their efforts on behalf of Maine people. “Facts matter. But they don’t make themselves known. They don’t, actually, speak for themselves. They need people, such as journalists, or yourselves, to say them out loud.” – @bangordailynews … “Our work is a search for the truth, and when we do it well, it’s a crucial element of a system of government that makes an informed citizenry the ultimate authority.” – @PressHerald … The state of Maine has lost one of its most trusted journalists, and the people of Maine have lost one of their fiercest advocates. Chris had a passion for truth, storytelling and the state of Maine; he will be deeply missed. … For rural Maine communities to thrive, they don’t only need high-speed broadband – they need to know how to use it. Axiom does important work to boost digital literacy in Maine, and this grant will help them expand their efforts and help more Maine people. … No matter who you are, or where you live, you are not immune from the astronomical costs of prescription drugs. Last month, I met with Maine people facing this challenge; read about their stories and my efforts to reduce these costs in my weekly column: … Stonyvale Farm in Exeter is a true example of innovation in the agricultural industry. Working with Agri-Energy, they’ve built a facility on site that combines food waste and the waste of the dairy cows to generate electricity. Reduces waste and electricity costs - a win-win!pic.twitter.com/2T7jTwhwqA I fought hard to make sure the Senate Farm Bill included provisions to help support rural broadband, and I’ll keep fighting to help open doors for these hardworking Maine people. #mepolitics One of the biggest issues these farmers are facing? They need affordable, high-speed broadband access. The internet can help increase their efficiency, and grow their customer base — and without it, they risk being left behind. #mepolitics Had the opportunity to tour Crane Brothers Farm in Exeter, and sit down with local potato and dairy farmers to discuss the ways they’re working to innovate, and the challenges standing in their way. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/lRtj9yGWdi #ThankYou @SenToddYoung, @SenCantwell, and @SenAngusKing for introducing S.3231, a bill that creates a task force to address #affordablehousing in the United States today. … Spent some time visiting businesses on Lisbon Street in Lewiston. Glad I had the chance to sit down with employees of Rinck Advertising and to see my old friend Paul Poliquin, who has run Paul’s Clothing and Shoes for nearly 50 years!pic.twitter.com/XTTgsREyVx Fantastic lunch company today -- got to have a conversation with business leaders and entrepreneurs from Lewiston and Auburn, and hear about their successes and the challenges they face.pic.twitter.com/DyzrXdooqn Great to visit Elmet Technologies in Lewiston to see dynamic American manufacturing at work. Elmet makes components for products like medical imaging and electronic devices, and has continually adapted to fill market needs — all the while employing 175 people right here in Maine.pic.twitter.com/Pm8Sdiku8F Exciting happenings in Rumford — Congress Street is getting all new sewer and water lines! Glad to see new investments in rural Maine communities.pic.twitter.com/zVDT3cHwaY Five years ago, the Origin Maine facility was a barn - today, it's a rapidly growing business producing high-quality performance clothing right here in Farmington. A pleasure to see the way this company is thriving and investing in rural Maine.pic.twitter.com/lZClU5Rutf Ezra spent his life advocating for and educating young people about Maine’s beautiful outdoors; through the Kennebec Land Trust, this area carry on his legacy. I can think of nothing that would have made Ezra happier. Rain wouldn’t have kept Ezra Smith indoors, and it certainly didn’t stop today’s event dedicating a new wildlife conservation area in his name — with smiles!pic.twitter.com/0NQ021utE0 Nothing beats summer in Maine – and I’m so glad to be home! In the coming days I’ll be in Mount Vernon, Farmington, Rumford, Norway, Lewiston, Auburn, Orono, Exeter, and so many places in between. Hope to see you! #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/60g782cgTH .@SenAngusKing, @SenTinaSmith, and I are urging @usedgov to take additional steps to ensure the federal #opentextbooks pilot program is most effective in achieving savings for students:pic.twitter.com/vdmO0hzgkr We should be encouraging innovative solutions to make us a more sustainable and efficient nation; instead, this proposal would move us backward. #mepolitics The administration’s plan to prevent states from enforcing tougher emissions standards is bad for consumers, bad for our environment, bad for the health of Maine people – it’s just plain bad. #mepolitics … What a shot – and what a phenomenal reminder of why we need to protect our oceans. Thanks to @OurOcean for shining a light on not only the beauty of these waters, but the challenges they are facing across the globe. … In today’s Intel hearing, I asked witnesses to agree/disagree with three statements:   1) There is a massive effort to misinform the American people. 2) It is still happening, and not limited to elections. 3) Our society is uniquely vulnerable.  They unanimously agreed.   WATCH:pic.twitter.com/9xyILCje7A This was true for the December tax bill, and it’s true now: it is wrong to cut taxes for the wealthiest among us while increasing the deficit our children will eventually have to pay down. #mepolitics I sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin expressing my opposition to the reported Treasury plan to cut taxes for capital gains without Congressional input. I’m all for commonsense tax reform that benefits hardworking families in Maine – but this proposal is not that.pic.twitter.com/BI41cieH3A HEADS UP: I’ll be joining @NewDay shortly. TUNE IN: I'll be joining @allinwithchris next. Medicaid vouchers are a horrible, no-good, rotten, lousy idea, and as long as I'm here, I'm going to do everything I can to call out this idea for what it is: a cruel, a cruel swipe at the protection for seniors that Medicare has provided. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/ezSe06NH1b 53 years ago this week, two of our nation’s most important programs were signed into law. I’m LIVE on the Senate floor to honor more than half a century of Medicare and Medicaid, and to defend them against those who want to undermine their critical work.  … Lobsters are more than just a delicious meal – they’re a serious economic powerhouse for Maine’s coastal communities. Thrilled that the Senate has passed a resolution I introduced with @SenatorCollins naming September 25th as #NationalLobsterDay! #mepolitics Learn more about my roadmap of priorities to lower the cost of treatment and coverage, and stabilize the marketplace, here:  … Too many Maine people are faced with soaring drug prices, which is why we must work every day to make health care more accessible and affordable. Important conversation at the Southern Maine Agency on Aging about driving down the cost of prescription drugs. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/vq5TbSzvVl Today I had the privilege of welcoming John Druce, a 96-year-old World War II veteran of the Marine Corps and a longtime community leader in Boothbay Harbor, to Washington, D.C. It was a true honor to sit with him, learn about his experiences, and thank him for his service.pic.twitter.com/Gx1wjy3SBF The administration has consistently worked to undermine the Affordable Care Act. I’m LIVE on the Senate floor highlighting the real impact being felt in Maine communities as a result of these efforts. WATCH:  … This year @SenAngusKing and @SenatorCollins pushed back against a proposal that would have opened up the Gulf of Maine to offshore drilling. Now they are working to create #NationalLobsterDay! @PressHerald … TUNE IN: I’ll be joining @wolfblitzer on @CNNSitRoom shortly. Earlier this month, DNI Dan Coats said that the “warning lights are blinking red…the digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack.” Enough is enough – we need to respond before it’s too late.  The Senate should pass our bill. Our electric grid touches every part of our society; an attack disabling it could have catastrophic results. Can you imagine what would happen if the power went out for days? Weeks? Since we first introduced this bill, we’ve seen increasing signs of danger. The most recent report came yesterday, as @WSJ reported that Russian efforts to hack into electric utilities were successful to the point where “they could have caused blackouts.” … For years, I’ve worked with my colleague @SenatorRisch on a bipartisan bill to protect our energy grid from foreign attacks by implementing manual features to prevent hackers from remotely shutting down key infrastructure – it's commonsense, and it's important. An insightful op-ed from FCC Commissioner @JRosenworcel highlighting the importance of internet access for today’s students. I’m proud to work with my colleagues, including @SenCapito, to close the homework gap and make sure every young person has the tools they need to succeed. … The volunteers at Leavitt’s Mill are stepping up to fill in the gaps, but not every community is so fortunate; this is why Congress must not only defend the ACA, but find ways to improve it to ensure our healthcare system works for all Americans. Unfortunately, this problem will get worse before it gets better. The Administration’s continued efforts to sabotage the Affordable Care Act have made health insurance more expensive and harder to access for many Maine people. It was truly inspiring to see Maine community leaders stepping up to fill a local need – but the visit was in some ways disheartening. It hurts to see just how many people in York County have fallen through the cracks of our healthcare system. Today, I visited with leaders at the Leavitt’s Mill Free Health Center in Bar Mills, a volunteer-based facility that provides free healthcare to Maine people without insurance – all funded by private donations and grants. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/wKzs6PcpUW Gentlemen, from a guy who’s spent a lot of time exploring Maine with an RV to a couple of first-timers on the rig: you’re in for a treat. We’re excited to show you, and the rest of the country, the way life should be. #mepolitics This week, @craigmelvin and @alroker from the @TODAYshow will be in Maine to “show the beauty, and joy, and wonder, of the State of Maine to the rest of the United States” – think we’ll have something to show them? … Buck Farms in Mapleton is growing barley and hops to supply Maine’s growing craft beer industry, and Michaud Farms is using a solar array to cut its energy costs dramatically. These efforts will allow the both the farms and communities to thrive for years to come. Maine’s farmers are the foundation of our state’s rural communities – and they’re innovating to make sure they can continue to compete in an increasingly global marketplace. Today, I was fortunate enough to spend some time at two farms in the County and learn about their work.pic.twitter.com/b88c3gIxUd OK, I may not be in the County *quite* yet – but I will be soon! Looking forward to spending a couple of days in Aroostook County this weekend to meet with local farmers and veterans, and to celebrate the Potato Blossom Festival alongside Maine people.pic.twitter.com/KWBlIU9UHX One of NATO’s key goals is to maintain peace through a shared commitment to mutual defense and deterrence – but when America’s leader suggests that we may not stand by our allies, we invite bad actors like Russia to test our alliance’s resolve. My thoughts, via @NewDay:pic.twitter.com/eTweq5vJMZ Heads up: I’ll be joining @NewDay shortly.pic.twitter.com/R7zrobsU0N I’m speaking right now on the Senate floor about the danger climate change poses to Maine’s economy. WATCH LIVE:  … "Today, (President Trump) had the script in front of him and then he strayed from the script at the end and said well, it could've been other people too," says Sen. Angus King. "He just can't admit that something might have had something to do with helping him get elected.pic.twitter.com/EdlxsqJV92 TUNE IN: tonight, I’ll join Chris Cuomo on @CuomoPrimeTime The President’s continuing refusal to address the Russian government's interference in the 2016 election is nothing short of disturbing. He’s dividing our allies, and embracing Putin – that’s no way to defend America. … This summit was not a productive step toward protecting our democracy; the President needs to treat Russian aggression as the serious threat that it is, and stop attacking the legitimate efforts to get to the bottom of what happened. The intelligence community has been clear: the Russian government interfered in the 2016 election, and their efforts will continue until we hold them accountable. Congrats to Max Rosner of Brunswick and Kyle Baker of Kennebunk for playing in the World Lacrosse Championships this weekend! Great to see Maine athletes excelling in international play. @2018WorldLax #mepolitics I’m at the Camden Opera House this morning hosting a panel with medical professionals, employers and advocates to discuss ways to lessen the stigma surrounding the Substance Use Disorders -- watch LIVE.  … A fitting honor – congratulations, John. … I’ve spent a lot of time in the room where it happens with @SenatorBurr and @MarkWarner – and neither one of them is throwing away their shot. Their bipartisan leadership has been critical to our committee; it’s been an honor to serve with them. … I'm talking NATO with @mitchellreports right now -- hope you can tune in! TUNE IN: Joining @NewDay shortly, hope you can watch! Craig Hickman is a proud public servant who radiates intelligence and enthusiasm for all things Maine. Craig, our whole state is thinking about you tonight. … As I’m studying Judge Kavanaugh’s record, one of the key issues on my mind will be the ACA’s protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions, which the DOJ has decided not to defend in court. My thoughts on the importance of these protections: … My reaction to tonight's #SCOTUS nomination:pic.twitter.com/UWAksgmKoH National parks symbolize a national promise: we must leave a better world for those who come next. To fulfill that promise, I’ve joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues to introduce a bill protecting America’s parks for future generations. #mepolitics … We are live! Watch Assistant to the Secretary for @usdaRD Anne Hazlett host a conversation on #opioid misuse in rural Maine with @SenAngusKing and Congressman @BrucePoliquin at @HussonU  … In Stonington, I heard the same fears, because this isn’t just about lobsters – it’s about the entire local economy. This affects people all across our state, and it’s simply wrong that Maine people could be treated as “collateral damage” in this international fight. One lobster dealer they talked to offered this wise advice to the Administration: “be more thoughtful, and ask the source” before making trade policy. That is exactly what I did earlier this week, when I spent two days in Stonington, the lobster capital of the state. The lobster industry is vital for coastal Maine communities, but people who rely on it to earn a living are now caught in the middle of an escalating trade war with China. Yesterday @ChrisJansing and @VaughnHillyard highlighted the impact on one of Maine’s largest industries.pic.twitter.com/RTbb45jwMI I hosted a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing here last fall to discuss how innovative technology like CHP can help lower energy costs, sustain jobs in Maine’s forest products industry, and contribute to the electric grid. Great to see the progress at the Combined Heat Power (CHP) facility at Robbins Lumber in Searsmont. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/2QEATfRgYu Rain or shine, Maine farmers are hard at work. Great to visit the Belfast Farmer’s Market today!pic.twitter.com/VgSRcXjTrq Scott Pruitt’s tenure was marked by disastrous policies and shocking mismanagement; I hope that new leadership will reassert the EPA’s important role in protecting our environment. ICYMI: Yesterday, I joined @MeetThePress and spoke with @ChuckTodd, on Independence Day, about the meaning of being an independent. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/xZfKGdjXmr It was a pleasure to see so many members of our armed forces and thank them personally for their service. Our country’s freedom dates back centuries, but cannot be taken for granted; it is only preserved through their work and sacrifices. I had the opportunity to tour the ship and meet with members of the crew, including Commander Janet Days, the commanding officer on the McFaul, and a number of midshipmen — including Howard Francis, a Lee, Maine native who is currently in the Naval Academy.pic.twitter.com/6sL789nX2z Wonderful to kick off the #FourthofJuly2018 with Eastport’s largest visitor — the USS McFaul, which came up from Norfolk, Virginia to celebrate #IndependenceDay.pic.twitter.com/GeF3oH1Q5M A day of family, reflection, parades, patriotism, barbeques, fireworks, and…lobster rolls! On this 4th of July, I’m wishing you and yours a Happy Independence Day. With Ellsworth Fire Dept Deputy Chief Greg Saunders. If you’re in Bar Harbor tomorrow, you’ll see him driving this ride for the Fourth of July Parade. Thanks to all of Maine’s first responders for everything you do.pic.twitter.com/gbtY8uExIw Lobsters are a way of life for many coastal communities, and these unnecessary trade wars are risking Maine jobs; I’ll keep pushing for a strategic approach on trade deals.  to today’s lobster talk in Stonington, but  to the fears I’ve heard from Maine people about the impact of tariffs on the industry.pic.twitter.com/gPzdO0ITh8 Tomorrow, I’ll be in Stonington, Maine – the lobster-landing capital of the country – to hear directly from Maine people who rely on this shellfish to earn a living. We’ll talk about how these challenges, and others, affect their ability to do business. #mepolitics In Maine, lobster isn’t just a delicious meal; it’s a serious business. Thousands of jobs in our state rely on this catch – but now, their livelihoods and the economies of many coastal communities could be collateral damage in misguided trade wars. … I’ll keep fighting this misguided practice, and urge Maine people who feel the same to keep speaking out. Your voice is powerful; keep using it. A powerful morning at the #FamiliesBelongTogether rally in Brunswick, where the energy matched what my office has heard from Maine people for weeks: shocked, angry, and ready to create change.pic.twitter.com/xuWsxhkoEa Inspiring to see the work at High Hopes Clubhouse, a Waterville organization that helps Maine people with mental illnesses find work, create relationships and build community.pic.twitter.com/n0GrbzSkuX Immigration is a complex issue, but what we’ve seen unfold at the border these past several weeks  isn’t complicated; it’s just wrong, and cannot be justified as a deterrent, bargaining chip, Christian teaching, or anything else. My column, on Medium: … All about service with a smile today at the Cohen Community Center in Hallowell. Wonderful to see so many Maine people, and to participate in this program focused on letting Maine seniors age comfortably in their community.pic.twitter.com/Rffo64l1ul Journalists are members of our communities, and vital participants in our democracy — not enemies.   I’m praying for the victims at the Capital Gazette, and their families. To those in the Hart Building speaking for the children - I hear you. Keep raising your voices! #familiesbelongtogetherpic.twitter.com/qtL9CheMcK Removing the ACA’s protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions would create a new barrier for individuals struggling with substance use disorders – and at a moment when Maine is losing more than 1 person a day to opioids, another barrier is the last thing we need.pic.twitter.com/AAwsclrar1 Maine’s farmers are the backbone of our state, and their products are second-to-none; whether it’s legislation or a letter, I’ll keep fighting for programs like this to ensure they have every opportunity to grow and thrive. It’s just common sense – if something works, invest in it! That’s why I introduced the CREAATE Act to double the funding for both MAP and FMD over the next five years and make sure American farmers can compete in the global marketplace. MAP and FMD are wildly successful: for every dollar spent, they return $28.30 (!) to our economy. But despite this impact, their funding has remained stagnant for more than a decade. This week, I led 13 of my colleagues in a letter urging the Agriculture Committee to increase funding for the Market Access Program and Foreign Market Development Program – two programs that help farmers access new global markets.pic.twitter.com/rriTgnCXuk Today I urged the nominee for the top cybersecurity job at the Department of Energy to push the Administration to prioritize cyber defense – including re-establishing a role to coordinate between agencies, and formulating a cyber doctrine of deterrence. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/XL6BO1eBwP Coming up... looking forward to talking with @SenatorLankford and @SenAngusKing exclusively this morning. Plus, NBC's @RichardEngel joins. See you soon on @MeetThePress No words can fully convey the depth of our respect for Gold Star families, but now Brunswick is home to a memorial that marks our commitment to easing their grief and honoring their loved ones. Earlier today I was humbled to help dedicate this sacred site. … The idea that the Administration would reverse its policy of family separation to show "compassion" but not attempt to return the 2000+ children who have already been taken makes no sense. These kids still need their parents, and should be reunited with them immediately. This move is overdue but far from a long-term fix. I’ve heard from thousands of Maine people on this subject and I know that, we as a Nation, can find a way to both protect our border and protect children and families seeking asylum. I’m glad that the President finally recognized two important facts about his family separation policy: first, this crisis was unnecessary and he has the power to correct it on his own; second, separating children from their parents is incongruent with American values. These kids are not bargaining chips – they are kids. And they should be with their parents. Mr. President: make the call, and end this policy.pic.twitter.com/Sfnb5HG6yX The Administration’s policy of separating families at the border is simply wrong, and could be solved today by a phone call from the President to the Attorney General. Last night, I spoke on the Senate floor against this cruel policy. You can watch part 1 of my remarks here….pic.twitter.com/UmJWuP5EAG Speaking on the Senate floor to urge the Administration to end its policy of family separation. WATCH LIVE:  … I'm with Maine people with pre-existing conditions, health care professionals and advocates today in South Portland to discuss the importance of affordable, high-quality coverage for people with pre-existing conditions. WATCH LIVE:  … Wonderful to join ⁦@GirlScoutsofME⁩ to discuss the importance of civic engagement #getinvolved #stayinvolved #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/WzAdyQfv34 The Affordable Care Act is the law of the land, and helps millions of Americans with preexisting conditions access care – but the Justice Department is refusing to defend it in court. This is cruel, plain and simple – and if the DOJ won’t speak up in defense of the ACA, I will.pic.twitter.com/SljJ2EY6V2 LIVE on the Senate floor to discuss the misguided new FDA regulation that would be required to include “added sugar” on the label of pure maple and honey products – even though producers of these products don’t *add any sugar.* WATCH:  … History is condensed experience – a roadmap we can use to confront current challenges and prepare for future success. These Maine students understand that, and are in Washington to compete in the National History Day Contest; it was my pleasure to welcome them to the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/EiCZ2aBntx Between meetings today, took a moment to work on a visual for a speech on the Senate floor tomorrow... be nice @FloorChartspic.twitter.com/L5mJ2D1akr If you or someone you know is suffering, know that you are not alone. To get help, call the National Suicide Hotline: 1-800-273-8255 (TALK) or text TALK to 741741.   You are a valuable member of our state and our society – please, stay with us another day and let us try to help. The biggest message these advocates shared is the importance of destigmatizing suicide by facilitating safe and open conversation about risk factors and statistics. Suicide victims are our family members, friends, and neighbors – and they need our help. Today, I met with Maine representatives of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (@afspnational) to discuss life-saving solutions – because, with suicide rates in Maine up 27.4% in the last 20 years, there is much work to be done to improve access to mental health care. Suicide has recently been at the forefront of national discussions. But this isn’t a new problem – it’s ongoing, and it’s claiming lives of Maine people while leaving behind devastated families and communities unsure about how to prevent tragedies like this in the future. “This is a special industry. We are not talking about washing machines here or plastic toys. We are talking about the only business that has its own line in the Constitution.”    A strong editorial in the @BostonGlobe in support of my + @SenatorCollins’s PRINT Act. … Consumers need to know what they’re buying – and in the case of maple and honey products, they’re buying pure, single ingredient foods. The FDA should make sure that is clear. This product is all-natural, but a new FDA proposal might confuse consumers into thinking there are additives. That’s why I joined a bipartisan, bicameral group of my colleagues to urge the FDA to exempt maple and honey producers from nutrition labels claiming “added sugar.”pic.twitter.com/ZcEUBsnA30 Yesterday, I visited the Hampden farm of Peter Cowin, sometimes known as the “Bee Whisperer.” Peter demonstrated the process of producing honey from start to finish, and I can say this: this is pure honey, with no sugar added.pic.twitter.com/XLlim7Ma58 Downeast Treatment Center in Ellsworth is an example how for community-based, medication-assisted treatment efforts can support Maine people struggling with substance use. Grateful for their time today and their important work in our communities.pic.twitter.com/IDVcUiykWS Thank you for visiting @SenAngusKing! So very glad you got to met @treatb and Hannah! #librarylife #heybangor … A home, a livelihood, a safe haven or a place to do a polar plunge. On #WorldOceansDay, we should celebrate the important role Maine’s ocean plays in our lives, and refocus our efforts to defend it.pic.twitter.com/5CdtGDNfv9 In light of yesterday’s news that the Justice Department will no longer be defending the Affordable Care Act, a reminder: the ACA isn’t collapsing. It’s being mugged. … Yesterday, I joined my colleagues in urging the Administration to end its policy separating children from their parents – but if they don’t act, Congress should. I’ve cosponsored the “Keeping Families Together Act” to prohibit DHS from continuing this practice. Hosting a discussion on state and national efforts to end Alzheimer’s. WATCH LIVE:  … #ENDALZ Earlier today, I signed a letter urging the Administration to end its policy of separating immigrant children from their parents. We need to live by our national values at all times; this practice falls far short of those principles. Telehealth is a vital tool for rural healthcare providers, and I’ve spent years pushing the @FCC to expand its usage. Happy that this draft proposal would substantially increase broadband funding and allow greater access to lifesaving services. … This is just one example of the good work my staff does ensure that even if I’m working in Washington, I can still be listening to Maine people. If you’re only as good as the people around you, I’ll put our staff – and our state – up against anyone. Congratulations to Katie Toothaker, who teaches at Minot Consolidated School and is the 2018 Androscoggin County Teacher of the Year. She’s pictured here with a member of my staff, Ben Tucker, who recognized her achievement earlier this week.pic.twitter.com/5NdRjqPQxW TUNE IN: I’ll be on @NewDay next. Exciting news regarding new funds for @GDBIW that will support Maine jobs and help BIW continue to play its important role in keeping Americans safe. … Life of a US Senator may seem glamorous but @SenAngusKing has to collect his bags from curbside claim too. Here @nature_wonks @nature_org we know working for nature can mean lots of conversations, even on the tarmac in DCpic.twitter.com/roP50HkAH6 A great day in Jackman yesterday, where hundreds from the community came out to congratulate the 11 young people graduating from Forest Hills High School. A beautiful place with a strong sense of community.pic.twitter.com/ywKyU3K011 These smiling kids behind me? They’re Maine’s future – and after talking with them today at the Maine Youth Leadership Conference, I know our state is in good hands. A pleasure to see so many of Maine’s brightest young minds, and excited to see the impact they’ll make.pic.twitter.com/QYeInyrQt1 A pleasure to speak to the graduates of Spruce Mountain Adult Ed tonight. The sign in the background says it all: Knowledge is the Key to Success. Congrats to all the graduates; our state is grateful for your commitment to lifelong learning.pic.twitter.com/GQt0tHY7sv Maine people always knew that Acadia was picture perfect — and now, its beauty will be shared with the whole country after this shot won the @ShareTheExper competition!  … #FindYourParkpic.twitter.com/cY1rXWol6m Happening Now: I’m joining @ssgtravismills on @mainecalling to discuss the Travis Mills Foundation and important work Travis is doing in support of veterans in Maine and across the country. On #MemorialDay, I am humbled to join with citizens from across Maine and the Nation to honor the service and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform.  … 30 years of kayaking, camping, and exploring the Maine coast! I want to congratulate Maine Island Trail Association (MITA) on their milestone anniversary. What a great asset to our state.pic.twitter.com/NK7NfrEBOb Spent part of this morning with Bishop Curry, and shared some thoughts here:  …pic.twitter.com/pdpVEdBPFh I tried to take a moment to applaud @ChrisCuomo’s work on his last day at @NewDay, but audio troubles got in the way. Wasn't the worst thing in the world, though – I was able to get out before he got all sappy on me! Seriously: congrats, Chris. Looking forward to what’s next.pic.twitter.com/wSjIQ4OayF Happening now: joining @NewDay TUNE IN: Joining @Morning_Joe shortly! Heads up: I’ll be joining @ErinBurnett on @CNN shortly. These doctors see the horrors of opioids first hand, and shared their perspective on how to improve access to treatment and save lives. I’m grateful for their input, and their daily work to help Maine people live full, healthy lives. An important meeting this morning with Maine representatives of the American College of Emergency Physicians. We talked about the many issues facing Maine people – chief among them, the opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/N83sYxDtty  … I’m going be at Simones’ next week, but this time will be different than my past visits – I’ll be in the presence of celebrities! Congrats to Jim, Linda, George, Lera, Missy and the whole staff for this honor. … The Arctic presents great challenges, and great opportunities – and the only way that we’ll be ready to respond to these shifts is by being innovative and informed. I’m excited by the launch of this program, which will further establish Maine as a leader in the Arctic region. … A privilege to accept the Maine Education Association’s ‘Friend of Education’ award today. Grateful for this honor, and happy to see so many dedicated Maine teachers. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/spPVTINoPU I’m heartbroken to hear of another school shooting and another community traumatized. May our country find a way to come together and heal, and may Congress come together and act. Here is how I have approached this issue in the Senate. … This bill is all about making sure that the National Park Service is a good neighbor to Maine communities surrounding the park. I’ll keep pushing to make sure local concerns are addressed once and for all. #mepolitics A positive step today: the Energy and Natural Resources Committee passed my bill w/ @SenatorCollins to clarify the boundaries of Acadia National Park and ensure that the clammers/wormers who’ve harvested in the Park’s intertidal zone for generations can continue to earn a living. Today, I’m fighting to defend #netneutrality – because without a free and open internet, how will we be able to share that it is clearly #Laurel?pic.twitter.com/9RJ0JmdwDa Tariffs on newsprint hurt an already hurting industry: our newspapers. Local papers keep Maine people employed and our communities informed - we should be helping them thrive. My bill with @SenatorCollins will lessen the demands on the industry. Read more: … Maine’s law enforcement officials make daily sacrifices to protect our communities, and I’m currently speaking LIVE on the Senate floor to honor our state’s fallen police officers. WATCH:  … Tomorrow, the Senate will vote on the future of #NetNeutrality. As I highlighted on the Senate floor last week, companies across Maine rely on an open internet to innovate and grow – and tomorrow, I’ll be thinking of them as I vote to defend net neutrality. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/kZZL2UCdoV I’ve always believed that our state is at its best when we’re full of ‘lifelong learners’ – and Dorothy is the embodiment of that philosophy. Congratulations again! I may have been giving the Commencement Address at UMPI this past weekend, but I made sure to congratulate one very special UMaine Farmington graduate on her accomplishment! This a photo of my Saturday call to Dorothy White, who at the age of 89 received her degree from UMF.pic.twitter.com/8Pp4OVKdTb Great conversation with @SenAngusKing regarding UNE’s role as an entrepreneurship & nimble university that is known for its ability to execute on those concepts, an institution that supports a market place of ideas & our mutual support for the #NorthAtlantic initiative. @uarcticpic.twitter.com/UFIYNEEiLP This morning, I'm in The County to deliver the keynote address to the 2018 Class of @UMPIowls. You can watch live here: … A great afternoon, marked by high winds - but high spirits too! Plus, since the event was held at Presque Isle Middle School, I was able to meet student leaders (including some National Honor Society members from PI High School), and visit the classroom of The County’s Teacher of the Year, Mr. Guerrette. #TeacherAppreciationWeekpic.twitter.com/cZ2QMMYMsQ I also had the opportunity to honor #NationalPoliceWeek, and thank the law enforcement officers working the event.pic.twitter.com/MrX24DABVT I had a wonderful time attending the Aroostook County Special Olympics today. Got the opportunity to meet with athletes like Gabriel Tilley and Laci Ruccio and present the Good Sportsmanship Award to Holly Proux of Eagle Lake.pic.twitter.com/8NWcTqNMST Stopped by Mr. Guerrette’s class at Presque Isle Middle School to congratulate him on being named Aroostook County’s Teacher of the Year!pic.twitter.com/ggu62p23lJ The Putnam House fills a vital role for seniors in The County, building community and connections. Thanks for hosting me and for all the work that your volunteers do!pic.twitter.com/SKHqhWmBAJ Thanks to Paula and Joann for welcoming me to The County Co-op and Farm Store in Houlton. Loved hearing about your work to support local artists and producers — and next time, I’ll make sure we can play some ‘Houlton-opoly’!pic.twitter.com/QxqKwL6SdW College is more than expensive enough for young Americans; we don’t need pricey textbooks to drive the price even higher. I’m glad to see the Open Textbook Pilot Act, which I’ve pressed Secretary DeVos on, is on track to provide relief: … So happy to spend a few moments welcoming students from Gray-New Gloucester Middle School to the Capitol with @SenatorCollins this morning. Thanks for coming down!pic.twitter.com/iN7eP1wyvW Heads up: I’ll be on next with @Morning_Joe TUNE IN: I’ll be joining @ChrisCuomo  on @NewDay shortly. I’ll be on @NPR shortly — hope you can tune in! My statement on the nomination of Gina Haspel:pic.twitter.com/6WoXs39qs3 It was my honor to participate in this truly special night at @USouthernMaine and recognize not just the important contributions these veterans have already made to our nation, but also the impact they will have in years to come. … My statement on the Administration's decision to exit the Iran Deal:pic.twitter.com/YtFn2c0Dpr On #TeacherAppreciationDay, I want to take a moment to recognize the educators who motivate, inspire and teach us life’s most valuable lessons. Thank you for believing in our young people, both in and out of the classroom. So sad to hear about the passing of Dorris Farrar, the oldest person in Maine. I met Dorris last year, and at 111 years old, she was full of joy, humor and positivity. She embodied the Maine spirit – our state will miss her. … Proud to stand with the Red Cross as part of their initiative to help prevent home fires. It’s important work that will save lives – to learn more, go to   … This isn’t a partisan issue – it just makes sense. Congress must make this topic a priority – not just for our present, but for our future. Quality child care and early education are critical parts of child development  – but the high costs prevent families from utilizing this resource, harming both families and our national economy. Thanks to my friends at @firstfiveyears for pushing for quality, affordable child care and highlighting the help that my bipartisan bill, the PACE Act, would provide to working families across the nation.  #mepolitics. … WATCH LIVE at 12:45 as I discuss the importance of net neutrality for Maine businesses and the innovation economy with local business owners and entrepreneurs at @Certify in Portland:  … Net Neutrality has helped startups and job creators strengthen the economy, innovate, and discover their potential. And this month, Congress has the opportunity to overturn the @FCC's misguided decision to repeal net neutrality rules. I may not be celebrating #StarWarsDay in a galaxy far, far away, but I did feel the force (of innovation and STEM learning) at Space Day in Brunswick! A pleasure to see so many bright, engaged Maine students. #MayThe4thBeWithYoupic.twitter.com/TNZDuTr6mv Honored to join @USouthernMaine Veterans Graduation Recognition Ceremony in Portland this evening.pic.twitter.com/O8827aDiCA Thanks to everyone who came out to the Maine Senior Expo in Scarborough today! By helping our state’s seniors thrive in their own lives, we can make our communities stronger and more resilient #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/Zg3ovt3XJs Always love coming to Sarah’s…thanks for having me this weekend! #SmallBusinessWeek … The folks at the Bangor Chamber of Commerce are also hard at work developing creative ways to bolster the workforce and strengthen Maine’s economy.pic.twitter.com/qzyaB3Mthj Through job training and increased educational opportunities, we can help Maine people get good jobs and help employers hire qualified workers. Continued my statewide conversation on workforce development at Eastern Maine Community College in Bangor today. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/ekOyus1yu0 Warming waters off Maine’s coast are a threat to our ocean resources. We must protect these waters, which are a vital part of our state’s economy. That’s why I joined with @SenatorCollins to urge NOAA to prioritize studies in the Gulf of Maine. … Founded right here in Maine, ITNAmerica, has grown into a nationwide network that gives hundreds of rides every day to seniors in states across the country. Wonderful to join @SenatorCollins and the dedicated people at ITNAmerica to celebrate 1 million rides for seniors.pic.twitter.com/sSL6hOD2X0 Just because I was on the show doesn’t mean I won’t contribute to #dogswatchingkasiedc. We talked about some serious challenges facing our nation tonight, but I’m not sure Maddie got that exactly. Dogs have a way of keeping us grounded – I want to be the man my dog thinks I am.pic.twitter.com/DCS5pwnmxv Joining Kasie DC shortly — tune in! … The @ymca’s expansion will include a teaching kitchen where Lincoln County kids can learn about fresh, locally-sourced foods.pic.twitter.com/Ag86T15NgV Impressive facilities at the newly expanded Central Lincoln County @ymca that help support community programs to improve education, nutrition, & health of local peoplepic.twitter.com/qHxYbpah29 Honored to present the Frances Perkins Center with a Congressional Record Statement for its work to designate the Frances Perkins Homestead in Newcastle as a National Historic Landmark.pic.twitter.com/0V4oMfARwE With the help of high-speed internet, Buzz Maine in Damariscotta is a co-working space that supports Maine startups and entrepreneurs in their ability to work remotely and innovate #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/6bRKszSsFe Productive lunch discussion with local leaders at @SarahsCafe_Love in Wiscasset on the importance of coastal resiliency for the future of our communities and economypic.twitter.com/P8VCHnY73G I’m heartbroken by the loss of Corporal Eugene Cole, a 13 year veteran of the Somerset County Sherriff’s Office. Praying for his family and friends, and the many law enforcement officials working to capture his killer. Kellan of Detroit, ME and Julianna of Harrison, ME, are both pediatric cancer survivors who visited my office today to share their stories and push for research. Two brave young people; I’ll keep fighting for funding, so kids everywhere can keep fighting this terrible disease.pic.twitter.com/mAHQ4XxaDQ We need all hands on deck to fight the opioid epidemic – including you. If you have unused/unwanted prescription drugs in your medicine cabinet, please dispose of them this Saturday as part of National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. Find locations here:  … And vote here to support Eastport or Kennebunkport as “Best Coastal Small Town.” (If you can’t decide between the two, do what I’m going to do – vote for both!) … Vote here to support Bath as “Best Historic Small Town”… … Anyone who’s been to one is well aware that Maine’s small towns are second to none – and now, USA Today is letting us share that knowledge in a series of polls! Vote here to support Rockland as the “Best Small Town Cultural Scene”… … Economic development strategies like the in-house workforce training at Cianbro can strengthen the workforce and create jobs in rural Maine #mepolitics Impressive operation at @Cianbro’s new education and development center in Pittsfieldpic.twitter.com/WvTytVq79P Great to speak with folks at Somerset Public Health in Skowhegan this morning about ways to combat the opioid crisis #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/MTfJ4vbFeY I hope that the people across the nation – from Acadia to Zion – will make the most of our greatest treasures this week by getting to your nearest National Park! Follow this link to #FindYourPark  These parks hold a special place in my heart, and in the hearts of countless Americans – and in honor of this week, entrance to all parks will be FREE tomorrow, April 21st. #FindYourPark National parks serve as a reminder of our most important promise: to always leave a better world for our children than the one we inherited. That’s why I’m thrilled that the Senate passed my resolution w/ @SteveDaines honoring 4/21-4/29 as #NationalParkWeek! As our nation battles the opioid epidemic, need to use every tool at our disposal to help those struggling with addiction escape this disease. Naloxone does just that, and HHS should work to lower prices for this life-saving drug. … Grateful to Goodwill for this recognition, and for all of the important work they do for the people of Maine. … The fine folks with @MEafterschool made persuasive points, but this drawing from Trinity, age 11, is the best argument for why we need to support programs like this. Basketball, kites, and balloons – who can disagree with that?pic.twitter.com/B79ZO4iClo Afterschool programming is so important to kids across our state – thanks so much for coming down, and for all the work you do for Maine children! … Good thread from my friend @ChrisCoons on important bipartisan work we did w/ @SenRobPortman to end unfair tax penalties for people who have had student loans forgiven after becoming permanently disabled or losing a child. An example of how working together can make a difference. … A great night dishing out a Maine delicacy and raising money for the health of mothers and infants at the March of Dimes fundraiser – and our lobster stew even won the “judge’s choice” award! Always a pleasure to help out a good cause – especially when I’m helping with lobster.pic.twitter.com/pvoo9MMf1p My statement on the passing of First Lady Barbara Bush:pic.twitter.com/jv8acNeiPf Maine’s coast is too important to our economy and our identity to allow offshore drilling – it’s just not worth the risk. … Sen. Angus King says it's "concerning" that the White House walked back the sanctions against Russia that US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley had announced: "It underlines a problem of consistency and predictability ... and frankly, credibility"pic.twitter.com/0uUrYWUdmp I’ll be joining @NewDay shortly — hope you can tune in! Good Morning! Today on #CNNSOTU w/ @JakeTapper: @SenAngusKing, @MichaelAvenatti, @PreetBharara, @JenGranholm, @RickSantorum, @ninaturner, @BillKristol, & the Cartoonion! Hope you join us!pic.twitter.com/cUODJKK8iw My statement in response to the air strikes in Syria:  … That's why I cosponsored the recently enacted Jobs for Our Heroes Act to help experienced veterans/reservists qualify for Commercial Driver’s Licenses, and the New HOPE Act to help states reduce licensing barriers. I’ll keep fighting to boost Maine’s workforce, however I can. Glad that @USDOL is continuing to support state efforts to reform occupational licenses. Maine needs workers, and easing these sometimes burdensome licensing requirements can help close the skills gap by attracting workers who hold licenses for skilled jobs in other states. … Some special visitors this week– my legislative assistant Morgan brought in her new baby boy and her family. We are all thrilled about our new addition!pic.twitter.com/dD31E9lSYI Great to see a Distinctively Different flavor make its way to Hadlock Field … On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, we honor the 6 million Jewish people who were killed, and recommit ourselves to educating our children about this atrocity to ensure that we never forget. This conversation on the national security implications of climate change will air on @MainePublic at 2 p.m. – stream live at  . … I’m at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to listen to Mike Pompeo’s testimony. Director Pompeo has important questions to answer regarding how he will lead the department, his past statements, and his vision for America’s place in the world. I look forward to his responses. Important discussion this morning with leaders of the Maine State Chamber of Commerce, who play a vital role in ensuring that businesses thrive from Fairfield to Fort Kent. Thank you all for your work on behalf of the people of Maine.pic.twitter.com/1F6nRZFpEb Spot on from the @bangordailynews: “Calais and Baileyville deserve kudos for pursuing a new approach to faster internet.” High-speed internet is a critical part of success in today’s economy, and we must do everything in our power to make it more accessible and affordable. … Even though I’m working in Washington today, I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to spend part of my morning with students at Erskine Academy. A great conversation, and excellent questions from these young people – thanks for having me!pic.twitter.com/T4WYrb8Fm6 What do you do when winter storms keep coming? For residents of Sinclair, Maine, the answer is clear: you build the world's largest ice carousel! Great work by these organizers and volunteers to show off the County’s ingenuity – congrats! … When the Intel Committee held a hearing on social media disinformation, Facebook, Twitter, and Google sent lawyers instead of their CEOs. I said at the time, and maintain today, that we needed to hear from the decision-makers – I’ll be following closely today. In advance of Mark Zuckerberg’s testimony before the Senate today, a reminder that this is not the first time he’s been asked to appear before a Senate Committee. … An important conversation last night with retired Lt. General John Castellaw and Roger Sorkin on the threats presented by climate change, and ways that we can mitigate its impact on national security. #mepolitics … We need all hands on deck to solve the challenges posed by the opioid epidemic, and Maine’s media has played a vital role by shedding light on the impact of addiction. Congrats to the @PressHerald for this recognition. … 50 years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was killed in Memphis – but even though he was taken too soon, his influence on our nation will never die. On the anniversary of Dr. King’s death, we honor his legacy by working to fulfill his dream for all Americans. #MLK50pic.twitter.com/hUCdrCBUhY On this month’s ‘Inside Maine’ I’m joined by @SenWhitehouse and Tom Peaco of the Penobscot Bay Chamber of Commerce to discuss the threat of offshore drilling, which could seriously harm our environment/economy. We just can’t afford to risk Maine’s oceans.  … .@CFPB's payday lending rule helps protect millions of hardworking families facing financial hardships & must be preserved #mepolitics Wrote to @CFPB & @OMBPress to urge them not to repeal rule on predatory payday lending:   "We make change one person at a time".  The Hon. @SenAngusKing introduced tonight's speaker, Mariam Jalabi. #Syriapic.twitter.com/ukl7Dv2rHi To our Vietnam veterans: Thanks for your sacrifices across the world, and for your sacrifices here at home. May we recommit ourselves to serving our veterans as they have served us. Powerful ceremony this morning recognizing the 50th anniversary of 1968 Vietnam veteran inductees at Togus @DeptVetAffairs in Augusta.pic.twitter.com/ZsSE5F1dvK Continuing the conversation on workforce development at the Maine Restaurant and Lodging Expo in Portland #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/FLwokkB5jY Great hearing from staff, students, and employers at PATHS on Career and Technical Education. Thanks for a thoughtful conversation!pic.twitter.com/CuS9McaAyr Skilled workers are needed throughout the state to bolster the Maine economy. The hard work of students and staff at technical schools prepares our state's workforce for the future.pic.twitter.com/KP7VQeN7oL Businesses around Maine are benefiting from the good work of Portland Arts & Technology High School and Career and Technical Education schools like it around Mainepic.twitter.com/nZWVrjImTu Hosting a listening session in Augusta with AgCOM and Maine farmers about 2018 Farm Bill #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/XBr7WMIOo2 .@SenAngusKing at a roundtable discussion with health care professionals, advocates for Maine seniors on how to lower the costs of drug prices #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/cEaJn1zNWr To all the students participating in the #MarchForOurLives – keep going. America needs your activism and your engagement. In support of your efforts, I wanted to share an experience I had earlier this month. … A pleasure to spend some time this afternoon with Cape Elizabeth High School’s AP Government class, who came down to D.C. just in time to see how our nation’s capital handles the snow! (Hint: not quite as well as Maine.)pic.twitter.com/QduyWBghPy "I don't have a high level of confidence. I think we're vulnerable" to security breaches in the 2018 midterm elections, @SenAngusKing tells @hari. "I think a lot of the states have more confidence than they ought to, given the sophistication of our adversaries."pic.twitter.com/N3fD4DyxDn HAPPENING NOW: Proud to speak at the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring the brave men and women who served in the OSS. WATCH:  It’s the first day of spring – which in Maine means we’re preparing for a *minor* snowstorm rather than a major one. Stay safe, and stay warm! … HEADS UP: I'll be on @CNN with @wolfblitzer shortly. Comissioner Rosenworcel is right – students need access to high-speed broadband at home to succeed at school. Grateful to my caucus co-chairs for continuing to push for broadband across the country. … An honor to be recognized this morning by @SCActionNetwork for my bill to promote affordable childcare. Thank you all for your continued support as we work together to help children and families. … P.S. – if you’re looking for a way to use some of those agricultural products, why not give my predecessor Margaret Chase Smith’s blueberry cake recipe a try? #NationalAgDay … From potatoes to blueberries to dairy and more, there’s no one that does agricultural products better than Maine. On this #NationalAgDay, I celebrate all of the farmers who help feed our state and our nation. Today, the Senate Intelligence Committee released bipartisan recommendations to support states as they work to ensure election security. Read my statement, and the full list of recommendations, here:  … Today at 12:15 PM - Senate Intelligence Committee press conference on election security. Watch live:  Maine’s @SenAngusKing discusses ACA healthcare premium costs and how to attract more young people into the insurance market, which he says will bring costs down for everyone. He’s currently sponsoring a bill to provide young people with a subsidy. Today he listens to Mainers.pic.twitter.com/SGJoCiyoqO – bei Martins Point Health Care Words can’t describe what an honor this was – thank you, Olympia. In 2013, I began my first speech in the Senate this way: “I rise today with some humility because I rise in the footsteps of one of Maine’s greatest Senators, Olympia Snowe.”   Last week, she made this speech while presenting me with an award from the Bipartisan Policy Center.pic.twitter.com/QLbkfdzMhk TUNE IN: I'll be joining @margbrennan on @FaceTheNation this morning. In my first @Medium post, I discuss the legacy of the Family Medical Leave Act and the steps we still need to take to support workers. Read: … Our bill would equip the country’s energy grid with “retro” features and other solutions that prevent hackers from remotely shutting down key infrastructure. With so much at stake, we can’t wait until a devastating attack to create a more resilient grid – we must act. The thought of Russia being able to sabotage our power plants should concern all Americans, regardless of party affiliation – and that’s exactly why we need to pass my + @SenatorRisch's bipartisan “Securing Energy Infrastructure Act.” … Community Health Centers are vital for so many Maine people. Proud to stand with them, and with the @MainePCA … 198 years of the way life should be. Happy birthday, Maine.pic.twitter.com/vi5dMPMQ3u I’ll be joining @NewDay shortly — hope you can tune in! Happy #PiDay – hope you’re getting to celebrate with at least one of these Maine delicacies!pic.twitter.com/0yGWuZFx9U “Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet.”  A lovely tribute to a scientist who changed the way we view the universe, and a man who changed the way we view our own limitations. … HEADS UP: I'll be joining @MorningEdition on @NPR shortly. An important conversation at York County Community College’s Eggs and Issues last week. We discussed the economic challenges facing our state, including the workforce shortages that are especially acute in York County. Read more via @DonnaButtarazzi: … This morning, I made clear to Secretary Zinke that the people of Maine do not want drilling off our coast. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/SxzqWA9yCB Storm is picking up – to all those bearing the brunt of this weather, please stay warm, stay safe, and look after any neighbors who may need help. … Did you know @GirlScoutsofME has a special patch for girls who learn about the lobster industry in Maine? That’s a group that knows its audience! Happy 106th Birthday @girlscouts, and thank you for empowering young women of courage, confidence and character to be future leaders. His contributions, in the County and across our state, will not be forgotten, and our prayers are with his family during this difficult time. Mary and I are saddened by the passing of Don Collins. Don represented the best of Maine: a dedicated public servant, a pillar of the business community and a loving husband and father. … Congrats to the #AETourney champion @BlackBearsWBB -- next stop, the Big Dance! … A great morning at York County Community College with a focus on "Eggs and Issues" -- thanks for having me!pic.twitter.com/De71eHwf22 The King office is happy to say that we added another member this week – one of our legislative staffers had a healthy baby boy! She was able to give birth at the hospital, but our staff was prepared to jump in if needed.pic.twitter.com/EbEQuGw0Lb This bill, which had previously passed the House under @RepPoliquin's leadership, will now head to the President’s desk for his signature. I’m excited that Old Town now has the flexibility it needs to create additional economic opportunities. Great news: the Senate passed my bill with @SenatorCollins removing an antiquated federal deed restriction from a parcel of land next to the Old Town Municipal Airport and clearing the way for new economic development in the City of Old Town. An honor to accept the @ymca’s “Congressional Champion” award this morning. The Y plays such an important role in communities across Maine, and I’m grateful for their recognition of my work on issues like affordable child care.pic.twitter.com/IvecICRlVC Today, my bill with @SenatorRisch to protect our nation’s energy grid from cyber-attacks advanced through the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Read more about this important piece of legislation:  … In recognition of  #InternationalWomensDay, my staff dressed in purple to honor the women who’ve made innumerable contributions to our state and our world – and we even got Joshua Chamberlain involved!pic.twitter.com/JZiQ0GsJps HEADS UP: I'll be on @NewDay shortly. Hope you can watch! It was a particular pleasure to meet Maine’s two representatives, Virginia Hugo-Vidal of Gorham and Caroline Baldacci of Bangor. If these two represent Maine’s future leaders, then I’m confident our state is in excellent hands.pic.twitter.com/WTkHOCws8A As a co-chair of this year’s U.S. Senate Youth Program, I had the privilege of joining some of our nation’s brightest young minds last night to share a few things I’ve learned in my public service and answer their questions.pic.twitter.com/01YLhHhotX Today, the Department of the Interior is hosting a meeting to discuss the possibility of drilling off the coast of Maine – and though I can’t be there in person, I wanted to reiterate my opposition to this terrible proposal. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/KgwBy6t5h4 Great meeting with members of the VFW Department of Maine to discuss the important issues facing Maine veterans.pic.twitter.com/40mYgCkWs8 A fun story on a Bath resident’s role in the first ever 4-minute mile – and glad to read that Rev. Dole is still running! … A pleasure to meet with John Martell, the President of the Professional Fire Fighters of Maine – and a fellow resident of Brunswick! – to discuss how we can to help keep Maine’s firefighters safe, healthy, and prepared to respond to crises.pic.twitter.com/gqrOs4wYgJ We're excited to announce the four recipients of our 2018 Legislative Action Awards: @SenCoryGardner (R-CO), @SenAngusKing (I-ME), Rep. @SusanWBrooks (R-IN), and @CongressmanRuiz (D-CA).  pic.twitter.com/hKW4KauAeG Over the weekend, my friend and colleague @timkaine was surprised with a party celebrating his 60th birthday. Although I was unable to attend, I did want to offer the following verses in honor of this auspicious occasion:pic.twitter.com/VLVuS7b4tQ Hope you can tune in! … Mush! A great day at the Can-Am in Fort Kent.pic.twitter.com/3aVv7SPO9D Joined with @SenatorCollins @SenJackReed and @SenKamalaHarris in urging Facebook to notify users who have viewed Russian-created content – read our letter here:pic.twitter.com/rsQohNTjqI I also had the opportunity to honor Dave Cousens, who’s stepping down from his post as President of the MLA after 27 years. Dave’s been an exemplary leader and a champion of responsible stewardship for the lobster fishery, and our state is better for his work.pic.twitter.com/U06CSjsu10 A pleasure to spend the morning with the Maine Lobstermen’s Association at the Fishermen’s Forum. We talked about the importance of this industry to our state and the challenges lobstermen face.pic.twitter.com/N1lJ6Efxrs Thank you Senator King for your work to increase resources for ag exports! The Potato DC Fly-In attendees appreciated your remarks.   @SenAngusKing #potato #farmbill #agriculturepic.twitter.com/kusVA6t6eg An honor to host representatives from @LegionMaine in my D.C. office this week. The Legion has been fighting for Maine veterans for nearly 100 years – it’s a privilege to work alongside them on behalf of the men and women who’ve served our nation.pic.twitter.com/yufDbF2ILe A spud-tacular couple of days in D.C: earlier this week I spoke to the National Potato Council, and today I met with members of the Maine Potato Board. Thanks for taking the time to discuss a crop worth more than half a billion dollars to Maine – certainly not “small potatoes”!pic.twitter.com/0n0nQQ618m Met with Maine leaders from Disabled American Veterans to discuss issues facing disabled veterans, including the importance of caregivers. As a cosponsor of the Military And Veteran Caregiver Services Improvement Act, I’ll keep pushing to ensure our vets get the care they need.pic.twitter.com/5Dkl4Jtfk6 I support #NetNeutrality because the loss of a free and open internet would cause blatant harm to small businesses and consumers – as blatant as @SenatorTester’s foul on @CoryBooker at the :30 mark of this video.  Seriously – now is the moment to speak out and #SaveTheInternet. … On this month's Inside Maine, we discuss the importance of Community Health Centers, including a conversation with Senator @RoyBlunt. You can listen tomorrow at 10 a.m. on @WGANNews, or subscribe to Inside Maine on iTunes!pic.twitter.com/MiCOY3WpZn Maine's aquaculture industry continues to grow! This new facility will create more than 200 jobs and provide an important new economic opportunity for the Bucksport region by redeveloping the former mill site. Read more: … Devastating and unacceptable. The opioid epidemic isn't slowing down, so we must speed up our response. … Kikkan Randall and and Jessie Diggins are the first Americans to win Olympic gold in women’s cross country – and of course, two world-class athletes like them need to wear world-class apparel (i.e. @LLBean jackets) when celebrating on the @TODAYshow! Congrats, Kikkan and Jessie!pic.twitter.com/q7zCmtKSrg .@SenAngusKing in Machias discussing importance of helping Maine seniors age safely, independently in their homes #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/SzKSJ6xRfE On your mark...get set...GO! A great day at the Rangeley World Record Snowmobile Ride for Cystic Fibrosis.pic.twitter.com/QKtGjHEy4Q .@SenAngusKing getting ready for the World Record Snowmobile Ride for Cystic Fibrosis in Rangeley Lakes #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/MB75OT27pw Stopped by Renys for a real Maine Adventure. May need a new pair of Carhartts ahead of the World Record Snowmobile Ride for Cystic Fibrosis in Rangeley tomorrow.pic.twitter.com/yFggqjpBOC Pleased to join @SenatorCollins to applaud Verso Paper's plans to add 120 jobs in Jay. By investing in upgrades to the Androscoggin Mill, Verso is investing in ME people & our rural economy #mepolitics @MainePublic: … HAPPENING SOON: I’ll be with @SenatorCollins @SenatorRounds @SenAngusKing & other Senate colleagues talking about our bipartisan compromise to secure our borders & address immigration. WATCH LIVE: … Tonight, @SenatorRounds and I joined with a bipartisan group of 16 Senators in introducing a bipartisan amendment that would address both DACA and border security. See my statement below:pic.twitter.com/dvbc0kuLYj Horrified and heartbroken by today’s shooting in Florida. Another community robbed of lives and its sense of security – as we mourn with them, we must remember that this is not, and cannot become normal. Once again, Portland has been papered by red hearts courtesy of the #valentinebandit. This has gone on long enough – as your Senator, I’m pledging that we will catch this vigilante and bring him or her to justice.   (Kidding, Happy Valentine’s Day to all!) … A busy in morning in my D.C office, with guests from Portland to Pittsfield! For those who don’t know, every Wednesday the Senate is in session I host a “Capitol Coffee” for visitors from Maine, complete with coffee and blueberry bread. Hope you can join me in the future!pic.twitter.com/I1uXo31D7k HAPPENING SOON: I’ll be on @CNN @NewDay around 7:30. Hope you can tune in! Emily, all of Maine knows how hard you worked to get to the Olympics – we’re glad you’re OK, and so proud of your dedication. You’re an excellent representative of our state’s spirit. … Without a clear doctrine for deterring cyber attacks, the United States is fighting a serious battle with our hands tied behind our back. That’s why I highlighted the issue in today’s hearing on worldwide threats – watch here:pic.twitter.com/G5zQMtKtLz HEADS UP: I’ll be on @MSNBC around 7:15 am. Hope you can tune in! Lincoln was born 209 years ago today – and more than two centuries later, his words live on, and for good reason. A giant in our history, Abraham Lincoln’s contributions to our nation are incalculable and continue to light our country’s path. “The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew, and act anew.” – Abraham Lincoln Today’s discussion underscored one key need in these communities – more funding. I’m encouraged that the bipartisan budget included $6 billion to fight the opioid epidemic, and today I wrote to the Appropriations Committee requesting they prioritize hard-hit states like Maine.pic.twitter.com/sbMQcSDRKA The opioid crisis continues to devastate communities across Maine, which is why today I hosted my 8th roundtable on the subject. I was joined by providers and community leaders at Penobscot Community Health Center in Bangor to help identify strategies to combat this epidemic.pic.twitter.com/tnD0x9MGRp .@marcorubio has it right. The Senate Intel Committee, under the leadership of @SenatorBurr and @MarkWarner, is conducting a thorough, bipartisan investigation, which includes talking to as many witnesses and sources as possible. … Proud to see so many competitors with Maine ties at #Olympics2018, but certainly not surprised – we don’t let cold weather get in the way of a world-class performance. From Kittery to Madawaska, we’ll all be cheering you on in Pyeongchang! … My statement on today's bipartisan budget agreement:pic.twitter.com/uQkplnjLkr Great news for Maine - we're getting a lobster emoji!!! Thanks to @unicode for recognizing the impact of this critical crustacean, in Maine and across the country.   Yours truly,  Senator  I met this young man from New Hampshire yesterday, and had to show off the Maine lobsters on my tie – yet another reminder that we have to #ProtectOurCoast for the next generation.pic.twitter.com/OIBhVSMojB Some friend you are, @timkaine … A boost for the space industry, a major advantage for our country, and a truly amazing technological feat. Well done, @SpaceX! … We stand with @senangusking in opposing new drilling in the Atlantic and off Maine! Lobsters taste better covered in butter, not oil #ProtectOurCoastpic.twitter.com/Q94GRsKpOj I don’ t just wear my lobster ties to work in the Senate as a fashion statement – they’re a show of support for one of Maine’s most iconic industries. … I’m speaking LIVE from the Senate floor to oppose drilling off the coast of Maine, which threatens our environment and our economy. WATCH:  … A pleasure to meet with representatives from the Maine School Boards Association today to talk education, broadband, healthcare and more. Thank you all for your commitment to strengthening our schools and your steadfast dedication to Maine’s students.pic.twitter.com/DRx0wUG2OQ This is important – not only do parents have more flexibility to care for newborns, but the move also helps the company retain their employees. I commend Avesta for taking this step, and will keep working in the Senate to broaden access to paid medical and family leave. #FMLA25 On the FMLA’s 25th anniversary, it’s important to reflect upon both the good the law has done and how much more we have left to accomplish. I did just that this morning with leaders of @AvestaHousing in Portland, who recently implemented a paid parental leave policy. #FMLA25pic.twitter.com/Um4s5y6d5H For 25 years, the Family and Medical Leave Act has helped protect workers– but there is still more to do. #PaidLeaveMeans workers don’t have to choose between making an honest living or caring for their family, which is why I support the FAMILY Act. #FMLA25 … I will take my cue from these devoted public servants, and focus my efforts on the bipartisan investigation taking place in the Senate Intelligence Committee. What is clear, however, is that this is an obvious attempt to discredit the work of the men and women at the FBI, whose association reminded us just today that they will continue to do their work to protect America regardless of distractions and partisan politics. It is nearly impossible to make a judgment based on a document so clearly partisan, and one that attempts to boil down the extensive information required for FISA applications and renewals into just over three pages. Through decades in business, public service, and law, I’ve learned over and over again that there are at least two sides to every story, which must be closely considered in uncovering the facts. This memo tells only one side of the story – and a limited version at that. I join @SenatorCollins to applaud the purchase & planned redevelopment of the Old Town Mill. Important for job creation & a vibrant economy in Maine’s rural communities #mepolitics @bangordailynews:  This week, I was named Ranking Member on the Senate Subcommittee on National Parks. Those of you who’ve met me (and many of you who haven’t) know that these parks hold a special place in my heart; honored and humbled by this opportunity to protect them for the future. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/apEln1ubry I’m following coverage of this morning’s train crash involving my Congressional GOP colleagues, all those affected are in my thoughts. I’m thrilled to have Maine State Senator Joyce Maker, Republican from Calais, as my guest for the State of the Union. Joyce has a long history of public service in Maine, and is a great advocate for her community –  I’m honored to have her with me tonight. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/dRhTSPyXnA Aquaculture is a growing force in Maine’s economy, and it continued to grow today with Nordic Aquafarm’s announcement of a Belfast facility that will bring dozens of jobs to the region. This is an investment in Maine people, Maine jobs, and the future of our economy. “People go into these things wanting be to feel uplifted, and positive.” More of my thoughts ahead of today's speech, via @MainePublic:  … Happening now: a discussion of bipartisanship on Capitol Hill with @SenCapito and @edatpost. Watch: … META: @SenAngusKing and @SenCapito taking a selfie before we speak at our #PostLive event previewing the #StateOfTheUnionpic.twitter.com/mmRw5JVfnd A pleasure to meet with the Maine Lobster Dealers’ Association to discuss one of our state’s most iconic and important industries. … If you watched @nbcsnl this weekend, you saw their take on the Palmers, a Bangor couple who love Dysart's, but had some trouble saying exactly *why* in an ad for the restaurant. The SNL version was pretty good, but it didn’t hold a candle to the original. … This year’s flu season is hitting Maine particularly hard, so please take the proper precautions. Wash your hands diligently, stay home if you’re sick, and make sure to get a flu shot if you haven’t already – stay healthy, and look out for your neighbors. … TUNE IN: I'll be joining @KasieDC shortly. A great episode of Inside Maine this month – I’m joined by @Sen_JoeManchin and @SenAlexander to discuss the #CommonSenseCoalition and where the Senate goes from here. Tune in for the excellent music, stay for the substance!  … Yesterday, I had the pleasure of showing @SenJackReed, Ranking Member on the Senate Armed Services Committee, exactly why Bath built is best built. … .@SenAngusKing and @SenJackReed in front of the DDG-1001 #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/AEDUMY9C6v Jack is an excellent spokesman, but I’ve certainly got him beat on the Instagram/photography game. … .@SenAngusKing talks leadership w/ folks at BIW #BathBuiltBestBuiltpic.twitter.com/pwQLTSVyRl .@SenAngusKing speaking with Front Line Supervisors at Bath Iron Works #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/zzTRdtXamz Today, I’ll be visiting the hardworking men and women of Bath Iron Works with @SenJackReed, the Ranking Member on the Senate Armed Services Committee. Excited to show him in person that Bath built is best built. For updates from the visit, follow my spokesman @JackOFaherty1. A great video explaining the importance of #NetNeutrality. Well done, @BurgerKing – sincerely, a Senator whose name is often mistaken for one of your sandwiches. … Great conversation with @Sen_JoeManchin and @SenAlexander about the #CommonSenseCoalition’s work to build bipartisan consensus. You can listen on this month’s Inside Maine, which airs at 10 a.m. Saturday on @WGANNews, or you can subscribe to Inside Maine on iTunes!pic.twitter.com/hrl67KWfzS An inside look at “the room where it happens."  …  cc @Lin_Manuelpic.twitter.com/il7Srfz018 A bit of good news you may have missed: following my letter with Senate colleagues, the Administration has extended its opioid public health emergency declaration. Still much work to be done; we need real funding to fight the scourge of addiction. … An update on the opportunities ahead of us, complete with a view of the Capitol rotunda.  …pic.twitter.com/RpP0yyegCd This AM, @SenatorRounds and I joined @Morning_Joe to discuss the process that created a bipartisan deal to move forward on the important issues before the Senate.pic.twitter.com/8XorRbsACD HAPPENING NOW: Joining @SenatorRounds on @MSNBC. Hope you can tune in!pic.twitter.com/Uimq0Pqabv TUNE IN: I’ll be joining @AndersonCooper shortly to discuss today’s agreement. Following today’s agreement, I joined @npratc to discuss the bipartisan work that went into today’s decision to pass a three-week CR, and the next steps we’ll be taking to resolve the numerous issues still in front of us. LISTEN: … Spent the day in meetings with Senators from both parties. Feeling hopeful that commonsense will prevail. #communicateandcompromise A Saturday view from the Capitol, and some reflections on where we currently stand.  …pic.twitter.com/tagKGRXNmv Senator Angus King: "We've got to get out of the continuing resolution business, because as long as that escape hatch is there, it's going to be used." #shutdown Happening now: @SenatorTester and I are speaking on the floor to highlight that continuing resolutions are no way to govern. WATCH:   My statement on tonight's vote to reject the most recent continuing resolution:pic.twitter.com/n2ojotkB9D “We ought to be passing a budget. This is a ridiculous process.” @CharlesPPierce captured my frustration with the Senate’s insistence on kicking difficult decisions down the road. We owe the American people better than this. … Absolutely I objected. We have too much to do. … Today, I signed onto the CHIME Act, a bipartisan bill that would continue funding for Federally Qualified Health Centers. FQHCs provide care to more than 200,000 Maine people, and are vital lifelines for communities across our state – they need, and deserve, our support. This morning, @SenatorRounds and I spoke with @ChrisCuomo about the flaws of governing by continuing resolutions and the bipartisan possibilities in front of us.pic.twitter.com/tISUq25r68 Currently on @NewDay with @SenatorRounds – tune in!pic.twitter.com/KJ2uSM8XgE At 7:15 this morning, @SenatorRounds and I will be joining @NewDay to discuss the importance of governing through budgets rather than continuing resolutions. Hope you can watch! Broadband access is a key tool for education, healthcare and innovation, but many rural parts of Maine lag behind in connectivity. Focusing on bridging the digital divide is critically important to helping our rural communities compete in the 21st century economy. #mepolitics Today, I joined with my fellow co-chairs of the Senate Broadband Caucus to send a bipartisan letter to President Trump, urging him to include dedicated funding for broadband deployment in any infrastructure program. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/T6Eif70CqX St. Mary’s Nutrition Center in Lewiston does such important work for the community – grateful to Kirsten Walter and the rest of their team for answering my questions yesterday. … “Martin Luther King Jr. Day across the country is a day of service, and it made sense to me to start in my hometown.” … So, as we honor him today, let us take the opportunity to follow Dr. King’s legacy and serve – serve our friends and our neighbors, our communities and our country, as we continue to march toward the fulfillment of that radical new dream. #MLKDay Dr. King’s speech guaranteed that his dream, so deeply rooted in the American Dream, is now and forever embedded in the fabric of our nation. #MLKDay I had climbed a tree on the National Mall to watch the speech, and from that tree I saw Dr. King light a new path forward for our country with his eloquence, his passion and his conscience. #MLKDay As his words soared from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, they were taken in by 250,000 men and women of all races, religions, creeds and ethnicities – including my 19-year-old self. #MLKDay On August 28, 1963, Martin Luther King Jr. told the world about his radical new dream: that America would fulfill its promise of equality to all citizens, not just the lucky few of the right color. #MLKDay From last night’s #NEWSCENTERmaine, my comment on Thursday’s Oval Office remarks.pic.twitter.com/4kpWZykauG The @PressHerald Editorial Board agrees with Maine’s Congressional delegation: offshore drilling threatens to compromise some of our state’s most important industries. Read more: … Joined with @SenatorCollins and the rest of New England’s Senators to introduce a bill protecting our waters from offshore drilling. The health of Maine’s ocean is one of our state’s great economic resources, and it must be defended. #mepolitics #SenatorsNeedToEatToo … Last year, I led a bipartisan letter to the White House from 48 senators, urging that any infrastructure plan contains direct funding for rural broadband. As infrastructure discussions unfold, I will continue to push for a plan that helps rural Maine thrive. "It is going to take a sizable investment to bridge the country's technological gap... and for the sake of rural America, it has to come now." Timely editorial from the Press Herald on the importance of rural broadband efforts. #mepolitics … Thanks to the @NRDC and the @NRCMenvironment for hosting, and for all the great work they do to protect our environment for the next generation. We had thousands of people dial in tonight - an energizing, important conversation. If I could boil it all down to just one idea, it'd be this video.pic.twitter.com/05YNbGJDvi This evening, I am joining the @NRDC and @NRCMenvironment for their tele-town hall to discuss the critical environmental issues we face in Maine. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/0c9ICYfXHT This is an excellent bill from @SenatorCollins and @SenatorBaldwin, that will help family caregivers in Maine and across the country continue providing support for loved ones. I’m proud to support the legislation. … I support @SenMarkey’s bill to defend #NetNeutrality, which is critically important to a free and open internet. My statement:pic.twitter.com/WU7gazGsYX The internet is critical to the 21st century American economy, which is why universal access to affordable broadband is so important. Today’s announcement that the Administration will prioritize investments in expanding rural broadband  infrastructure is a welcome step. If you’d like to speak out against offshore drilling in Maine, you will have an opportunity this month. DETAILS:  WHAT: Public meeting on offshore drilling WHO: Interior Department’s Bureau of Ocean Energy Management WHERE: Augusta Civic Center WHEN: Jan. 22 @ 3 pm  #mepolitics So many of our key industries, from tourism and recreation to fishing, rely on healthy oceans. A single mistake could change that forever, rob our state of a key resource and permanently harm people across Maine. The risk of a catastrophe far outweighs any benefits. #mepolitics Maine’s oceans support countless jobs in our state, and play a major role in our economy. That’s why @SenatorCollins and I wrote to Interior Secretary Zinke today, expressing our opposition to the Department’s plan to open up the coast of Maine for offshore drilling. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/tjMhRPU17Q High-speed internet isn’t a luxury – it’s a vital economic driver that businesses rely on to compete in the 21st century marketplace. We can’t allow our rural communities to be left behind. #mepolitics I hope that this weekend’s infrastructure discussions at Camp David included this bipartisan request from 48 senators to support rural broadband.  … I oppose drilling off our coast. Keeping Maine's water clean and bountiful is absolutely essential to our livelihood. #mepolitics Remember to stay warm, check on your neighbors, and take care of each other – it’s what we do in Maine. History does have a way of repeating itself; nearly 20 years after the Ice Storm, Maine is faced with another serious winter storm. To mark the anniversary, and remind the people of Maine about lessons learned, I wanted to share some reflections on how we face these events.pic.twitter.com/cN01BzPbZR HEADS UP: I'll be joining @CNN's @NewDay at 7:45. Hope you can tune in! Headed back to Washington today with lots to do. Drawing inspiration for the work ahead from one of Maine’s great statesmen, Joshua Chamberlain. A personal favorite: “Loyalty then, is not mere conformity. It is fidelity; truth to faith; constancy of soul.” … Trust me, I know it’s cold in Maine – I don’t break out the flannel-lined jeans for just anything. But the @bangordailynews makes an important point here: this stretch of cold weather doesn’t mean that climate change isn’t real. Read: … We discuss Travis’s experience as a quadruple amputee and how that informs his Foundation’s work to help injured veterans regain a sense of purpose and direction, as well as Jack’s work with justice-involved veterans. Truly one of our best episodes – hope you’ll give it a listen.pic.twitter.com/S0YUcHRHSH Honored to be joined by @ssgtravismills and Jack Richards on this month’s Inside Maine to talk about helping veterans transition back into civilian life. Link here:  … No better place to spend the holidays than Maine – here’s my weekly column on what makes this time of year so special in our state:  Happy holidays to you and yours!pic.twitter.com/ZZZfH7GHmU There’s no better place to celebrate the holidays than Maine – and Officer Jeremy Turner of the Portland PD just showed why! A beautiful performance, and an excellent example of our state’s special spirit during this time of year. … Good news for some Maine people – if you were affected by October’s windstorm and missed the ACA’s December 15th deadline to #GetCovered, you still have time. December 31st is your new deadline, be sure to sign up! #mepolitics … My statement on tonight’s tax vote:pic.twitter.com/oLxHSPB1i1 While we’re debating a massive unfunded tax cut on the Senate floor, a reminder that CHIP – a program that provides insurance for tens of thousands of Maine children – is awaiting Congressional action. … Deadlines matter everywhere else – so why don’t they in the Senate? My floor speech on the work we’ve left undone:pic.twitter.com/3vmKJ2tGQY Speaking on the Senate floor about the deadlines we're missing right now. WATCH LIVE:  … The word for someone who’s lived to the age of 110 is ‘supercentenarian’ – and Maine’s oldest resident, Dorris Farrar, is certainly super. It was my pleasure to visit her with her at Hawthorne House in Freeport, and present her with a flag that’s flown over the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/HBB7tTRaXS Proud to join with @SenatorCollins to recognize the efforts of @WreathsAcross to honor veterans. … .@SenAngusKing renews push for more energy independence  … #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/tSF6agDdZh We 'mustache' you a question – did you get your healthcare through Open Enrollment yet? If not, hurry! TOMORROW is the last day to get covered for 2018 – sign up at  , or by calling 1-800-318-2596.pic.twitter.com/368VJmMK8y The open internet is a vital part of 21st century life, and a force for good in the American economy – which is why today’s @FCC vote to repeal net neutrality protections was such a monumental mistake. Joining @MaineCalling to discuss at 1:30, listen here:   Today, @SenatorCollins and I called on the @FCC and @AjitPaiFCC to cancel the vote on repealing #netneutrality #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/BRk3qiqaL1 There are nearly 117,000 veterans living in Maine – brave men and women who answered the call to serve, and continue to play vital roles in our communities. Thanks to @Mainebiz for highlighting their impact on Maine businesses. … THIS FRIDAY is the last day to sign up for health insurance during the Affordable Care Act’s Open Enrollment period. Please, call 1-800-318-2596 or to   before Friday to make sure you’re covered in 2018.pic.twitter.com/jWR89ymAvL Wishing a Happy #Hanukkah to all celebrating! Thrilled to share that following a letter I sent earlier this year, the VA has announced that they’re funding three new staff positions in Maine to help veterans confront mental health issues, substance abuse and homelessness. More from the @PressHerald: … A wonderful tribute to America’s fallen heroes and their families. My gratitude to all who make this special tradition a reality year after year. .@WreathsAcross has been delivering Maine-made wreaths to Arlington National Cemetery during the holidays for nearly 30 years. This year, they’re bringing more than 200,000 wreaths from Washington County to just outside of Washington, D.C. Second is Dan Reardon, a member of my staff, waving to the Wreaths Across America caravan as it passes through Scarborough.pic.twitter.com/yh293LzlUr Two photos from today: first is me, joining Senator Collins on the steps of the Capitol to lay a wreath on the Capitol Steps in honor of Wreaths Across America.pic.twitter.com/YvObkGk00K Glad to see so many of our state’s rural hospitals recognized for the incredible work they do. Even as rural health providers face many challenges, they continue to deliver vital care to Maine’s rural populations. … Robert Coles, a Machias man who served at #PearlHarbor, spoke w/ the @bangordailynews last year. While he is no longer with us, his service & sacrifice will never be forgotten:  76 years after the attack on #PearlHarbor, we honor the men & women who proudly served in defense of our country that fateful day & memorialize their bravery in the face of grave peril. Today, I once again attempted to get my Senate colleagues to take an approach to taxes that does not leave our kids holding the bill. Watch my speech on the Senate floor arguing for a deficit-neutral tax bill:pic.twitter.com/LY1Gpulhlc My statement on Sen. Franken:pic.twitter.com/SuI2gmHHRk We could have done this bill on a bipartisan basis, and in a way that allowed the American people to make their voice heard. Instead, we passed this. The Senate owes our country better. This is why hearings matter. This is why input from experts matter. This is why process matters. What happens when you rush a massive piece of legislation through the Senate with handwritten edits in the margins? You make mistakes. Example: … #NetNeutrality is crucial to maintain a free and open internet – and the FCC shouldn’t let fake comments sway its decision-making process. My letter to the FCC with @SenatorHassan + 25 colleagues:pic.twitter.com/Rs2lzqgxpQ Leslie Morissette’s work with @grahamtasticorg has made her a Maine hero for years, and now, her efforts to connect kids battling illnesses with their family, friends and schools has earned her a spot as a @CNNHeroes finalist. Vote for her here:  … … .@SenAngusKing with his three predictions of what happens next with the tax bill:pic.twitter.com/k0tRwe4wsb This morning, I'll join @FaceTheNation to discuss the Senate tax plan. Hope you can tune in. My statement on the Senate’s passage of the tax bill:pic.twitter.com/E1EjLFLgkM WATCH LIVE ON FACEBOOK: To hear my thoughts on tax bill currently being considered before the Senate:  … Spent some more time answering the phone on the tax bill. We've been swamped with calls, almost entirely against the bill--and I agree with them. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/n30WKK1Xhf Fielding a call urging me to vote ‘no’ on the Senate tax bill. The ratio of calls to my office is overwhelming – for every one person who supports this plan, I hear from 50 opponents. The people don’t want us to pass this bill.pic.twitter.com/5H0w5kEZN1 Talked with @Morning_Joe about the Senate tax plan, which couldn’t be more important – and as of now, we don’t even know what’s in it! WATCH:pic.twitter.com/2MDQu0r52r TUNE IN: Going on @MorningJoe shortly to discuss the Senate tax plan. Independent Senator Angus King on GOP tax bill process: "To call this a circus would be an insult to circuses"  Joining @andersoncooper on @AC360 shortly to discuss today’s tax bill developments on the Senate floor. Hope you can tune in! Disappointed that the Senate rejected my motion to recommit the tax bill to the Finance Committee. This bill is too important to rush – we need to get it right. We cannot pass this massive debt onto our children:pic.twitter.com/ccuGfx3dsv WATCH NOW: Speaking on the Senate floor about my proposal to send the tax reform package back to the Senate Finance Committee to make this bill deficit neutral:   Today, I sat down w/ members of the Arcadia Alliance, an international partnership between Maine & Norwegian boat builders who are working together to establish a foothold for energy efficient carbon fiber ferries in U.S. markets. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/lOHdeo16bF Great to speak w/ Rangeley Lakes Regional High School students during my Capitol Class today! The kids’ questions are always insightful, and I always come away learning something too. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/FWlTOXOFyl There’s still an opportunity for bipartisan tax reform. We're here, we're ready to talk.pic.twitter.com/blgp5gT1ao Joining my Senate colleagues shortly to discuss the need for a bipartisan approach to tax reform. WATCH:  … My tax reform op-ed with @TimKaine in @axios. Senator Kaine and myself, along with many of our colleagues, want to work with Senate leadership to boost our economy and help the middle class – but this process isn’t the way to do it. Read more: … Congratulations to Maine’s own SFC Ryan McCarthy for this honor! … The Senate shouldn’t pass a harmful tax bill just to say it’s done. … Small businesses fuel Maine’s economy – and in some cases, they fuel its Senator as well! Celebrating #SmallBusinessSaturday in Norway, with a bit of help from Café Nomad coffee.pic.twitter.com/ks8ZfudLMy Today is a special day, full of family and friends and food and reflections of gratitude. I shared some things I'm thankful for, and a few thoughts on our political climate, here; I hope you'll give them a read.   Wishing you a Happy Thanksgiving - Angus … From the mountains to the ocean, our state is founded in our outdoor heritage, and the formation of the Maine Outdoor Brands alliance is a great way to promote Maine’s adventurous legacy. @Mainebiz: … The internet has changed the way Americans conduct their business, pursue their education, and interact with their communities. A repeal of #NetNeutrality threatens those advancements: we need to voice our opposition, and defend a free and open internet. … The internet is a vital piece of the modern economy, and a cornerstone of 21st century life. It needs to remain open for all – not just the highest bidder. I stand with @JRosenworcel in defense of #NetNeutrality. … Childcare is critical for working families and, as a result, for our economy -- but the cost is increasingly becoming a major financial burden for Maine families. Read about my bill to promote affordable childcare in my @PressHerald op-ed w/ @Mark_Shriver … Legislation introduced by @SenAngusKing authorizes the @ENERGY CHP TAPs, an important program that increases our nation's #energysecurity. … This month is National Home Care and Hospice month. The men and women who care for Maine's aging population are vital to our state -- here is my column honoring them. … What Sen. Franken did was wrong. *Period.* This is a case that should be heard by the Senate Ethics Committee. Today is #NationalRuralHealthDay, and I’m LIVE on the Senate floor to discuss Congress’s lack of action to fund Federally Qualified Health Centers. WATCH:  … OpEd | I’m all for tax reform, but this isn’t it   via @SenAngusKing #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/gT4b0NHFQx I look forward to reviewing the new procedures, and will continue to push for a bill to expand congressional oversight of the process and ensure that intelligence agencies participate. The Vulnerabilities Equities Process, or VEP, is a vital framework to identify and patch cyber security flaws. I’m glad to see the Administration is recognizing the importance of the VEP, and attempting to improve it. In today’s meeting of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I expressed my opposition to proposed legislation that would open up new sections of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/fkoBs8zNtg There aren’t many giants left in the Senate – but John McCain is one of them. It was a privilege to attend the Army’s special Twilight Tattoo in his honor.pic.twitter.com/TEs5UJrGRf It’s generally a bad idea to “hack the Pentagon” – but thanks to a DoD program I’ve pushed for, hackers are helping identify security vulnerabilities. They've found almost 3,000 bugs in the last year! A great step that other gov agencies should take. … .@SenatorCollins has a better view than me, so I borrowed her office for this photo.   …pic.twitter.com/eaIkbjjaWf President John F. Kennedy once said: ‘As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words of thanks but to live by them.’ Captain Thomas Hudner would never utter the word ‘hero’ in reference to himself, but that’s how he lived. … We will never be able to repay the debt of gratitude we owe our veterans. My Veterans Day Column: … From a cell phone to call loved ones and a snack to a simple handshake, the Maine Troop Greeters make sure our servicemembers know how much our nation appreciates their sacrifices. An honor to join them today. … This moment was a true honor for me – I’ll never forget it.pic.twitter.com/Q28OLMYeY1 Charles Shay – Penobscot Tribal Elder and WWII vet who won a Silver Star for his service as a medic on D-Day – is a true Maine hero. Today, I presented him with a flag that’s flown over the Capitol.pic.twitter.com/dMisBzmOER Thanks to @PCHC for hosting me today, and for all the work they do to help make sure the people of Maine can find insurance that works for them. … LIVE on Facebook to discuss ACA open enrollment.  … Will be going LIVE on Facebook at 6:30 p.m. to talk about ACA open enrollment. Hope you can join me! By raising awareness & supporting medical research we can help more than 137,000 ME people w/ diabetes live happy, healthy lives #mepolitics Proud to join a bipartisan group to introduce a resolution honoring November as #AmericanDiabetesMonth. Tim and Dave have served Maine’s agricultural community for decades, and I look forward to working with them at the USDA. … .@SenAngusKing speaking about the importance of the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit. Child care must be a priority in tax reform!pic.twitter.com/AtHo3rzbZF Health insurance saves lives, and ACA plans may be cheaper than you think. December 15th will be here soon, so start shopping! #mepolitics … TUNE IN: joining @MorningJoe at 7:20. Heartbroken to see evil inflicted upon another community. Praying for the victims and families in Sutherland Springs. I can paddle; canoe?  … Starting off this AM on @NewDay – tune in at 7:20 to watch! This @gmfus website highlights how Russian-influence networks seek to manipulate public debate. Important to educate the American people.pic.twitter.com/YIT9n19qwt Also in Intel, I showed chart from #Hamilton68 that measures hashtag use by Russian-linked accounts. Full dashboard:   An important question following today’s hearing – I was disappointed that the CEOs did not testify. … In today’s Intel Hearing, I highlighted how Russians are posting on both sides of debates to exacerbate divisions.  … TUNE IN: Will be joining @mitchellreports at approx. 12:30 to talk today’s Senate Intel Hearing w/ execs from Facebook, Twitter and Google. Today the Senate Intel Committee will have execs from Facebook, Twitter and Google. I previewed the hearing w/ NPR: … The people of NYC are mourning tonight -- but as always, they remain unbroken in the face of hate. Maine, and the nation, stands with them. To those in Maine dealing with downed trees and loss of power – stay safe. Thankful to first responders and power crews for their hard work. Happening soon -- tune in! … On this month’s Inside Maine podcast, 2 Maine small businesses give a trick & a treat. Download on iTunes or listen:  …pic.twitter.com/MKovvnKgLB .@SenatorCollins & I last night wrote to @Interior to outline alternative strategies to fix problem. @PressHerald:   We need to think bigger to address @NatlParkService backlog – almost tripling fees @ Acadia & other Natl Parks will not solve the problem EXCLUSIVE: @SenAngusKing joins @jaketapper live on #CNNSOTU this Sunday.pic.twitter.com/lktKSNinO1 The PACE Act, intro-d with @SenatorBurr, will help more low-income parents afford childcare and remain in the workforce. … Hmm, "devilishly handsome" is too many letters... pic.twitter.com/nudMAGFJiv About to follow my fellow mustachioed Senator @SenJohnHoeven on @mitchellreports #SenateMustacheCaucuspic.twitter.com/hMHX9IaGfs HEADS UP: I'll be joining @mitchellreports on @MSNBC around noon. Hope you can tune in! The Senate is better for @JeffFlake’s service – the “better angels” of his nature will be missed.pic.twitter.com/Eh56bjThgr It may seem early – but with only 6 weeks to make sure you’re covered for 2018, vital to start planning now! #mepolitics 4) Create a list of the doctors and prescriptions you want your plan to cover. 3) If you are offered health coverage through a job, get information about it. 2) Get income documents for everyone you file taxes with – pay stubs, last tax return, etc. 1) If you have a Marketplace account, make sure you have your login info or reset your password if you can’t remember it. Open enrollment starts Nov. 1, and time frame to enroll is only 6 weeks. It’s important that you act quickly to secure coverage. NEXT STEPS: This AM, I joined healthcare advocates at @opp_alliance in South Portland to highlight ACA Open Enrollment. #mepolitics “If it helps sell some lobsters, I’m for it.” Thanks @HarrySmith for highlighting Maine’s lobster industry and our need for a lobster emoji!pic.twitter.com/GYKStrqQIG I just hit 100k followers, but these guys have me beat. Congrats to Brian and Matthew Haley for 100 years of Haley’s Metal in Biddeford!pic.twitter.com/LuBInXtak6 Great convo with @HarrySmith about how important lobster is to the Maine economy. Tune in to NBC News tonight to watch! #mepolitics   Maine’s own, Claire Bridgeo! Juggles my schedule and this plate of blueberry bread -- join us Wed mornings! Details:  …pic.twitter.com/wo61g5juYq Proud to cosponsor @SenAlexander + @PattyMurray bipartisan healthcare bill to stabilize markets and begin to address rising premiums. Talking about how we can support rural Maine at 1:30 – listen live:   #MEpolitics … If you’d like to watch my full speech, you can find it here:  … Also discussed how these “tax cuts” are actually just passing the costs to our kids and grandkids.pic.twitter.com/AxsajOzlFG Spoke on the Senate floor about how the proposed tax plan will impact seniors. WATCH:pic.twitter.com/kd93GTaXfR Today is both #NationalBioenergyDay and #ForestProductsWeek! Grateful to all who turn Maine’s resources into new economic opportunities. Speaking on the floor shortly to discuss the budget before the Senate. Watch:  … Will be joining Wolf Blitzer on CNN shortly, hope you can tune in! There are some things that everyone can agree on, like ribs. Fun talking BBQ and bipartisanship w/ @nielslesniewski. … Earlier this month, I talked about ACA sabotage.    Last night, the admin announced no CSRs.  This won't help Americans get healthcare. … The folks at the York County Shelters Program are doing incredible work. Grateful for their efforts on behalf of Maine.pic.twitter.com/z98mCjELI5 Great morning celebrating Maine manufacturing with HS students at Pratt and Whitney in North Berwick!pic.twitter.com/LK4zlBALte Music to my ears – congrats to Dover-Foxcroft music teacher Kaitlin Young for being named Maine’s teacher of the year! … Thanks @SenAngusKing for your #childcare amendment to the Senate budget. Your leadership is critical to make child care more affordable.pic.twitter.com/gBbIghsV2F “George Washington Carver figured 106 things to do with peanuts. What we need is 106 things to do with wood fiber.” – Sen. King Dr. Mark Johnson says we’re in the midst of “a long term effort to explore new uses for forest products” #mepolitics #RobbinsLumber "I consider this an exciting opportunity for Maine and the country... I think we're talking about the future here" - Sen. King Chairing an Energy Committee Field Hearing in Searsmont on how to maximize Maine's natural resources. Watch live:  … Great to talk w/ George Hale and @RicTyler this AM about today’s field hearing and boosting rural Maine. Listen:    Tomorrow, I’m chairing a Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Field Hearing in Searsmont. A preview of what we’ll discuss:pic.twitter.com/zZSxuT4Ol6 A bipartisan, bicameral bill to help secure our electric grid against devastating attack. Hopeful Congress will move on this bill quickly. … In my opening statement to the Budget Committee, I quoted a very smart hardware store clerk in Brunswick. Watch:pic.twitter.com/BiwzW9qdch .@SenAngusKing told @ChrisCuomo they had to talk about Iran during today's interview. Here's why:  The Affordable Care Act isn’t collapsing – it’s being mugged. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/3uYraSwWMM Happening now: Live on the Senate floor to talk about healthcare. Met with reps from the National Council for Behavioral Health to discuss treatment for mental health issues and the opioid epidemic.pic.twitter.com/aiW4akvBqf Congrats to Dr. Jeffrey Hall of Cambridge, Maine – I would have sent well wishes sooner, but my circadian rhythm must have been off. … Devastating news out of Las Vegas. Praying for the victims and loved ones affected by this tragedy. This month's Inside Maine podcast is about the lobster industry! If only there were an emoji I could use...  Listen:  …pic.twitter.com/Ez6G2Sd5ma To @SECNAV76, I say: you’re welcome back any time, especially if you keep bringing two destroyers with you!pic.twitter.com/PxBdWKud1S I was honored to join Secretary Spencer (@SECNAV76) and show him the incredible work that happens every day at BIW.pic.twitter.com/1ojNZFwyZ5 In advance of @SECNAV76's visit, Sen. Collins, Rep. Pingree and I proud to announce agreement btwn BIW and Navy to build 2 new destroyers. This honor recognizes the hard work from educators, students and families – grateful for your efforts to build a bright future for Maine. 3 Blue Ribbon Schools in ME! Congrats to Fourteenth Street School (Bangor) Connors-Emerson School (Bar Harbor) & Falmouth Elementary School! Excited to welcome @SECNAV76 to BIW, and show him the important contributions of Maine workers to national security. … National Parks are true treasures – by modernizing the ticketing process, we can introduce new generations to their wonder. The program is a major success – in fact, the process is so easy that I bought a ticket to Acadia during the hearing! (cc @SteveDaines)pic.twitter.com/QfTmDdhFgc In yesterday’s National Parks hearing, we heard results from the pilot program I pushed for allowing online sales of park passes.pic.twitter.com/EywlFIZWHb Drug addiction is a disease, but it’s not a death sentence. Watch my speech on the Senate floor:  … Any conversation about healthcare must make sure rural areas have access to affordable care – telehealth would improve care and lower costs. Met some great innovators this afternoon at Telehealth Expo hosted by the Senate Broadband Caucus and @AmericanTelemed.pic.twitter.com/SpQqGijW7s Speaking on the Senate floor shortly about National Recovery Month – tune in. Bob is a great public servant, and a great friend. The Senate will miss him. … Great to meet with Maine Principal of the Year Daniel Welch, from Boothbay Region High School. Thanks for your dedication to Maine students!pic.twitter.com/dLpk7dYBWn American citizens are hurting -- we need to do more to help them. Proud of Maine for answering the call. Maine National Guard in USVI:  , Red Cross vols in PR: … My statement on the Congressional Budget Office's preliminary score of Graham-Cassidy:pic.twitter.com/rQR3ENSGS2 I'm pushing to grow the profile of lobsters, any way I can – including emojis. … Today is a very special day for our state: Happy #NationalLobsterDay! Today we celebrate two proud Maine traditions -- happy National Hunting and Fishing Day!pic.twitter.com/cbfRQ09DYX Opioid abuse kills more than 1 person/day in Maine; we need all hands on deck. Grateful to CVS for taking action. … One more photo from Jackman yesterday – a staffer caught a Senator plying his craft.pic.twitter.com/NYlkUsUrJa Some photos from my day in Jackman yesterday:  … .…and our next steps on healthcare must to provide them with the aid that they need, not shortchange them. END I’ll continue to say clearly, and loudly, that our rural hospitals need our help… So, when I go back to Washington next week to discuss healthcare, I’ll carry the concerns and challenges of Jackman/rural Maine with me. This impacts everything – a CBP officer told me today they struggle to recruit/keep border patrol personnel due to limited healthcare. That means that the a mill worker on the late shift, or an elderly citizen who slips and falls, would have to drive over an hour for care. At the moment, Jackman stands to lose overnight emergency medical services at the end of the year. Communities need access to close and affordable healthcare in order to thrive. THREAD: Spent the day talking healthcare in Jackman today. There was one thought that was present in all of my conversations: Cybercrime costs the global economy hundreds of billions of dollars a year – it’s critical that we protect our networks. Concerned to hear SEC's database was breached. This is another example of why we need strong cyber defenses. Jackman is one of many towns with these challenges – they need bipartisan help. Look forward to hearing more tomorrow. (3/3) Jackman could lose overnight emergency/ambulance care at the end of 2017, forcing residents to drive more than an hour for care. (2/3) Tomorrow, I’ll be meeting with local leaders in Jackman to discuss the healthcare crisis they, and other rural towns, face. (1/3) Connectivity is so important to preparing our students for the future– grateful to all who’ve helped close the gap! #erate #mepolitics Proud to have supported modernizing the #erate which funds these efforts. We’re now seeing the results in our schools. #mepolitics Great numbers from @EdSuperHighway : nearly 170k Maine students, in 99% of school districts, have high speed internet access! #mepolitics … This healthcare process is simply irresponsible. … Full video of my speech on the Senate floor on #thegreathealthcareskedaddle:  "The great healthcare skedaddle." -Angus King #thegreathealthcareskedaddle On the Senate floor right now talking healthcare -- tune in! #mepolitics Spent some time this AM talking to constituents about healthcare. I'm a no on Graham-Cassidy. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/GdMwzmI1Ox I’m hopeful that the Senate will take a positive step towards securing our grid and pass this bill quickly. (3/3) This bill would protect our electric grid from cyber-attacks by looking to employ low-tech redundancies to defend it from hacking. (2/3) Grateful to the Western Governors’ Association (@westgov) for their support of my Securing Energy Infrastructure Act. (1/3) Heading back to Washington this afternoon – always wish I could stay a bit longer in Maine, but lots of important work to be done. A pleasure to meet with the United Farmer Veterans of Maine earlier this week.pic.twitter.com/7bA8607we0 …and your Nation is here to support you.  #POWMIARecognitionDay 7/7 To those families who have borne the borne the pain of a missing love one, please know: your loved ones will never be forgotten… 6/7 Today, we come together to express our gratitude to our missing heroes and to offer support to their loved ones #POWMIARecognitionDay 5/7 …by joining together in our unyielding efforts to leave no one behind. #POWMIARecognitionDay 4/7 Each time a lawmaker or visitor walks by that flag, it is reminds us to honor the sacrifice of those still unaccounted for… 3/7 That flag is at the center of our Nation’s capital to illustrate the truth in these words: #YouAreNotForgotten 2/7 There are two flags that grace the halls of our Capitol Rotunda: the American flag and the POW/MIA flag. #POWMIARecognitionDay 1/7 … Photo of the Week: Thank you to @SenAngusKing and @SenatorTimScott for your leadership as newly announced co-chairs of #USSYP2018.pic.twitter.com/a4fP6YQwLQ Equifax has some questions to answer. … Heart disease is the #1 cause of death in Maine – great to meet with the cardiologists who work hard to keep our state healthy. … Thrilled to announce my new spokesmen, @JackOFaherty1 & @JeffSobotko. Excited to see the work they’ll do for the people of Maine #mepolitics Bloomberg Editorial Board endorses my bill w/ @SenAngusKing to expand the Childcare Tax Credit program … We will #NeverForget. My statement on the 16th anniversary of #September11:pic.twitter.com/SnvcoykdG8 Thank you all for the incredible work you do every day to care for our nation’s veterans. (3/3) #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/qeJgZhYDRA Including a reunion with Ellie Newell, who’s worked at the facility since we broke ground in ’95 – my first year as gov! (2/3) #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/23vP91pZ1l Had an excellent meeting this morning with the dedicated staff at the Maine Veterans’ Home in South Paris… 1/3 #mepolitics .@SenAngusKing ’s Zika bill passes US Senate  …pic.twitter.com/IxBQB0J8o9 A shot from backstage at @hardball with @SenBlumenthal -- hope you were able to tune in!pic.twitter.com/vzyeJEwtef Senate unanimously passed my bipartisan bill to help states/localities fight mosquito-borne diseases. Details:  … Heartbreaking – once again on track for more than one overdose death per day. Not just numbers: family, friends, neighbors. We must act. … Spent morning hearing from state officials re: stabilizing healthcare market. Now more than ever, need a bipartisan approach. #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/lr6WCSxHeF Just made my cosponsorship of the #FAMILYAct official. Agree w/ @sherylsandberg, #paidleave is a key economic issue:  HEADS UP: I'll be joining @wolfblitzer on @CNN shortly. Hope you can tune in!pic.twitter.com/0qBxDsktun Please see my statement on the Administration's DACA announcement:pic.twitter.com/KV6loGZOR1 A busy August in Maine, meeting w/ ppl from Sanford to Fort Fairfield & everywhere in between. Your insights prepare me for the work ahead.pic.twitter.com/vC4trl9QpV Expanded access to high-speed cell service is great news for businesses and communities in Maine @TMobile #mepolitics … Tune in to my Facebook page to watch livepic.twitter.com/Pd9xxmGs8W Look forward to joining Jesup Memorial Library's speaker series on civil discourse and democracy in Bar Harbor tonight! #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/8WxR0EFWHh I presented Bar Harbor Bank and Trust Co. w/ a Congressional Record statement congratulating them on 130 years of service to the community.pic.twitter.com/HZFvElZELX Toured Hinkley Yachts manufacturing facility in Trenton today to discuss their work and strategies to strengthen Maine's workforcepic.twitter.com/P8uyVpRaYC Jennifer Neptune, a Head Basketmaker from the Penobscot Nation, was in Acadia today for a basketry and beadwork demonstration @AbbeMuseumpic.twitter.com/WJe2x3mmxE In Acadia to discuss research, education, and prevention initiatives for tick- and mosquito-borne diseases #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/uuKUraglA6 I & bipartisan group of senators called on @POTUS to heed his own opioid commission’s advice and expand access to treatment under Medicaid.pic.twitter.com/lXSSxv1Cig Joined the Ellsworth community 4 the launch of its open access fiber network which will help provide high-speed internet to local businessespic.twitter.com/ooUoo27adM A busy day in the Bangor region! Visited @penquisCAP childcare center, Somic America, @BangorFireDept, @MaineVets & Bangor Veterans Centerpic.twitter.com/bcwBtHiYdl Spoke w/ parents & childcare professionals abt PACE Act, bill I introed w/ @SenatorBurr to make childcare more affordable 4 working familiespic.twitter.com/4FmpsSQvZw Fun to sit down and read to kids at @penquisCAP childcare center in Bangorpic.twitter.com/Lf2q2e9hje Welcome news for the hardworking students across our state #mepolitics Please to announce @umpiowls has received two Upward Bound Program grant awards totaling $639,257! Finished the trip this afternoon after a ride through Mount Vernon and Manchester. Here's a pic of the group #mildhogs #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/sBBE1G0MDu Last day of the ride today. Thanks to all the good Maine people who stopped and talked to me along the road! #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/tKAacMt4q7 Great day for a bike ride and an #eclipse #SolarEclipse2017pic.twitter.com/ipqu2g5tRr Keeping American sailors and servicemembers aboard the USS John S McCain in my thoughts & thankful to all those leading the search & rescue … Harley + @SenAngusKing + drone + Sunday River = do NOT miss our show tomorrow, 10aET on @MSNBC. #outsidethebeltway #otb #backontheroadpic.twitter.com/kZIHUbU9QB Wonderful evening at Bell Hill Meetinghouse in Otisfield. Had the pleasure to introduce fellow biker & comedian Gary Crocker #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/stPJfVs0Sw Garrett fixed up a 1929 Model A for his Eagle Scout project and took me for a spin in it. Hard work pays off! #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/c0dxLkvJr7 Honored join the South Paris community to congratulate Garrett Haslett at his Eagle Scout ceremony @boyscouts #leadership #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/ovOOX2SwRd Beautiful ride down Route 142 to Dixfield & Route 2 over to Bethel. Stopped in at the Sunday River Brewing Co. for lunch #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/19ObF5BCN9 Had a great ride through Augusta, Winslow, Skowhegan, Monson, Bingham & Kingfield yesterday. Looking forward to more today! #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/WWC5NjlPwf Rounded out the day at the High Peaks Community Picnic in Kingfield. Great times, great people! #angusontheroad #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/pSYMufB9SC Fun start to my bike ride through Maine at The Red Barn in Augusta this morning. Hope to see you on Maine's back roads! #angusontheroadpic.twitter.com/o85CboNacF Maine is a state of neighbors. This is not who we are. The KKK is not welcome here. … Connectivity counts: Thank you #BuckleFarm and @SenAngusKing, a treat to talk about #broadband with you in #rural #Maine today.pic.twitter.com/bUuAjX8RSq Visited Waterville Public Library to hear about its digital literacy and career development efforts @JRosenworcel #DigitalLearningpic.twitter.com/1CBnfP4lII Pleasure to join the Kennebec Valley Chamber this morning! Looking forward to a packed day w/ @JRosenworcel to talk rural broadbandpic.twitter.com/vtzLwSPWyU pic.twitter.com/8sdxvP8zVI Spent time at Trafton Senior Center in Sanford today & discussed how home modification can help ME seniors age comfortably & independentlypic.twitter.com/r0osM7H8nT Racism in all forms is wrong. Let's hope the President's words begin to unite what white supremacists and bigotry in VA aimed to divide. Actions of hate groups in Virginia are unacceptable and unAmerican and have no place anywhere in our country. A national emergency declaration could make both a psychological and practical difference. Must back with good policy. … Spoke at the @PIRotary luncheon about strategies to grow Maine’s rural economy.pic.twitter.com/vppEATzWxW Visited home of Jeannine Charette to discuss importance of home weatherization programs with the Aroostook County Action Program.pic.twitter.com/2ss7XQwzYR Throwback Thursday to earlier this week up in Aroostook County! @ICarePharmacy #tbt #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/3c1BfbxiV6 Great to stop into the Appalachian Trail Cafe in Millinocket on Tuesday and hear from local people in the Katahdin region #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/Zibre9UNK6 A wonderful example of people helping people! The Kids @AuburnPD PAL center work with mentors & Master Gardner of the @UMaine Cooperative Extension to maintain a garden out frontpic.twitter.com/DK3H9aFLPf Moving visit at @TJCLewiston, I served lunch for people in the L/A area & w/ @AuburnPD Police Activity League (PAL)pic.twitter.com/wq43Pwpr5V Great visits to Aroostook and Penobscot Counties on Mon. & Tues. & thanks to all the hardworking people looking to help their communities! … Happy workers are more productive workers. This bill will both support Maine people and is a positive payback that's good for the economy. At Lamey Wellehan in Auburn to outline my support for #FAMILYAct and paid family and medical leave #paidleave #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/rhNB9CPatb The work taking place at the former mill site is a ray of positivity & hope in Millinocket!pic.twitter.com/9HPs67wHHK Today I joined @OurKatahdin & local leaders to discuss strategies to create jobs in Millinocket & Katahdin region.  Glad to announce @SenAngusKing as a part of College to Congress! #congress #usa #internshipspic.twitter.com/z0Nuj8huhr Fun day in Wilton for the 35th Annual Blueberry Festival Parade! #mepolitics @DailyBulldog:   Pleased by today's confirmation of @JRosenworcel as #FCC Commissioner. Looking fwd to working w/her to close the digital divide #homeworkgap Joined bipartisan group to write to @TheJusticeDept abt protection of 5th Amendment rights. Read @RandPaul’s op-ed:  Doing what I can to look out for @Smokey_Bear in today’s #ENR hearing #NotSmokeyTheBearpic.twitter.com/8Z7eJLp6ag Great story on Erin French's hard work at the Lost Kitchen in Freedom, ME. More from the @nytimes: … The appeals process has not been updated since the 1930s & this bill will consolidate this process. Learn more HERE:   Veteran Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act will help veterans receive a fair and timely review of their appeals. ...and also authorizes funding for a medical clinic for veterans in the Portland area:   VA Choice & Quality Employment Act, which @SenatorCollins & I worked closely on will help veterans receive care within their communities... The Senate passed two important pieces of legislation I cosponsored that will support Maine veterans and improve their access to health care What better way to celebrate Nat’l Lobster Day than with the 7th @MELobsterFest, which kicked off in Rockland today! #mepolitics #lobstah Pleased to join w/ @SenatorCollins to announce Senate unanimously passed a resolution naming Sept 25, 2017 National #Lobster Day #lobstertiepic.twitter.com/CUZIQbIMLo Great to join in the Loring House Apartments ribbon cutting yesterday! Let’s help seniors age with the independence and dignity they deservepic.twitter.com/m7BLxfPCpN On this month’s Inside Maine Podcast, I discuss ME’s vibrant arts culture & its impact on our local economy. Listen:  … It's easy to stand up to your opponents, but it's hard to stand up to your friends:  … Thx to @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski. Those were some of the bravest votes I’ve ever seen in politics. Here’s the Glamorous Life of a US Senator. That’s me holding @timkaine’s poster. You can tell by my lobster tie #humaneaselpic.twitter.com/1C35EpkJqJ HEADS UP: Holding a press conference 11:45-12 @ Portland Int’l Jetport to discuss the Senate health care vote early this morning #mepolitics LIVE ON FB @ 11:30: At Mercy Hospital to discuss path forward for comprehensive, bipartisan health care policy:  … I love John McCain. I've traveled with him, I've been tongue lashed by him, I've worked with him, and I wish I could be with him tonight. Great to speak w/ Rebecca Tapley, 2017 Maine Teacher of the Year Finalist from Brooklin & Karen MacDonald 2014 Maine Teacher of the Year!pic.twitter.com/3lotj6kChR Today I spoke at an #arctic @CSIS event with @SenAngusKing on addressing Arctic economic opportunities and limitationspic.twitter.com/2akb9OG3B0 Proud Sebastian Belle of the ME Aquaculture Assoc has been appointed to @NOAA Marine Fisheries Advisory Committee:   .@SenAngusKing & I intro'd bill to make sure sm. biz, community banks, credit unions have voice in CFPB rulemaking.  … Please see my statement on my meeting today with Christopher Wray, President Trump's nominee to serve as Director of the FBI:pic.twitter.com/CJE7CqSXnJ We’re going to spend a lot of money building walls – they may not be in Mexico – but they’re going to be seawalls all up and down the coast.pic.twitter.com/w7j1cWUcMD In the #ENR hearing today, I pressed energy experts on the costs of climate change and the impact of LNG exports for Maine consumers. Let’s get to work on a bipartisan basis to expand access to health care and make it less expensive for the American people #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/OS9L5uMuuE There are many ideas out there that we can all agree on to improve our health care system, such as lowering prescription drug prices. Pleasure to join you to discuss this important issue! In case anyone missed it, you can catch up on my remarks here:  … … Congrats to @pphbkeyes for being 1 of 8 journalists selected for the inaugural Dorothea and Leo Rabkin Prize #mepolitics … It's time for Congress to commit to making meaningful & bipartisan improvements to the ACA to make health care more affordable #mepolitics Great to meet w/ @CleanAirMoms from Maine and their families today. You are protecting the health and safety of our children! #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/6WxxRkjsgD We need to hold hearings & listen to insurance & medical professionals & hear frm hospitals & constituents to understand more before we vote … Proud of the work of men & women in the ME National Guard whose close partnership w/ Montenegro helped its ascension to NATO #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/C7JcZ2Ko4w Great to join @CNN @NewDay to discuss Russia’s interference in the 2016 election and the health care debate. WATCH:  The internet is a powerful engine for economic and social opportunity and it must remain open to all – not just the highest bidderpic.twitter.com/7cksrTE6Qw Today is the #NetNeutrality day of action. Let’s work together to protect the open internet that supports free speech and innovation. Great to meet you and thanks for your dedication to ending Alzheimer's! … My staffer summed up the aftermath @ her desk. Nothing is too on brand when it comes to Maine IMO @LLBean #Renys #lobstah #blueberrycrumspic.twitter.com/bsmUGNuxvy If you’re in town visiting DC from Maine, stop by my office for some coffee and homemade blueberry cake at 9 am on Wednesdays #mepolitics Excited @connctwithaxiom & @Microsoft @AAIGrantFund will collaborate to close the #DigitalDivide in rural Maine w/ #TVWS technology Thx to @machiasnews for covering my visit Down East last week. I want to work to provide affordable, accessible health coverage for ME ppl.pic.twitter.com/WMx1twlNLl Read my ideas on securing America's critical infrastructure from Sept 2016 op-ed w/ @SenatorRisch:  That's why I've introduced a bill that aims to protect America's electric grid from cyber-attacks. News of attempts to hack nuclear power plants underscores need for US to develop comprehensive cyber strategy:  …that it will make health insurance more expensive for them and that it will endanger community hospitals in rural parts of the state. I am very concerned that people in communities like Eastport and Machias will get hammered by this bill... We discussed the impact the proposed Senate health care bill would have on rural Maine communitiespic.twitter.com/IZ1AloFEiw I also visited w/ health professionals from across Washington County @ Eastport Health Care Clinic & Down East Community Hospital in Machias Wonderful few days Down East this week! The streets were packed w/ patriotic onlookers for the Grand Independence Day parade in Eastport.pic.twitter.com/vUZm9g3Hb0 See my statement in honor of Independence Day below #FourthofJuly #mepolitics:pic.twitter.com/kPg1gVz05a Looking forward to marching in the Grand Independence Day Parade in Eastport today! Happy #FourthofJuly and God Bless America  Great to see Taylor Worthington, winner of 2017 #CongressionalArtCompetition from #Maine, his art will hang in Capitol all yr! #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/lKhRd7avHi This exciting announcement will help bolster Saddleback’s place in the region & strengthen the economy @wlbz2   Saddleback has long been an impt pillar of Rangeley Lakes Region, attracting outdoor enthusiasts & families & helping grow the local economy @SenAngusKing cosponsored legislation that will make it easier for young people to enter Maine's fishing industry.  …pic.twitter.com/P4lnqPLf7o Important hearing yesterday in Intel Committee about Russian attempts to influence elections in Europe and what we can learn in the US:pic.twitter.com/zEPymtgpvV .@nytimes The Daily Podcast spoke w/ @HFHC_Maine of Harrington abt what the health bill means for Maine. LISTEN:  You can consider this retweet an endorsement. … Great story from @DeptofDefense on Maine National Guard's work to help the Raymond community #mepolitics:  Over 10k ppl dialed into @AARPMaine tele town hall. This is a serious issue & we need serious community engagement to address it #mepolitics Allowing Medicare to negotiate the price of drugs would save $25 B a year. Fixing this would save taxpayers money and save seniors money:pic.twitter.com/p3WI3qnNYs I've visited w/ rural hospitals throughout our state. This bill will deal a blow to these hospitals and Maine's rural economy #mepoliticspic.twitter.com/plmVLbhcCD Maine is the oldest state in the country. We cannot let a bill like this hurt our seniors @AARPMainepic.twitter.com/2erRcuh9Iz Hosting a tele town hall with @aarpmaine on health care proposal. Listen to some of my thoughts #mepolitics:pic.twitter.com/Vdz3Y4dCHW On this month's podcast, I discuss summer outdoor activities in ME. Listen to some tips from the pros @mainehuts:  …pic.twitter.com/8JHa4M8CSU That's why @SenatorRisch & I introed bill that would use retro approach 2 safeguard against cyberattacks. More HERE:   Impt piece in @WIRED on Russian cyberattacks in Ukraine. America must be better prepared against cyber threats:   Fun to join @SenatorCollins today to speak with over 300 @girlscouts from around Maine on the steps of the Capitol Building.pic.twitter.com/X5K1MKFoQL All this week we’ve hunted around here for the health care bill. This morning we found it & I’m kind of sorry we did because it’s pretty badpic.twitter.com/AT08MvQx7Z .@SenAngusKing: "I'm looking for the health care bill. I know it’s here somewhere…"pic.twitter.com/zo5cOy3kIy ICYMI: I spoke recently w/ @AlHuntDC about my work on the Intel Committee. Check out the Q&A @bv … When the it was founded, Glacier National Park had 150 glaciers. Today it has 26. pic.twitter.com/j3K9vrI0JO 3/ I am grateful to all who serve & offer deepest condolences to the families, friends & teammates of those who made the ultimate sacrifice. 2/ are a sobering reminder of the sacrifices our servicemembers and their families make to defend our country. 1/ Recent US casualties, including servicemembers killed in Iraq, Somalia, Syria & Afghanistan, and the 7 sailors lost on the USS Fitzgerald Tomorrow on #MTP: Senator Marco Rubio, Senator Angus King, and Jay Sekulow, a member of Pres. Trump's legal teampic.twitter.com/xNn4sImh7s Let us recommit ourselves to assisting the seniors in our community and help them live with the distinction and dignity they deserve.pic.twitter.com/bViiwk1Djo we must be increasingly aware of potential elder abuse, whether it be physically or through financial manipulation like phone scams. Today is World #ElderAbuse Awareness Day. Maine has the oldest population in the country – and with an aging population – General Allyn served the country with integrity and courage, and his leadership in the @USArmy will be missed.pic.twitter.com/oIpFeZ5SvW Honored to present General Allyn, a Berwick native, w/ an American flag flown over the Capitol ahead of his retirement from the @USArmypic.twitter.com/i6zAVpqdrw Great to join @CNN @NewDay this morning to discuss my thoughts on yesterday’s #SessionsHearing:  Encouraged @POTUS has renominated @JRosenworcel as FCC Commissioner. Her leadership has helped address #HomeworkGap and digital equity. Read my op-ed in the @bangordailynews abt economic impact of Katahdin Woods & Waters Nat’l monument for the region:  Praying for my colleagues, Capitol Police, staff and all those at the Congressional baseball practice this morning. WATCH my questions for Attorney General Sessions during today’s Senate Intelligence Committee hearing:  Fun to speak @ graduation @ Islesboro Central School. Only 7 graduates & the entire community came out. This is what makes Maine so special:pic.twitter.com/xcVPqPnp23 Joined @RepPoliquin to commend the brave men & women of Maine @VFWHQ at their convention in Bangor. TY for all you have done for our countrypic.twitter.com/rGxyfeFDbr WATCH more of my questions from the #ComeyHearing HERE:pic.twitter.com/7lhDJIfhIe ICYMI: Watch my remarks from yesterday’s #ComeyHearing. I don’t think Putin is a Republican or a Democrat. He is an opportunist.pic.twitter.com/tawH6xQLY6 Great to meet with Maine Boren Scholarship winners Kathleen Donovan and Isabel Udell!pic.twitter.com/OfkOJNMj71 ICYMI: Heartbreaking @nytimes story on impact of drug crisis. We must do all we can to support our communities:  Humbled to join w/ ppl in France and US to honor Charles, his Native American comrades, & all those who advanced in defense of freedom #DDay Charles, a medic during the war, is a member of the Penobscot Nation from Indian Island. In France today, Charles Shay Indian Park, overlooking Omaha Beach, will be dedicated as a lasting tribute to Native American soldiers.pic.twitter.com/2XC5ljBgZK These many years later we remember the lives lost and honor the immense bravery and courage on the beaches of France that day. 73 yrs ago today, the Allied Forces stormed the beaches at Normandy & began the liberation of Western Europe during Operation Overlord #DDaypic.twitter.com/JHZ6JndjRF On the anniversary of Robert Kennedy’s death, I am reminded of my favorite speech of his, delivered in South Africa in 1966 #RememberingRFKpic.twitter.com/le3W3usyvO Both @ChrisCuomo and @SenAngusKing were sporting Maine lobster ties on the show this morning. Coincidence? Unlikely   pic.twitter.com/1SML4rmGUc HAPPENING SOON: Hosting my Inside Maine Podcast on @WGANNews about importance of H-2B visas for ME economy. Tune in:   Great to make a surprise visit to Longfellow’s Greenhouse in Manchester to celebrate the family business’ 40th anniversary.pic.twitter.com/9xBrZRmm07 …to those who helped clean up Enewetok Atoll and other sites on the Marshall Islands. #mepolitics:   To underscore my support for Paul & 100’s of vets like him, I announced support for bill to extend key @DeptVetAffairs health benefits… Honored to present veteran Paul Laird w/ Humanitarian Service Medal in my Augusta office to honor his work at Enewetak Atoll nuclear site.pic.twitter.com/neWULnLHgx Helping seniors age safely at home is a critical part of the health care debate @SenBrianSchatz @SenatorCollins:  